This middle eastern/mediterranean restaurant and Husnu's are really twins, located adjacent to each other on State Street.  I recall them as having both been fairly mediocre and unmemorable restaurants.  Maybe they both survive because people get a kick out of how extraordinarily similar and mediocre they are.
I love this place just as much as Husnus and agree that they are very similar.  I have only good things to say however, and my review for Husnus could basically serve for this place as well.  Especially good for a nice lunch! 5 stars.
It's true that Kabul isn't really memorable. But its kabobs are good. It feels like a restaurant on a college campus should ... like it's just managing to get by. It's good food.
Good food, good value, overworked waitresses. The best parts: I enjoyed trying Afghan cuisine - the soup that you can choose to accompany the entrees (I forget the name) was fantastic. Chicken with curry was also very tasty - the chicken practically fell off the bone. The lamb kabob was good, although the meat wasn't as tender and had a lot of fat. Worst part: we waited almost ten minutes for a waitress *after* we were seated. She was quite friendly, although it was clear the wait staff were understaffed that day. The restaurant does have outdoor seating.
I've eaten here several times on visits to Madison and always enjoyed it despite comments of one reviewer.  Menu seems a bit more extensive than that of Afghan restaurant in Chicago and it is centrally located on State Street.  Like the soup too.
Very delicious seafood salad and (usually) tasty raspberry stuffed chicken (get it as a lunch special, otherwise a bit overpriced, and can be a bit dry.) 

The hummus is middling/inconsistent and I'm not sure how I feel about the ubiquitous cucumber curry salad dressing, but I go there pretty frequently because it's a good place to have wine with your lunch and I am all about being as French as possible.
Sat at their outdoor seating area for dinner - we had to squeeze our way in towards our tiny table.  I felt like we were literally sitting on top of our neighbors - we were that close to each other.  And it was like a balancing act trying to keep everything on our table from falling and crashing to the ground.  Our server was upbeat and friendly, although the service was a little slow.  We had the Bulani - potato and scallion stuffed flat bread which was deep fried - it was very greasy but pretty good.  It went really well with the yogurt mint sauce.  The salad you get with your entree (you get a choice of soup or salad) wasn't too special except for the lite green colored dressing which was sweet and tasty.  I still can't figure out what herbs they used.  We shared the Kabob Combo - chicken and lamb kabobs served with saffron rice and more yogurt mint sauce.  It was ok, nothing special.  I really wanted to try the chicken with the raspberry sauce I've been reading about but I didn't see it on their menu. :(  I think we'll try their sister restaurant Maza across the street next time.
It's true, Husnus is superficially similar, but they're unique from one another. Husnu's rice is greasier, good, but greasier. The Turkish coffee here is great for a coffee lover. And above all, the stuffed chicken is amazing, one of my favorite dishes anywhere period. It's not amazing enough a restaurant in general to be five stars, but that stuffed chicken... mmm.
+2   the cilantro pesto
+1   the red pepper pesto
+3   $6 entrees
+1   spinach stew: neither stewy, nor spinachy
+2   seafood kabobs, in wisconsin
+1   spacey sweet staff
Kabul is a nice joint when you're looking for Middle Eastern food. They usually have two or three dishes which can be made vegan with simple fixes. One of their dishes is a wonderful mixture of herbs, spices, chickpeas and spinach. Portion sizes are good and prices are reasonable, in the $9-12 range. They also have excellent hummus and pita bread. If they had more vegan options, I'd give them a higher rating.
Apparently my mother has never eaten Afghani/Mediterranean food. Weird, huh? So I took her to Kabul. 

I was surprised after looking at the menu to find that the appetizers cost the same price as the entrees. My first thought was: Better be large apps! My second thought was: It's unfortunate that Kabul doesn't cater to the surrounding college students by providing at least a few cheap options on the menu.  

I got my mother the hummus app plate and I had a bowl of their lentil soup. The hummus plate WAS huge. The two of us weren't even able to finish it. It was tasty and now my mom knows she likes hummus. Cool! 

My lentil soup was pretty good, but I had to get out of my seat to ask the waitress to get me lime wedges. Then she brought thin slices of lime as you would put in your drink. I could even squeeze any juice into my soup and now it was coldish. Boo.

A-OK
I like Kabul's flatbread and chutney a lot. (Each table has two chutneys, roasted red pepper and cilantro.)  The salad dressing is very good, but the salad veggies are your conventional iceberg lettuce, bitter carrots, and mealy pink tomatoes that were probably shipped 2000 miles.  I usually order the salad anyway (since the only soup is non-vegetarian) and then dip the bread in the dressing.

Veggie entrees are in a separate section of the menu, so they are easy to find.  Some of Kabul's entrees are mediocre, but I *love love love* their veggie strudel (which is not on the menu but the never-changing "specials" board).  It is a spinach, feta, and mushroom streudel in a flaky phyllo dough crust, and it's topped with a spicy tomato sauce.  I also get cravings sometimes for their veggie ashak or their fasuliya, both mildly spicy veggie dishes served with yogurt sauce (though I remember thinking they were pretty hot when I was a teenager).  The entrees are all reasonably priced.

For dessert, try the firni!  It's great.
Went for lunch. Service was great. My lamb kabob was above average, but the Karayi Bara that my Dad ordered was amazing. The house soup was great too! Oh, and the chutneys were yummy, as well
Generally a better deal at the lunch hour. The soups and kabobs are well prepared and the price is reasonable. The service has generally been very good. Decor is a bit tired but homey and not distracting. Appetizers are fresh and quite good. 
4.5 stars.
Thankfully not any sort of snob atmosphere, just a good honest business run by people who care about good food quality.
I hadn't been to Kabul Restaurant since maybe 2003 or 2004, and I couldn't quite remember my previous experiences. After wandering down State Street during a recent visit, we decided the menu at Kabul looked suitable.

I like the feel of the place. The inside is relatively small and cozy with several booths, a few two-tops and other tables.

I ordered the ginger chicken. It was spicy and tasty enough, but I wasn't completely wowed by the dish. It came with a choice of salad or soup and flat bread. I opted for the soup, which was pretty good, and I enjoyed the bread which could be dipped in a cilantro or red pepper pimento sauce.

The service was OK, but not astounding. There was a point were I was in desperate need of water, and almost had to drink my boyfriend's water, but the server came around just in time.

Overall, I don't think I'd go out of my way to visit this restaurant the next time I'm in Madison. If you're at that end of State Street and you're looking for a good ethnic eatery, I'd suggest Buraka.
A friend of mine who is very familiar with Middle Eastern food was less than satisfied with Kabul, saying the food was not the real thing -- I suppose it isn't, but I've tried various dishes there and some of it is pretty interesting and tasty for what it is. I think that some of the dishes have been toned down or Americanized... Some of the items could've been spicier or might've been fusion dishes. However, their curry was pretty decent if I remember right (not quite spicy enough for me though), my guy likes their salmon, and they have reasonably priced lunch deals.

Service, however, isn't great as some other reviewers have mentioned -- It's pretty slow, so make sure you have plenty of time before coming in.
WHAT A JOKE this restaurant is.  No entree that a group of 4 ordered turned out to be authentic or even taste good.   I know Afghan food very well, cause i've grown up with it.

I was totally embarrased, and even tried to speak to the owner to give my piece of mind.  This person is a disgrace to the culture, and to himself for shortchanging you as a customer of your right to have authentic Afghan food which is very delicious.  The Afghan culture prides itself on great food, and is well known throughout the world.  

This establishment is horrible, and I even thought about picketting or opening up another restaurant to compete just to prove it's shittiness.
Great food with snappy service.  Lunch and dinner offers different selections, but both offer either soup or salad.  Order both since salad dressing is delicious and the soup is to die for.  Large enough entre portions to split.  Second time to eat here and I planning one more visit.  One thing for sure, don't miss the baked artichoke hearts with Parmesan cheese as a appetizer.  Not sure of the name, but also a must is the eggless, custard dessert with fresh blueberries, rasberries and strawberries. Can't wait to return.
While my first experience a few years ago was less than great....round two proved to be nearly perfect. 

Great service.  Outdoor seating on bustling state st creates great atmosphere.  Umbrellas shaded us from the intense sun.  reasonably priced wine- good selection.  

Out appetizer of stuffed artichokes was phenom.  We split the special which was a vegetarian pastry- feta, tomato, mushrooms in a phylo dough covered in tomato basil sauce.  Maybe it wasnt traditional afghan but it was DELICIOUS.  we also had pita with the two house dips and a delightful salad.

all around great meal.
You won't get a bad meal here, you won't get a great one.  If it were the only Afghan place in town I'd probably go occasionally, but there's another one I like better, Maza, right across the street.  Bottom line:  I wouldn't object if a friend wanted to eat here, but I'd never pick it myself.
More than one Vegetarian item on the  menu!  Yeah for choices!   Stopping by for lunch on our way back to Chicago, we ate on the State St. patio of Kabul restaurant.  There was a wait and unfortunately they wouldn't let us put our name on a list and walk around, so we waited.  It didn't take too long - so it was worth it!

I had the Vegetarian cous cous, which was nicely seasoned, a generous portion for the price ($7) and included a soup or salad.  We also shared a plate of the hummous appetizer - also good.  The soup offered is not a vegetarian soup though, it has chicken - be warned!  It'd be nice if there was a vegetarian based soup available to accompany the veggie entrees.  

Our server was attentive (actually, I think we had several servers, they all kept coming by and re-filling our waters, bringing more bread, etc.).  The owner/manager was also accommodating, adjusting the umbrellas to protect everyone from the sun.

BOTTOM LINE:  A good experience, lots of choices, generous portions and good prices.  I'd be happy to go back if I was in the area!
This place is simply delicious.  For lunch, they have this lamb dish with tomato, pepper, and onion with two poached eggs.  yum!   (though, you might ask them to take special care to make sure your eggs aren't overdone.)  For dinner, try Ginger Chicken (a curry).  More yum!
I can't say much about the food, neither can i remember much about it but sipping on the soup and suddenly this rock piece in my mouth... BLEH!!!!!
This place is a great restaurant.  It's not as good as Husnu's, next door, but it's still great.  The two restaurants actually have different menus.  Which works well, since there's also an Ethiopian restaurant between them and another Middle Eastern restaurant across the street.
  
I personally like the Lamb Curry, Kaftachalow and Moroccan Lemon Chicken.  The meat is great.  It's top quality, no gristle and very tender.  The sauces aren't over powering and are flavored just right to make the meat just amazing.

The vegetarian options are just as good.  The chef's here have a gift.  They work art with food.  The dishes look amazing and work on every level.

The service here is also very good.  So, good, infact that I once forgot to leave a tip for the waitress and promptly made a 20 minute walk in a blizzard to give a tip to our waitress.

I can't recommend this place enough.
"I was so much more impressed than I thought I was going to be."  -J

The food here was really mostly great.  Sambosas and Lamb Couscous were particularly delicious.  We walked away very full for a reasonable price, and the service was decent.  Also, they were repainting the in store "Take Out" sign - hooray for restaurant improvements!
Foods what you expect.  Average ambience.
Dear Kabul,

Give me the recipe for your soup. While you're at it, give me the recipe for your salad dressing too. I need bof'um.

I know I've neglected you. After visiting you at least once a week for four years, I just disappeared. I know it's hard. For you and me both.

I miss the spiced lentil soup with fresh herbs and yogurt. Nobody else doesn't it like you. I also miss that dill salad dressing that my roommate bought from you in bulk on a weekly basis and never shared. 

I look forward to receiving your recipe secrets by mail soon.

Love,
Annie

p.s. I hope that bad server with the glasses still works for you. He was an awful server, but really cool.
Dear Kabul,

You did not impress me at all.  I'm giving you 3 stars only because I'm such a lover of alfresco dining, and you offer that.  

The food was blend cause you forgot to use ANY spices.  The rice was not basmati, but pilaf....very disappointing.  

Please visit Kabul House in Rolling Meadows (Chicago area) and see what Afghan food should taste like.
I hate to write a negative review, but it has to be done. Over the weekend we were in Madison and decided to try Kabul Restaurant.  I am I big lover of Afganian food and I was very happy to see that Madison had an Afgan restaurant.  It's been a long time since I've been so disappointed by food.  Everything was very plain, didn't taste like Afgan food at all........Lamb tasted horrible, I don't think it was marinated prior to grilling.  Rice tasted just like something you get at Old Country Buffet.............
The only thing they have going to them is an out door seating and the service was pretty good. If you want to try an Afganian food, this is not the place.........
The food is absolutely awesome.  The service leaves a bit to be desired the food is worth it.
It had probably been 10 years since my last visit to Kabul. Warm spices floating down State Street on an idyllic summer's day brought me back. Sitting outside on their patio under the shade of an umbrella drinking Afgan iced tea (with light notes of cardamon) how could I not be happy? Throw a great lunch special (salads or soup come with your entree) and I'm a happy camper. I used several pieces of bread to mop of the delicious meat sauce I had covering my eggplant rounds. Substantial food that didn't make me feel too full - the perfect compliment to the beautiful day.
Kabul was delicious. I had the Fasuliya and was pleased as punch with it. Our server was pleasant, even if the host was a bit surly, and everyone left pleased with the meal. 

The only qualm we observed was that the food on the menu wasn't noted as being spicy hot, even though it was. This wasn't a problem for me, but my mother had problems appreciating her dish due to it's spiciness.
I really liked this restaurant...I had a particularly powerful experience while dining here, so much that I even took pictures of the meal and wrote a detailed blog post about the meal I had here.  People who are concerned about the war and terrorism plaguing Afghanistan may find my post somewhat interesting:

http://cazort.blogspot.com/2010/08/afghan-tea-afghan-food-and-afghanistan.html

I don't really have anything I can say about the authenticity of this place, because I haven't had much exposure to Afghan cuisine.  What I will say about the food here, it was simple, but very good.  This is not extraordinarily complex cuisine--a simple bean soup, I had a dish with rice, eggplant, and yogurt.  But everything was balanced, delicately spiced, and fresh.  The meal was just the right amount of food for me.  I ordered tea and the tea was outstanding--black tea with lots of cardamon.  The black tea was aromatic but smooth and I happily got a second cup.

Service was outstanding.  I can't think of another restaurant in which I've had better service lately, and to my knowledge, there was only a single waitress handling the whole place--a smallish restaurant, but fairly busy with the lunch crowd.  The waitress was courteous and attentive and the food was served promptly.

This restaurant was FAR above the average quality of restaurants I've sampled in the Madison area.  I would definitely come back here, although I'm also eager to try out other Afghan food, both in Madison and elsewhere.  I find the other low reviews puzzling.  I found the prices here to be very reasonable, especially given the good service and pleasant atmosphere.  I understand that it's possible this isn't the best or most authentic Afghan food out there (I'm not one to judge this, however, and I personally thought it was tasty and interesting, without judging authenticity), but the 1-star ratings seem baseless and unnecessarily negative.  Does someone have a bone to pick?
If you know the cuisine from the region, you will know that what this place offers is terrible and not representative of how fantastic it can and should be. I suppose when there's no competition/comparison nearby, it's easy to operate like Kabul does. Anyhow, the meat has been tough and chewy, the rice is the wrong type of rice. It should be long grain basmati, not the short, fat Uncle Ben's type. The flavor, the marinade used imparts an odd flavor, certainly not reflective of any dish I've ever had prepared by native Afghani's. I should probably add that I grew up eating Persian food, and have been to Persian and Afghani restaurants in Chicago, and Kabul just doesn't even come close. Oh, and the prices are unjustifiable... I've had far, far better at much more reasonable prices. Pass on this one... take it from someone who knows what they're talking about...
Pictures speak a thousand words. I was hesitant about how some of the items would come out after we ordered it but everything was really good. I will try to describe but we had but words will do no justice. We had no complaints from anybody at the table.

The burani was really good and the yogurt on top did a lot to complement the taste of the fried eggplant.

The qabuli was really excellent and probably the best item on the table. I wish I had ordered it so that I could have eaten more of it but I was only able to sample.

The lamb kabobs were perfectly grilled and the lamb didn't have that extra lamb flavor that I don't like. Grilled and still left moist and oh so tender.

The beef korma had a mixture of spices and veggies that was amazing, simply amazing.

The last dish I don't remember what it was called but it was super good too.  Thinking about it makes me hungry. 

This place explains why I'm fat.

The service here was phenomenal. We got there an hour or so before closing time but the server let us sit and relax a bit after the meal and was very polite and quick with the ordering and the serving.
Wonderful food. Our Ukranian server steered us to wonderful dishes, one of which was not on the menu, so be sure to ask!!
Stopped on a very cold, late, night the day after T-Day.  Asked about good places that might be open that night and they suggested this place as one possibility.  I gave them a call and they answered.  I re-checked the suggestion with reviews on Yelp and they were decent so we went.  I liked the ambiance of the place (warm and relaxing), and the smells were strong and excellent, the food was great.  The service was good as well.  I would recommend this place to visitors and residents.
Our first choice for having lunch was closed, so we reluctantly entered Kabul.  As it turned out, this warm restaurant was a great place for a hearty meal and quiet conversation on a cold November afternoon.  

The hummus we shared as an appetizer was decent, but a little watery.  The ambiance and deliciously tender lamb curry left an overall positive impression, though.  Total cost for three orders plus the hummus was $42.
I thought it was just ehhh, I had the veggie ashaak here  I wish it had a little more flavor... My coworkers enjoyed their dishes .. also when I was here there was a weird guy sitting alone ... there was some homeless guy getting arrested and he jumped outside  and started yelling inside and outside restaurant about a conspiracy theory ... I got a show with my dinner ...
While the service here was really nice, the food and flavor fell a bit flat.  My dinner date and I had the hummus, which was rather bland. We also had the Tunisian Stew and Kabobs neither of which were memorable.I was forced to put a large amount of spicy sauce in my dish to get some flavor. The food, admittedly, was not bad just lacked a certain spunk. There are probably a lot of other great places with the same type of food in Madison.
Mashawa and Lamb Kabobs.

That is all.
This was my first trip to an Afghan restaurant, so I can't speak to how it compares in that respect. I had chicken curry with couscous and I thought it was delicious. The chicken was perfectly cooked, not at all dry, and the curry and cous cous were tasty. My friend really enjoyed her meal as well, she had the lamb curry. My beer was awful but it wasn't anything they recommended, just something they keep in stock, so that's probably a matter of taste. The waitress was fabulous even if it took her a minute to notice us!
Portion is huge,quite pricey.  This place is just okay for me,would not go back.
I went there for Lunch. The portion of it is too small and pricy. the taste is just okay. We cant really read the waiter's writing on the check (only numbers). Really need an improvement
Full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian so I didn't try any of their meat dishes--and perhaps this makes me unable to rate the restaurant adequately--but the vegetarian dishes we had here were either bland or terrible. I have a few Afghan friends and have been to several really good Afghan restaurants in the Bay Area and NYC so I know delicious, creative vegetarian Afghan food is possible. Missing here was anything resembling the FRESH creamy, minty, pumpkin and eggplant dishes and fruity and spicy rice dishes I've known....Instead we got heavy, poorly flavored, canned tomato sauce concoctions ladled over what seemed to be food made out of canned spinach and canned green beans. I may be a vegetarian but that doesn't mean we don't have taste buds just like everybody else. 

What is up with all the terrible ethnic food on State street? How are they still in business? They're all either overpriced (see Himal Chuli) or just plain awful. I realize I'm spoiled after living in San Francisco, Portland, and NYC, but come on Midwest - you can do better than this.
I loved everything about this place.  They have outdoor dining which was perfect!!!!  Our waitress was awesome, very attentive and extremely nice!  The chutney/dipping sauces for the bread was DELICIOUS, I wanted to lick the cilantro stuff off of the plate.  I ordered the special that night which was a stuffed chicken with spinach and feta with a cranberry sauce and a side of couscous which was AMAZING.  My sister had the Moroccan chicken was was also FABULOUS!!!  I highly recommend this place.  Great food, great service and great wine!!!!
I miss going to this place now that I've graduated and moved away.  I used to go for their lunch specials because you'd still get the great food but for cheaper (though the portions were also smaller I believe).  The duck strudel is just delicious!!!  The Mashawa (soup) is so unique and memorable that I am attempting to make my own since I found a recipe online.  There was also some stuffed chicken entree that I used to get as well.  I'm sure many other dishes are great but I had a hard time not getting the duck strudel every single time I went!  I am not an expert in this type of cuisine, but even if it's not the best afgan/mediterranean food you've ever had, you will enjoy it!
Have been dozens of times and always get the same thing because the curry chicken is so delicious.  My husband always gets the lamb curry and loves it and my daughter can't get enough of the soup and salad.  Great fresh and slow cooked food.
If you're ever in Madison WI and find yourself on State Street looking for some good, Middle Eastern cuisine, skip this place.  The chicken is of the same quality and texture as McDonalds.  They try to cover up the poor quality of meet and produce with curry which only distracts you momentarily.

I had the ginger chicken and the Burani.  Not good, not awful.  Just....mehhh.  The beer I had from Turkey was good though :)  

Hope this helps.
When I was attending UW Madison (1996-2001) I ate here religiously.  They offer a great variety of vegetarian options and the food tastes different than anywhere else -  truly unique.  I remember the salad and their homemade house dressing even being so good, that I would purchase a container of it to go.  They also give you this flatbread with your meal and I love dipping it in everything - the dressing, the hummus, and the sauces from the entrees.  And you can buy a whole flatbread to go, which makes for an awesome pizza crust!
  
My recent visits to Kabul have been good, but something has changed since 1996-2001.  The salad used to be quite a bit larger, have cherry tomatoes, purple cabbage, carrot strips and the curry dressing was fluffy and rich.  Now the dressing seems watered down and the tomatoes are sliced and very cold (don't put your tomato's in the fridge or freezer!!!).  The hummus used to be outstanding and now it is a hit or miss (sometimes being very granular).  The entrees are still very good and I would love to visit this restaurant more often.  It's not terribly expensive either.  But I wonder if it's under new ownership or they've changed the cooks... or are they getting lazy? Cutting corners?

I don't eat the meat soup (Mashawa), but my parents who would visit me while in school did.  My mom loved it so much that she had to try and make it at home.  Went to Kabul about 4 times in 2011... recommended the soup to my meat eating friend the last time I was there and it looked extremely watered down.  Nothing like the way it did 10 years ago.

Please Kabul!!! Don't lose your integrity!  Return to the upstanding quality that was once something to really really brag about (******) and recommend to everyone.  I will still crave this restaurant until the day I die.
Service was just adequate with a very nice but strange waitress.

Food is also, again, just adequate.  Some dishes are good, others bland.  

Overall I probably won't go back; there are just too many better options in Madison.
How much can you love a restaurant? Read my review and you'll find out. 

From Texas, I made several trips to Wisconsin to trace my family history at the Wisconsin Historical Society. I fell in love with Madison from the instant I set foot there. State Street and the area felt like an old friend. I liked it so much, I had to move to Wisconsin. Couldn't find a job in Madison, so lived in Milwaukee, but made it into Madison for more research every chance I could, and ate at Kabul often. 

The first time I tried the mashawa soup, i thought I'd died and gone to heaven. I liked it so much, I had to find the recipe so I could make it myself. And have. i couldn't convince my husband how amazing this soup was until he tried it himself. And then begged me to make it. A little lamb, multiple types of beans and legumes like lentils, chickpeas and green and yellow split peas, a wonderfully hearty dill-flavored broth, and just a tiny bit of heat. Plus a dollop of yogurt sauce on top. It is the PERFECT food when it's cold outside. 

The service here can be hit or miss, but the food makes up for it. 

The Moroccan Lemon Chicken (although technically not Afghani?) is my favorite here. One day I had a friend join me for genealogy research, and I took her here for lunch (technically dinner, since we were eating so late), and she too was convinced of the awesomeness of Kabul. 

The day I had to leave Wisconsin, and the awesomeness of my old friends, State Street and Kabul, was a sad day for me. I'm planning another visit back as soon as Walker is removed from office, so I can celebrate.

If you happen to find yourself in Madison, do yourself a favor and stop in here.
Awesome restaurant, dearly miss the Mashawa soup now that I live in Colorado. Great food, awesome atmosphere for first dates and romantic evenings. Highly recommended!!
Stopped in today for the flat bread with chicken and it was delicious!  The yogurt sauce was just right and the chicken was also very tasty.  Before my meal came out, it was served with soup (forgot what the name was, Mashawa I think?) and the Afghan bread which were both so satisfying.  I also got a rosewater lemonade.  The server was friendly and I left the restaurant feeling full and satisfied.  Also, the prices were VERY reasonable.
Very limited vegetarian options, and the ones we ordered were less than average.  The green beans in my dish tasted like they were out of a can.  The hummus was very tasty, though, and the service was good and quick.
Everything was so good! The soup that comes as a side dish was really flavorful, with lentils and other grains and things at the bottom. I had the special: the duck strudel with puff pastry, wild rice, and shitaki mushrooms. Yes, it was as good as it sounds. 

Everything around the table was quality as well as quantity. We got the stuffed artichokes and the dumplings as an appetizer, and those were small, but good. The entrees packed the punch, they all came with bread and soup or salad!

This was my first experience with Afghan food, and I'd be nervous to try it again at another place, because it might not be as good!
Oh so good.  Get their spinach vegan dish.  The spices are all there and it tastes heavenly.  And the bread and chutneys that come with the dishes are just great.  It's a bit pricey for what I would consider something I that I can easily eat in one sitting, but very very good.
Really good salad... not so much on the hummus. If I wanted stewed green beans, I would have ordered them. You don't have to put them on top of my delicious chickpea spread.

Also please warm up your bread.
3 1/2 Stars***Decent entree. Had the lamb with spinach and rice. Really enjoyed it. The hummus was bland though. Service was better than expected. I ordered an extra rice to go, and was not charged. Nor was i charged for my club soda. 

Will return.
I like this place for lunch rather than dinner. I went for dinner once and was not impressed and it was a little expensive. Best part of lunch is the dressing on the small salads, the lentil soup and the flatbread.  On the tables they have yummy sauces you can add to your meal. They make the flatbread and it is delish! You can even buy some to go.
Okay. Three stars because I wasn't a fan of the food, but the service was great. I must also give credit to Kabul's attempt to offer genuine, authentic Afghan and Mediterranean food, thereby adding to Madison's collection of ethnic cuisines. Also, I must acknowledge that although I wasn't a fan of Kabul's food, the friends I went with really liked it.

So, I won't comment further on the food or recommend anything. I'll just let you know I've tried the Qabuli Murgh and a bit of the Burani. 

Just ask your waiter/waitress for a recommendation and get different dishes than the people you go to Kabul with so that you can at least try more variety if you end up not enjoying your own dish.
For vegetarians, the veggie strudel is a must. Fairly priced. Meals come with soup or salad (soup is not vegetarian) and it's not too noisy. One of my favorite restaurants in Madison and in the world!
Fun, well priced, and tasty. Solid eastern fare.
The food here is soooooooo good.  I ordered a vegetarian dish and words can not explain how good it was.  Enjoy!!!  Cheers!!!
This is my third visit.  Always good with fast, helpful service.  Varied ethnicity of clientele make for an international feel.  For me, that enhances the experience.  Now closed as it is being relocated to another building.
It's not everyday that one has the opportunity to eat Afghani food and have work pay for it. How could I not try this place out? 

So, I would trust your server if you have no clue as to what to order. If you've had Mediterranean or other middle eastern food, you'll probably be familiar with some of the options. 

I really stuffed myself and hobbled out of here with a full stomach and a smile on my face. I would definitely return and will try to bring my friends or coworkers next time.
My boyfriend and I fell in love with Afghani food in Bloomington, IN and since then it's been nearly impossible to find good aushak, or even mediocre aushak.

Well we found it. It's decent, but it doesn't hold a candle to Samira's. Oh well; the search continues.

Could be my fault as a vegetarian but it just didn't do it for me. Get that eggplant thing though. Not too shabby.
The food is lacking flavor. The Nile and Middle Eastern Cafe are the best in Madison for Middle Eastern food.
Went with some friends and we ordered stuff to share.  It was quite excellent.  The food is vaguely reminiscent of north Indian cuisine, but with a slightly different spice palate.  The only downside was the somewhat indifferent service and the low-quality ambience.
Like many places on State Street, Kabul has a nice outdoor patio and that's a huge plus. Given the area, service is pretty good, too. But the food is merely okay. I'm not a fan of the venerable American tradition of soup or salads being included in a meal. The reason being that most places just serve you a pretty mediocre soup or salad and roll the price into the cost of the food that you order. Kabul is no exception; although they had a pretty interesting curry dressing, the vegetables themselves were paltry and slightly bitter. My main dish of Qabuli Murgh tasted fine, but seemed more like a collection of assorted ingredients than any sort of cohesive dish. It was less than I was hoping for. Maybe other items are better.
I am definitely a fan of this place-the food is flavorful and all the dishes we had were very good.  I recommend the veggie pastry and the spinach stew.  However, the menus were filthy and they didn't have bread....apparently they make it each morning but today they ran out.  So we got hummus for a table of 5 people and each got a small piece of bread that may or may not have been from previous customer's bread baskets.  In this situation, the cooks should drive to the store to buy some....or offer a discount considering half of the dish is really missing.  After having no luck finding a place with pita, my Dad ended up running over to Potbelly's (we were desperate...that hummus was good!) for some bread.  That's just terrible!
First service is bad the server was rude so crowded
Salad is not tasteful food is not authentic afghan if you tasted real afghan food
Price OK but they add 18% gratuity tip but I swallowed b/c my in laws where with me, I don't think I will go again
Their curried vegetables are pretty bland.  I would definitely recommend Husnu's (right next door) over Kabul for any vegans.  The vegan food is tastier there, and you can always eat the soup or salad that comes with your meal. The salad dressing at Kabul has eggs in it, and when I went, they didn't have a vegan soup.  The service at Kabul was good, though.
Afghan food sounds like checking out. 3.5 stars for this place. First off this is located in a trendy college area and I would call it the hip strip. Out door seating is in front because the place is small. The place was dumpy but the smell was wonderful and the service was slow. The starter soup was awesome before  the lamb kabobs came. The kabobs were good but a little over cooked for me and the tangy yogurt was great with the lamb. This is worth checking out at least once. My friends liked what they had but I can't comment on that. The place filled up fast between 6:30 and 7:30 so people must like it. Just below is a south African joint that might be worth checking out.
Soup was pretty bland and not particularly flavorful. Both chicken and lamb dishes were equally unimpressive. Service was ok. The temperature inside was a bit uncomfortably hot. The whole experience just left me wishing I'd gone down the street and found something else.
The flat bread is fantastic and so is the hummus. Had the chicken curry with couscous. Not impressed by the curry but the chicken was fall-off-the bone. Staff not exceptional but it was the tail end of a busy friday night so I can understand.
The food here was great I tried the afghan tea twice and loved it. The place is small but the are moving across the street in a few weeks. I hope much space is there. Ohhhh and the bread is the best. I can't wait to go back. My friends and I really enjoyed our meal.
So glad i came here before they move in a few months. Just wanted to be able to say I've been to there original location.

Burani - The tanginess of the yogurt really pulled the flavors of the eggplant, tomatoes and beans together. Next time i want to try it with the meat sauce. Feel it would add a  whole extra level of flavor since it's basically sauteed eggplant with a tomato sauce with green beans with the veggie sauce.

Chicken salad- fresh crispy lettuce, well seasoned chicken. wish i have ordered extra. Good amount of grilled veggies. The curry cucumber dressing was refreshing but not strong in curry flavor. Good but misleading name.

Friendly service, Loved the lighting and atmosphere at night. Hope the new location will keep it going.
Glad I got in before it closed!
Can't wait until it's reopening further down state!
Flaming Kabob, disguised as a former 5 & Diner, has been open at this location for a little over two years. Why, then, hasn't anyone reviewed it? 

The staff was nice enough. The place was nearly empty at 1 pm on a Wednesday, yet service was remarkably slow. There were only two staff members in the front, but there were also only two other tables occupied while we were there. 

I admit, after being spoiled with the wonderful Mediterranean cuisine of Fattoush, this place left me disappointed and yearning for my favorite little hole in the wall joint. There were seven of us, so we got to sample an array of what Flaming Kabob has to offer. Here's a run down: 

Hits: 
The Tabbouleh salad was tasty. 
The rice, with golden raisins, was very moist and flavorful. 
Chicken kabob was spot on. 
The garlic sauce was good, but not as smooth as i've had other places. 
Tasty iced tea. (garden variety) 

Misses: 
Baba ghanoush lacked flavor. Consistency was good. 
Hummus could use more spice. 
Falafel was overdone, almost to the point of being charred, yet soggy in the middle. 
Spinach pie (spanakopita) was awful. Ricotta cheese and some odd spice that we couldn't name ruined this dish. 
Chicken kofta was an odd texture. It's ground chicken, but there's something else about it....
Pitas came straight from a bag. Come on guys, can't you do any better? 

And completely unrelated to the food.....the bathroom was out of toilet paper. Or seat covers. Or anything resembling a paper product that one might use after relieving themselves. 

Final verdict: Don't waste your time or money. The prices are higher than many similar places- $8-9 for a lunch plate, the service is really slow, and it just isn't that good.
I am going to have to disagree with the review below. I was here over the weekend and I thought the food and the service was excellent. 

  The waitress was very attentive to our needs. The manager/owner was very hospitable and checked in to make sure that everything was ok. I ordered a mixed meat platter that was ridiculously good.  I will definitely be back.
I will also have to agree with imran.  I can't let this place get a bad wrap for one unsatisfactory review.  This is by far my favorite middle eastern food in the valley.  I grew up on authentic arabic food and the flaming kabob tastes just as great as the food I remember eating growing up.  Their grape leaves (w/ lamb) are fantastic, love the hummus, garlic sauce is very potent and wonderful, the gyro plate as well as the chicken shwarma are A++.  And the filafel and tabouli are perfect.  I have turned many friends/acquaintances on to this restaurant and most of them are hooked too.  Definately give this place a try.  You wouldn't be disapointed.
This place is by far the best middle eastern restaurant in the valley. The rice is excellent and I think the selection of kabobs and meat dishes by far the best that I have had in arizona
The service could be better.  Much better.  We waited about 10 minutes before we were asked for our drink, which was at the same time we ordered our food.  The food was good.  Not excellent, but definitely good.  I don't think I would go back again just for the mere reason that there are other places to try.  I wasn't extremely impressed.
placed a take out order (2 gyro ''sandwiches'', chicken shwarma, hummus and some baklava)...got there to pick it up and it seemed like if there's more than 2 people eating there, the whole staff gets flustered and doesn't know what's going on.  Sat there waiting for 15 minutes (even though my order was done and waiting) until they took care of the eat-in diners.  Long story short: crappy service BUT awesome food.  The gyros were stuffed to the max, the chicken was cooked perfectly, the hummus was bomb, and the baklava was a great ending.  I'll definitely go back, but it will always be a take-out scenario, because again, the service seemed to suck.
I agree with most of the other reviews about this place.  The food is ok at best and the service is a complete cluster fuq.  The value of the food is ok because they give you a decent amount for the price.  It is all just a bit dry and bland.  The service is very helpful and apologetic when something goes wrong, but it really doesn't help because everything was slow.  You almost feel bad because they are very nice, but really don't know what is going on.

The absolute best part of going here was that the establishment was an old 5 & Diner that went out of business.  It was a trip seeing all of the 5 & Diner decor but now with Mediterranean music being played in the background and people eating hummus at the milk shake counter.

All-in-all I'm glad I went there to try it out, but probably won't go back.
I stumbled across this place by accident with a co worker of mine. I noticed it had a fifties vibe but was names flaming kabob. I had to try it. I am a sucker for Arabic food. I was married to an Arab so I know great Arabic food. I actually love to find little holes in the wall like this and be pleasantly surprised. The service is nothing to write home about, but it wasn't bad. The prices were good. I ordered a shawarma sandwich and thought it was wonderful. I don't think I have had it that good in Phoenix yet. Maybe a fluke? Don't know, only been once so far. 

Some of the reviews below crack me up. Someone said the hummus needed spice? Um sorry, but hummus does not have spice it!! It's chickpeas, tahini, fresh garlic, salt, olive oil and lemon. I loved what I ate and if I am ever in the area again would definitely eat here.
If I had read these other reviewers review I would probley not come here but i had also stumbled in one day for lunch and thought the food was decent but my wife and i went last nite for dinner and had the baba ganough which was good(i make better) we split the mix grill which is pleanty for 2  and also ordered the falafels which i liked as well and we took a to go container home with enough for a nice snack. we were the only people there at the time ....8ish.....except for the owners family very nice folks but the kiddies were a bit rambunctious.
Very good, authentic Mediterranean fare. They also have great lunch specials - entire vegetarian platter (hummus, baba ganoush, tabouli and dolmades and two pitas) for $7.99, can't beat that! I also tried a few of their french fries and they were delicious!

Otherwise, it was a bit slow on the service but a nice place to eat. I will definitely go back here again!
The food here is simply disappointing, and leaves you feeling gross after you've eaten it.  It all tastes very processed, not fresh.  It may be inexpensive, but clearly you get what you paid for (or less).
Best Arabic/Middle Eastern food in the valley!!!  The portions are also HUGE and price very fair.  Everything is great, and I am picky so that says something about this place.  

The atmosphere is VERY casual, used to be a 5 and diner - obviously.

The service is great.  Even if it weren't, I wouldn't care because the food is great ;)
Flaming Kabob is one of the few things I miss about living in Mesa, AZ.  The BEST chicken kubideh I have ever had!  I just can't find anything to compare (even in the DC area where I now live).  I always got the rice instead of the french fries because it is sooo flavorful - tastes like they cook it with chicken stock and the golden raisins they add to it just makes it delish.  Upgrade to the greek salad for a $1.  The mango smoothie and hummus are also to die for!
I went here with a large group of friends from church.  They served us all the same meal and told us a little bit about the food that we had eaten. 

They served us a salad and pita bread with humus.  Both very tasty.  I love some good humus and good, this was.  For the main course, they served us rice with raisins, chicken kabob, and meat which was lamb and beef together.

They only had a couple of servers that evening, but I felt that they did a very good job of handling our large group.  It was very good, and I would definitely go back and try them again.
Best Mediterranean food I've found since moving here from Europe (yes, it's not abundant in AZ at all). Service was quick and friendly, and the serving sizes were huge. The Greek salad was amazing, and the gyros was the best.
The former 5 & Diner decor was a bit odd, but I suppose it doesn't matter with food this good.
Where to start. 

Me and my Fiance have been to this restaurant several times. She was on the hunt for a good vegetarian meal after her favorite place (Doobys) went out of business. 

The food here is mediocre. She never has been overly happy with the her meal. I usually get the chicken kabob, the chicken is tasty, however the other items in the meal are inconsistent (sometime I get tomatoes and peppers, sometimes just peppers, sometimes some lettuce, etc.) 

The biggest let down is the extremely sub-par service. The last time we went to eat here the waiter got both our orders wrong, and out drink order was not correct. There was only one waiter to service three small tables and two large groups, so being attended to was not timely. There were other employees behind the counter, but they would not help out. It was extremely frustrating. They tried to give us a free desert (that had been sitting in the display cabinet most likely all day.)Everytime we have eaten here it is the same old story about the service. We will not be patronizing this restaurant any longer and will find somewhere else that carries similar food.
My chicken was raw. I sent it back and it came back to me shriveled up and dried out. My friends meal was better but nothing to rave about. The staff was fantastic...but we wont be back.
The 50's diner decor is a little weird, but the service is good and the food is a good value and tasty.
Me and the family go here at least every 2 weeks to get some of their delicious Gyros, they have a gyro special every day and for the price you get plenty of food. very good service also, the decor is a little weird because this location used to be a 5 and diner, also if it's slow time of day it's really quiet in the place no music in the background so it feels kinda strange. but damn I love their gyros.
Had a coupon so I thought I'd give it a try.  Had a gyros sandwich with fries and a coke.  Gyros sandwich was very skimpy on the meat, the fries were garden variety frozen.  Luckily, they give you a pretty good serving of fries so you don't go hungry from the tiny gyros.  Maybe I'm used to the football size gyros you get when I lived in Chicago, but this was definitely nothing special.  Doubt if I'll return.
The food was excellent, fresh, plentiful and inexpensive.  The server was helpful as he thought we had never had middle eastern food.  We let him make suggestions anyway since he was trying to be sooooo helpful.
We had the chicken kabob sandwich with tabouli salad.  My friend had the gyro sandwich. Both were large and freshly made.  I think it's an amazing value so I don't know how a previous Yelper could say  that this is an expensive place.  The lamb dishes are well priced considering the cost of lamb meat and the size of the portions they serve.  As for the decor, this is clearly a former 5 and diner (50's decor)  but who cares.  As I frequently say in my reviews:  I don't eat decor, walls or tablecloths--Just the food!  Enjoy this restaurant.  Go there soon
This place has definitely gone downhill. I ordered the gyro and fries. The gyro was dry and tasteless and the fries were under cooked. We were served by the teenage daughter that had better things do to. The place itself was pretty dirty, I can only imagine what the kitchen is like. I wont be back. Good luck Flaming Kabob!
The lunch specials are divine and hummus is fresh and delicious. I like to get the $5.99 lunch special, the gyro with a side of salad and I usually ditch the pita bread. It's a good amount of food, with or without the pita to fill you up. They don't skimp on the sauce nor the meat. Service for me has always been fast.
Four stars base on the food alone. I thought the food was excellent and am looking forward to going back to try the gryos. 
I am not a fan of the restaurant. I think that the seating could be a lot more comfortable. The only option was a counter or booths. The table was a little sticky and I am sure it is because of the age. This place used to be a 5 & Diner. I wish they would remodel the inside so the restaurant was as good as the food. I will still go back!
I've eaten at this restaurant about four times.  I like it.  The food makes me miss living in Metro Detroit.  

Hits:

The fattoush salad is the best I've had in Arizona.

The hommous is a big hit with me and my friends.  Garlic sauce is perfect.

The price is just right for the quality of food and the amount served.

Take out is quick.

The workers are very nice.

Misses:

The temp in the restaurant tends to be a bit too warm.

The restaurant looks like it was one of those 60 style restaurants with the little radios at each booth and none of the decor was changed when the new restaurant took over.

The dinning area is a bit dirty.  It could benefit from a deep cleaning to make dinning in a little bit more comfortable.  I wouldn't want to go there on date.

The homemade desserts are missing.

Overall, I'll keep enjoying the fattoush and will soon try another location.  Give this place a try.
Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic!
Service: excellent, friendly, attentive
- the server was energetic, answered all of our questions, refilled our drinks and the sauces
Food: my tastebuds couldn't stop thanking me for coming here
- the different sauces were AMAZING, humus was good, salad had a little too much olive oil but still refreshing, the rice was so super I asked for more
- we ordered the meal for two and it was more than the two of us could handle (and I can EAT)
- the mixed plate had everything and we loved it all!
- they didn't have the rice pudding I wanted for dessert, but the baklava was divine
Price:
- very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food, the lunch specials look like a bargain

I absolutely recommend this place and will go back for more!
I have been to both locations now, and the falafel is excellent at both. I'm not a meat eater, but my boyfriend likes the shwarma, too. I LOVE the rice!!!  The owner is very friendly and always up for political banter. All in all, a good spot. Its not Haji Baba, but it's still pretty good.

The Mesa location is a little retro diner which doesn't quite fit the food they're serving
The owner and his family are wonderful people.  They make you feel at home and strive to please the customer.

We have eaten here many times and are always pleased.  You can't beat the price for the dinner for 2 combo meal.  

The chicken and rice soup is really good and my daughter LOVES it.

I love the baba ganoush at Flaming Kabob the most! 

The fattoush salad is fantastic!
Homemade from scratch, the BEST! I wanna lick my plate everytime
My wife and I had a craving for Middle Eastern food. I checked on Yelp and found this place where our friends could meet us halfway. They bailed, but we went ahead and enjoyed a delicious meal. 
It was a bit strange to be eating in an old 5 and Diner restaurant. None of the ambiance was changed except for the addition of the TV and water pipes lining the wall. We were there for the food.
We started off with the Baba Ghannoughe. The pit bread was okay and the Baba Ghannoughe was oily but edible. 
My wife ordered a cup of Lintel soup with her Chicken Sharawma sandwich. The soup was excellent and she ordered a bowl to go which looked like a cup instead of a bowl. 
Her sandwich was okay...we got spoiled at Sabuddy when it was in Tempe and and then in Scottsdale, their sandwich was in the pocket of the pita bread and not wrapped like a burrito.
I ordered the Shish Kafta which was 3 pieces of ground beef and lamb char-broiled with a side of onions & tomato and white rice topped with currant raisins. The meat was cooked just right...firm & flavorful and the rice was okay. It's a good thing I didn't eat lunch 'cause there were good portions on my plate.
We topped it off with Baklava...mmmm...so good.
Awesome! Don't miss this restaurant.

The food is exceptional; the hummus is the best I've had outside of the middle east. The meat is always fresh and well cooked. If you're on a date, the two person mixed meat combo is a good choice to see what you like. If you're into Greek, their Gyros are always done perfectly, and their tzatziki is on point.

Prices are fair for dinner, low for lunch. I stop by at least once a week for the $6 gyro, fries, and drink combo. 

They are a family run business, and every interaction I've had with the owner has been great. He really cares about the quality of his food and how his customers feel.

Yes, the decor is off. They obviously bought a defunct 5 'n Diner and turned it into the Flaming Kabob. It makes no difference to me, I'm sure in time they will redecorate or relocate. Either way, I'll be there.
Had the gyro lunch plate, it was only ok. The tzatziki sauce was runny and there wasn't enough.
When you walk into this place, you get a feeling that you've just stepped into the Twilight Zone. Not because of the food or the service, but mainly because the restaurant looks like it used to be a 50s diner, but serves gyros and kebobs. The experience get weirder when you go to the bathroom where you for sure know this place used to be a 50s diner because it has the color scheme and poster still on the wall. But, let's get away from the awkward atmosphere and delve into the food. 

I feel that there is really not much of an option if you love the taste of kebobs and gyros in Mesa. I mean there is the Pita Jungle chains here and there, but this place is a mom and pop store that delivers some quality food with great service. I've tried the hummus, gyros plates, gyros wraps, shwarma chicken, and lamb shank here before. They were all good and kept me wanting to come back and try other items on the menu. This place really is perfect for yelp reviews because it's not a chain and is owned by a family. The servers have always been nice and friendly too! (always a plus)

Ps. I think you can get hookas here but I've never tried it before.
Have been coming here with friends for several years!  DELICIOUS and ridiculously affordable sandwich lunch specials around five bucks.  I always get the falafel sandwich and they let me substitute the tahini for tzatziki, my absolute favorite.  Mango smoothies are delicious and huge for the price.  Fries are thick-cut and yummy.  Lentil soup is also a great choice when you need something to warm your stomach up. 

Great atmosphere, clean place, convenient location on Baseline, and friendly service!  Come here, you won't be dissapointed!!
Let me begin by saying I *love* Middle Eastern food. I have tried many restaurants is search of great examples of this cuisine. Flaming Kabob serves excellent food from a family owned, local restaurant. 

This restaurant offers friendly, knowledgeable service and help navigating the menu. There was a lot of selection available for vegetarians including hummus, tabouli, stuffed grape leaves, moujadara, falafel, spanikopita and more. Of course lots of choices for the carnivores too.

We started with an appetizer of flaming cheese served with warm pita bread which was decadent and delicious. For my entree I tried the vegetable gayalla, a sort of stir fry of onion, green and orange peppers, mushrooms and carrots in a butter-garlic sauce. It came with a choice of two sides. I chose the lentil soup and the rice as my sides. Other sides included Greek salad and french fries.

The lentil soup was good but not exceptional. 

The rice was a moist and flavorful outstanding pilaf with golden raisins and slivered almonds. The gayalla was totally scrumptious. My dining companion, who is a meat eater, wished that she had ordered the same entree. I had been tempted to try several other items on the menu, but they were all items I had tasted before at other restaurants. I was very, very happy that I tried the new (to me) dish. 

Service is not speedy because everything is made fresh, but it's worth the wait. Drinks were refilled and servers checked on us frequently

As other reviewers have noted, the ambiance is a tad strange since the restaurant is housed in an old "5th & Diner" building, and still has the original diner booths and long counter, but with the addition of some hookahs. All I can say is: get over it and enjoy the food. Flaming Kabob is not at all close to my house, but next time I am in the area I will definitely return.
This place is amazing. Not only was the waiter friendly and quick to get my order, the Food WAS AMAZING. A little bit pricey, but you know what you are paying for when you take that first bite.
Super nice amazing place.. Unbeatable taste of Mediterranean food

I went to four different kabob resturants in Tempe and Mesa and i got an idea that kabob restaurants are all the same.. Same kind of food with slight differences in spices, quantity or may be the service
But when I went to the Flaming Kabob at Mesa location it was absolutly different.. the place is really awesome and the Combo plate was amazing specially the falafel and the rice. The lintel soup was really tastey..
Very good and quick service. I insist to meet the chef to tell my opinion and she was really nice and chearfull lady
Flamming Kabob will be my restaurant every time I have to come to Pheonix
The best Mediterranean food in the valley and the best owner. I got turned onto the Flaming Kabob from a work colleague who used them for catering and suggested I give them a shot. 

Now I cater lunches for work daily and kind of expect to be let down when you order a mass of food...not here! 

I always order the chicken kabobs, rice salad and hummus and it is amazing everytime! Khalil the owner is one of the nicest most accommodating people I have met. He makes his orders on time and is fair priced. Plus the food is delicious! 

If you are looking to support a local business and are in the mood for Mediterranean make sure you even go out of your way to go to the Flaming Kabob!
The bomb, The best Mediterranean food . he place is really awesome and the Combo plate was amazing specially the falafel and the rice. Let me begin by saying I *love* Middle Eastern food. I have tried many restaurants is search of great examples of this cuisine. Flaming Kabob serves excellent food from a family owned, local restaurant. When you walk into this place, you get a feeling that you've just stepped into the Twilight Zone. Not because of the food or the service, This restaurant offers friendly, knowledgeable service and help navigating the menu. There was a lot of selection available for vegetarians including hummus, tabouli, stuffed grape leaves, moujadara, falafel, spanikopita and more. Come here, you won't be dissapointed!!
This place is GREAT if you know what you want.

DO NOT DO DELIVERY.... The guy sat outside our house for 15 minutes just standing around. We had to go outside ask him if he was from the restaurant. No call, no knock, nothing. He just stood at his car. If one of us hadn't peaked outside who knows how long we would have waited..

Ok, that aside...the Gyros are delicious! The hummus is some of the best I've had (make sure you ask for pita bread). The "Flaming Kabob's Combo For Two" is a really good want to try the food out the first time, that is what we did. You get a bit of everything. It's a lot of food for $25.00. 

We always call in and pick up the food and its ready within 15 mins. Always hot and delicious!
I ordered the Gyro combo with fries. Gyro had a wierd taste to it that it almost tasting like Clorox for some reason. I dont know if the smell got into what the cook was making or if it was close to the grill. Whatever it was, I didn't finish it and I'm a big guy.

The fries are frozen. No effort to even buy real potatoes, peel, and deep fry. They were underdone as well.

For $7 I guess I should not complain to much but that place but another place down the street for $8 is fantastic and will always choose the other place. At least I tried it for you so you don't have to. I'm sure it's a family place and they are really nice as other reviewers have stated but this place will not last if they can get a gyro out in 2 minutes flat with fries. More effort is needed for fresh ingredients and fresh cut fries.
Great all around. Reasonably priced. Family owned. Nice place to take someone who has never had middle eastern food.  All the meats are spiced very nicely.  I've been twice. The combo for two is a good place to start.  Second time I had the chicken Shwarma which was excellent.
Just had lunch here last week and it was delish! You can't beat the lunch specials for $5.99! We had the gyro and my mom had the rice with hers, I went with fries. I made the better of the choice but the rice just wasn't my style. She liked it. The waiter was a cute friendly young guy. Couldn't have been nicer. I wasn't overly blown away by the tsaziki but it was decent. I will totally go back to try other food items and I'd recommend this place to friends who love Mediterranean food.
Another Detroit/Dearborn transplant here in search of that elusive good middle eastern food in a sea of tacos,chimi's chipolte...
I think i finally found it in Flaming Kabob..
After being disappointed by Haji Baba's food (the store is preemo) i did a standard search and came across Flaming K.
i ordered chicken kabob..the garlic sauce was soooo good..chicken was tender perfectly seasoned ..
I cant wait to go back and try everything else.
If you're looking for wonderful Mediterranean food, this is the perfect place to stop. I've lived in the area my whole life and can remember the Diner that was there first (so to the person that commented on their look, that's what it's from).

My best friend and I consider this our place. When we meet for a meal, it's usually there. The staff is very friendly and know us as soon as we walk in. The service is quick and we have never had a problem with the taste/temperature/size/ect. of the food.

Favorite menu items: Hummus (two girls splitting the large is usually our way to go).
Chicken Lemon Rice Soup (I stock up when I'm sick).
Chicken Shawarma (one of the best places I've had it in the state). 

I urge you to try the food if it's your type of restaurant, and if it's not, I recommend it anyway to step outside your comfort zone.
Thanks to Yelpers, we took the leap and had lunch here.  I'd seen it before...  bright, shiny and  looking conspicuously like a former Five-and-Diner on Baseline.  I'll admit, the exterior was a bit off-putting but Yelpers inspired me to give it a shot and I'm glad we did.  

As mentioned in other reviews, the lunch prices can't be beat.  The hummus was fantastic - strong tahini and lemon flavors.  The falafel most certainly is not from a mix (or if it is, I'm betting it's in a language I can read nor speak).  The rice is uber simple but fantastic.  I don't know why.  Perhaps they ground up fairies?  

Fairy dust or no, we'll definitely be back.
Went there specifically for the lamb kabobs that my hubby adores.  Out of lamb, you say? A middle-eastern restaurant called Flaming Kabobs out of lamb?  Out of lamb you say?  Am I to believe that I drove.... miles (I don't want to say how far I drove to get hubby's lamb!)  and you DON'T have lamb?  Yes. I understand now.  You DON"T have lamb!  
Hubby had to choose beef kabobs (which I could make at home).  Asked for them bloody-----not rare---bloody!  Plentiful kabob dish came out and when he cut into them they were medium, only one or two pieces were rare.  That's two disappointments in one evening.  Hubby, kept silent (he is the strong, silent type) and ate.  He made the best of his over-cooked kabobs, but then again most people eat them medium or medium rare so the cooks were not skilled in preparing kabobs according to HIS palate.  He had a very good salad with it,  some pretty good rice (although I think it is converted rice and not real rice) and plenty of warm pita.  I ordered a small vegetarian appetizer that was delicious and they gave me more than enough pita to clean my plate of the vegetarian delights.  
So all in all they had two strikes against them--no lamb and overcooked beef kabobs (I will ignore the converted/minute rice).  That means that I have to deduct two stars from 5 leaving 3.  But as you can see, I gave them 4 stars-- one additional star for the lovely young lady who waited on us.
Could you please buy some lamb for your customers?  Thank you.
Ate here last August, 2012. Deeeelicious!!!! But the restaurant itself is a little gross. I think it used to be a 5 N Diner- so all the booths, window sills, etc are greasy and disgusting. Place just needs to clean up. But the hummus was fantabulous!! Yummy pita bread. Kabobs were delish too. Would eat it again... but probably get takeout ;)
Awesome catering too!!
I have done both dine in and take out here many times. Really excellent gyros, kibbee and hummus. We always get the appetizer combo and gyros. Last time got lamb and kabobs, which were great. Part of the reason we usually do  takeout here is the atmosphere is odd and the service slow. Someone mentioned how hot it is inside, and I agree. The interior is an old five and diner.  The standout for me here is the kibbbee which is very flavorful and crispy. Gyros are great too. Lamb and beef kabobs are very good. Overall excellent food.
How come it isn't in Trip Advisor? Excellent shawarma, and, surprise, the "flan", a southamerican desert, is the best in the valley.

Great service, lovely super fresh, just made, food.
Flaming Kabob has an unusual look to it but don't judge a book by its cover. A 1950's look throughout the restaurant, the food has what it takes for you to come back.I wanted to try some dishes to see what my pallet would like. I had Baba Ghannouge ,which was tasty. Falafel  which was hard on the outside but moist and flavorful on the inside.Chicken Shawarma in a pita bread with tomato and a garlic sauce.My favorite thing of the meal. My wife had  Maza combo. The only thing in the combo that was her least favorite was the Tabbouil. Thw waitress was friendly and helped us out on what to order. If you like Mediterranean food I recommend a visit.
Flaming Kabob is Flaming Ka-Awesome.  My girlfriend kept saying she wanted to try this place and we drive by it all the time so tonight we finally did.  We actually ordered it for take out so my review is based on food only.  The inside, however, was very clean and the gentleman who helped us was very polite and friendly.  I had the chicken kabobs with rice and lentil soup and an order of the vegetarian grape leaves.  It was way more food than I could eat and I'm very pleased about this because I will have an awesome lunch tomorrow.  The chicken kabobs were spot on, grilled nicely and tender.  I topped the chicken with a little of their yogurt tzatziki and it was wonderful.  The rice was cooked perfectly and I really enjoyed the combination of spices in it.  There is actually a few raisins in it, too, which I liked.  The lentil soup was very good and all around my meal was just really enjoyable.  My girlfriend had the chicken kabobs as well, with rice, but she got a salad instead of soup.  She loved her meal as well and we are fans.
Good: The gyros are really good! Ever since moving here from California I've been attempting to find a place to replace Farmer Boys for my gyro fix. This place measures quite high in that regard. I usually get two of them just for myself because they are that good. The waitresses are really nice and friendly, and the waiters can be quite comical at times. I've met the owner before and he was a really cool guy.

Bad: The look of the store can use improvement. I'm fairly certain that this location used to be a Five & Dinner, and it is virtually unchanged. They've added an awesome assortment of hookahs and a big camel sculpture inside, but it doesn't do much to improve the atmosphere unfortunately. 

Other Thoughts: I don't typically order anything other than the gyros, so I can't really comment much on the other foods. My girlfriend says the kabob skewers are hit or miss depending on who is preparing them.
I've driven past Flaming Kabob a lot in my new neighborhood and the diner exterior definitely makes me laugh...but I laugh at a lot. I've never been inside there but I've ordered delivery from them 3 times now and each time I've been very pleased. My favorite is the Gyro Sandwich. It is ridiculous good!! The hummus and falafel and pita bread are super tasty as well. The rice is good, raisins aren't my thing so I picked them out but I've really enjoyed eating here and will continue to do so. I will say that they take a bit too long on the delivery, last time they called me to say they didn't have the soda I ordered and by the time they called me the food was already supposed to be here, and then there GPS took them to the wrong place but it was pouring rain so I forgave them. The food REALLY makes up for it and I will definitely be going back!
BEST mediterranean in the east valley!!
Fantastic food! The owner and his children are very friendly. They treat you as family right off of the bat. 
We have been going there for 5 years and have no intentions of stopping. The food is authentic and excellent! Try it.
We searched our area for a place to go to dinner.. The 4 stars made the decision... So the Food was okay, not great- slightly burnt taste on everything.  The menus and restaurant were dirty ... But then the service.... Basically sucked. First we go to order our entrees- out of the four or five different dishes they had available. Finally get to something they do have. Should have left. We finished eating and sat there for at least ten minutes, employees everywhere, I proceeded to wave my arms in the air for at least a minute,started clapping until someone was kind enough to walk ten steps to see what kind of emergency was taking place. Get the check. Finally. 50 bucks for two dinners and hummus. Look over while signing the check, big booger on the wall next to me, nice. Won't be going back.
From the Greek salad to the Shish kabob they have excellent food and the pricing
I am at this place at least 3 days a week for lunch
I gave the restaurant 2 stars. The food was good (great Hummus) but this restaurant was FILTHY. We were their first guests of the day! Floors dirty. display case filthy. Booths unwiped. Crap everywhere....
I just ate here for dinner with my parents, this place is located in an old 50's Diner-style building, which makes for an interesting atmosphere when you add Hookas, Hummus & Kabobs to the mix.

The food is delicious & they offer some really great family meal-deals if you come with a larger group of people. There was 5 of us in our party & we ordered the "Flaming Kabob Family Banquet" for $49.99 you get so much food!! 3 shish kabobs, 3 chicken kabobs, Kafta, Shwarma, falafel, stuffed grape leaves, rice, a large salad, hummus & pita bread. We all went back for seconds and still had a whole meal to take home with us.

Food was delicious, large portions & reasonable priced!

Family owned & operated, the entire staff was so nice, great service! will definitely be back :)
5 stars for the friendly service and the chicken with garlic and cilantro entre.  This is my favorite craving lately, even more so because I've had a horrible cold, and this dish makes me feel so much better.  When I stopped in yesterday I also had some of the chicken lemon rice soup, which was the epitome of comfort food.  I'm surprised I'm not cured by now!  But, I'm definitely on the mend.  I wish I lived closer to either location because I would eat here weekly for sure.  Someday I'll actually try a kabob or a gyro, but for now it's the garlic and cilantro chicken dish all the way.  The flavors blend together so well, and the last time I had this dish, I put the leftovers in the back of the fridge for a couple of days, and it got even better!  Highly recommend.  It may seem a little steep at $15.99 to others, but the quality is definitely first rate, and I can get 3 meals out of it.
We have been to this restaurant before.  Prices are reasonable and food is good.  Tonight our experience was frustrating.  We brought our 2 year old daughter and when ordering her meal (which includes a drink) we were told they were out of milk.  I asked for juice instead and was told that wasn't included. I asked what was nod he said soda....well she is two so that was out of the question.  I ordered her an apple juice.  When we got the bill it seemed really high to me.  Well we were charged $3.75 for the apple juice!!!! I'm sorry but this is outrageous.  The waiter also took it upon himself to add on his tip and not tell us.  We were only a party of four, there was no need to include the tip.  I will be calling in the morning to speak to the owner.
It was so great to find a delicious Mediterranean Restaurant in this area! The food was great, as good as in Turkey.  The service was excellent and all very friendly.
Everything we tried ( the combo plate) was excellent and way to much for 2 people.
We'll certainly be back.
The hummus is to die for, the lunch gyro and fries is the best.  I've been going here since a little after they opened and the owner is a great guy, the staff it friendly, and the food is always top notch.
I have had SO MANY wonderful experiences at this restaurant that I had to write a review. My wife and I love to go here for some delicious middle eastern cuisine. The servers are all very accommodating and nice. There is a young man who serves the tables most nights we're in and he is very pleasant at his job. We always get the Flaming Kabob's Combo for Two and enjoy it immensely. The dinner includes: Shish kabob, chicken kabob, shish kafta, chicken shawarma, fried kibbee, falafel and grape leaves. Served with rice, hummus and salad.

A few notes: the rice is AMAZING! It has golden raisins and almond slivers in it. So incredibly good! The hummus is delicious, and I recommend the meat cooked Medium/Medium Well with the exceptions of the fried kibbees (get those well done).

The ambiance is fun, an old 5 & Diner converted into a Middle Eastern Cuisine restaurant. There is a TV on one wall that constantly has a TBS movie on it, which adds to a fun setting. TBS always has some sort of decent background movie on. 

All in all, I am a big fan of this place. Very clean, very affordable, and VERY delicious! Enjoy!
Ate here last night, just about finished my dinner when a roach crawled on my table. Dirty
I did not care for the service or food.  The babageneish did not taste right to me,  they ran out of grape leaves, after I  ordered a shawarma they came back and said they had none. My wife liked her Greek salad, it was big.  She ordered something with lamb but they had none of that either.  I ended up getting a kabob gyro but 2 of the chunks of meat in it were too tough to cut much less try to bite. The best part was getting the check so we could leave.
The Flaming Kabob is sooooo good. I've been here about 5 times and it's always perfect. I love everything I've tried. The portions are way big so you'll never leave hungry. The staff is nice and helpful and the restaurant is clean. YAY I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
Flaming Kabob is an awesome option for Mediterranean food in the Mesa area. 

Portion sizes are no joke here. The hummus appetizer is a huge platter of hummus, along with lots of pita bread. I ordered a gyro lunch combo, which got me the large wrap and a side salad which I'm pretty sure was actually a full size salad. My friend ordered the gyro plate platter, which is easily enough for two meals. 

Prices are very good as well, considering how much food you're getting. Seriously, we're talking about a lot of food. I peeked at another table that got some combo meal (I think it's one of the ones that's labeled for two people, but its easily for four largish people). 

I can't get over how much food they give you for the price. So if you're looking for a lot of food, this is probably the place to go.
We were here the first time ... Incredible food and lots of it .. We enjoyed it and I think we are going to have left overs would last another five meals
Food was good BUT the place was so filthy that I lost my appetite. It's an old 5 & diner restaurant, they haven't redecorated one ounce. You can literally scrape the dirt and grime off of the chairs, floor and walls. I can't imagine what the kitchen must look like!
Best mediterranean food in the east valley. I have tried at least half of the menu and haven't found something I don't like.
The hummus is fantastic, the meat is always perfectly cooked and everything is full of flavor. I find myself craving it a lot and wish I could eat here more often.
I wish I could give it 5 stars and i would if it was solely based on the food alone. However, because of the service and decor needs a little bit of improvement, I'm only giving it 4 stars.
We always get the same server and he is very nice, but seems like he just doesn't want to be there. He could be just a little more attentive.
The building is an old five and diner, which is ok, but it needs a little bit of updating and would benefit from a more thorough cleaning. 
If you are the owner reading this, please, please, please fix up the interior just a little bit. I'm afraid a lot of people are turned away because of it and I would be so incredibly sad if this place were to close.
Tried this place because of the reviews.  They are not wrong the food was great.  And the service was very friendly and quick.  Will be back.
This was a perfect start to a night that went on to include a Feist concert just down the street.  

I had Fantastic kabuli murgh chicken in brown rice with raisins and almonds.  The food was perfect for me fitting my healthy choosiness.  The other guests were big fans of the sambosa appetizer which was like a better Indian samosa.

And what?- They have my favorite German beer Optimator?  Are you kidding? YES!
Fantastic food!
I've eaten here a couple of times and never been disappointed. 
Very cozy tables outside in the summer. 
Try the Lamb Kabuli Pulao...delishhhhhhhhhh
They have pretty good food and the price is about state-street-average (places outside of downtown is about $1-3 cheaper).  The service is medium--a bit slow. I'm now sure of the "bread" policy for Afghanistan food.  I mean, when you go to Italian restaurants, theoretically, they'll supply you dinner bread before your entree as much as you want. Here, there's a limit and it is quite little. They charge you afterwards.

The food is pretty good though.
Given the proximity to other very similar restaurants on this block, pick the other restaurants over this one.  Owned by the kids of Kabul (across the street), Maza is just a mediocre version of Kabul and only $1-3 cheaper.  The service was terrible (though I went only a month or two after it opened, so that may have improved), they charge for a very small amount of bread, which is a bummer when you have a larger group of people, and the food is pretty average.  If you are in the mood for this kind of food, go across the street to Kabul where the food is reliably very delicious.
I wasn't very impressed with Maza's food.  The pasta in the soup I had was really overcooked, and the kinda-bland, muddy-flavored entree didn't nearly compare to those at Kabul across the street.  Maybe they've gotten better since they opened, but there are too many excellent restaurants on State St. to choose from so it will be a while before I try it again.
Afghan-style kebabs:  chicken, beef or eggplant.  No lamb or goat (BUMMER!)  The beef kabob offerings looked more interesting than the chicken, but I'm allergic to beef.  The chicken kabobs were not as interesting as I'd hoped, but they were good.  I would have liked dark, slightly oily, slightly stringy chicken better.  This was good-quality white chicken breast.  The salad and chopped tomato/onion/cucumber relish were both great, though.
Very good place to drop by for lunch. Prices are reasonable and portions are ok. I wouldn't go there for kabobs if I was starving. Cashier was very friendly and gave me a free drink for being a UNLV student (no idea if it was an official student discount they offer).

I ended up ordering the chicken kabob plate. It was good, but I was expecting something more juicy and tender. Still, I liked it. The beef kabobs are probably much better. I'm going to have to drop by again to try the gyros.
Food was good. Flavorful sauces, spices, and rice. Staff is arrogant. For example, we have been to the restaurant a couple times so they know us, last time I had a cast on leg, my friend and I were the only ones in there, we asked if he would bring the food tray over to us, he would not. That was both rude and odd. I guess its a cultural thing.
We just arrived at our hotel in Vegas and I was looking for a good Kabob house so I can order to go for a nice dinner for 4 at our cozy hotel.

Rating Summary::
- 4 Stars, For Vegas Standards: Yay, I'm A Fan
- 3 Stars, Compared to SoCal Kabob Houses (Zankou, Kabob Exp, Open Sesame): Just A-OK


I order 4 items and mixed it up a bit so we can try all the meats:
- Plate 1: Chicken Breast and Beef Tika Kabobs
- Plate 2: Chicken Breast and Kofta (ground beef) Kabobs
- Plate 3: Chicken Breast Kabobs, side dish
- Plate 4: Beef Gyro Wrap
- Sides: Salad and Bread

Summary of Plates Eaten: [see pictures]
- Plate 1: Chicken (too dry) Beef Tika (good taste, little chewy)
- Plate 2: Chicken (dry, bland) and Kofta (good taste)
- Plate 3: Chicken Breast, side dish (my boy liked it, finished it)
- Plate 4: Beef Gyro Wrap (my boy liked it, finished it)
- Sides: Salad (need to get used to the dressing) and Bread (good eats)

Did I forget the hummus and tahini? I'll ask about it next time.

We'll be back in October to give it another try and see if the meats are still cooked the same way. Hopefully the chicken shish kebabs will be a bit bigger with more seasoning so it won't be so dry and bland.

-FM
We came in here because we were shopping nearby, and glad we did. The prices were reasonable, the service friendly, and the food really great. We both had the beef tikka kabob platter and it was amazing. Some of the best hummus too! Clean dining room and welcoming atmosphere. I would definitely come here again.
I really enjoy this place. The chicken and steak are well seasoned. The rice is full of flavor. Great portion sizes.
Excellent food, amazing service! I ordered the Chicken & Beef plate, it was so good with their special green sauce..hummus is also great! highley recommended!
This place is my new boom. Their kabobs are seasoned and grilled to perfection, tantalizing the taste buds with every bite. The great portion sizes are suitable for two, which makes sharing a plate ideal. I pass this restaurant frequently but am glad I actually stopped this time
As an Iranian, I say that the lamb, beef and chicken Kabobs are very good. But Koobideh (Kiftah) kabob is just beef which is not the Iranian style. They use their special spice in kabobs which I liked, but it depends on your taste. It is a very clean place with very respectful owner. The sandwiches are good, but not so special. The food is Halal. I will come back for the kabobs on my next Vegas trip.
The food is delicious, and the owner (who is usually working the register) is polite and courteous.  Kabob Express was the first place I've ever tried kabobs (or Afghani food in general), and I've been addicted ever since.  

I've tried the chicken breast plate and beef plate, along with the one that comes with both.  Both were delicious, but I think I prefer the chicken.  Been to the place a couple times already, and it never ceases to disappoint.
For a place called express this place is slow as molasses. I got a combo plate with Kafta and chicken and my buddy a chicken wrap. Took almost 30 minutes to get out food and this was with the place mostly empty at 8pm on a thursday.

The food was very good when we got it but the wait was just too much to overcome.
Love this restaurant and feel compelled to visit it when I am in the neighborhood.  Khalid the owner is very personable and I like the fact that he shares his Kabul heritage if you care to ask. 
The food obviously is cooked from scratch.  So, be very patient, because it is well worth the wait -- especially because the prices are so extremely reasonable.  It is not really "fast food," it truly is a home-cooked meal with quality ingredients.

Addendum, updated 06/03/2012:
I went there again today and once again the food was simply amazing!  The care that is taken to cook AFTER it is ordered.  Everything is made like your Great Aunt would do it if, of course, she was from Kabul, Afghanistan and if she was following cherished family recipes and if she were using only the finest ingredients.  Just taste the rice and you will know what I mean.  Then try any of the expertly spiced and prepared meats.  You will be hooked.

Khalid was not there this afternoon but Tommie was and he was just as gracious. 

I go to Kabob Express when I want a great meal for an incredible price and when I want to impress a friends or family.  It truly is a bonus that the prices are so low.
Good food...
I stopped by here for lunch from a conference and loved it!!!!

staff was friendly and the food good, a little bit of a longer wait, but definitely worth it.

Definitely coming back when I hit Vegas again.
Ordered for one of my co workers birthday who picked this place. We were the first order of the day and it took them forever to get the food done (an hour). By the time we got the food it was cold. The order was not complete, meaning they didn't fulfill all requests per order. 

The food was bland, dry and just less than mediocre.. 
I can't really say much more.. We all had the chicken kabobs combo..
So a few years ago I went to a party and had these Kabobs, not like the ones you put on the grill with some onions and pepers some REAL  kabobs!  OMG these were so good they have been in the back of my mind thinking about them for years now.  I FOUND THEM they are around but searching yelp for someplace different on the way home I ran across this place.  Let me just say I'm a pretty happy girl.

I had a hard time deciding between the Gyro and the Kafta Kabob because like I said I had this at a party so I didn't know the name.  So I asked the front guy (I think he might have been one of he owners NICE guy) which he thought I should have, he said the Kafta kabob had more seasoning and flavor, who's going to argue with that, right?  So it comes with a small salad, a kind of pico salsa, lots of seasoned rice and a pita, Kabob oh and a mild hot sauce (very good).  The salad was fresh no icky pieces, nice.  A kind of pico salsa had a bite or two but didn't want to waste space for the main coarse.  The Pita was lightly buttered I believe with maybe a bit of garlic? not sure on that one but it was lightly grilled just slightly browned on the edges and oh so nice.  The rice Mmmm seasoned fresh long grain Mmmmm I took a bite with every bite of kabob so it left a lot less room for anything.  So onto the Kafta Kabobs Oh My this is a blend of beef and just a tiny bit of lamb for flavor a lot of people stay away form lamb because it is quite a strong flavor but you have to trust me on this one and try the blend it is light and adds so much to it, I loved it.  There is many others seasons but come on I'm not that good ;) 

Sooo years after my kabob experience I have found it, the one.  

The decor is nice it is mellow you can watch the variety of people walk by.  The wait wasn't bad it is a small restaurant btw so if its packed and you don't have time you might want to move on (waited 8 minutes) but if you want food that takes time to taste good then wait.

BTW again I had leftovers big portions and they have a yelp offer check in and get a free soft drink. 

I will be back for sure...
Great gyros, but the lamb and rice is to die for. Prices are reasonable and the service is great.
The Kabob Express is in a satellite section of a Mall anchored by a Marketon Grocery Store. Right on the southeast corner of Tropicana Avenue at Eastern Avenue. It is an unassuming place in the middle of this small strip area at the front corner of the entire Mall.

Libby and I went in and looked at the menu items up on the wall. We ask the Fellow at the counter a question or two, made our decisions, ordered, and paid. We took some of the plasticware and filled out drink cups. We took a nice table with a view of the parking area and the intersection.

I ordered a Number 5, Lamb Kabob Dinner and Libby a Number 3, Chicken Breast Kabob. I do agree that it took a while for our order to arrive. The Chef cooked each order separately in a very hot kitchen area. Two families were already eating, one table of two was waiting and then us. The interior was clean, spacious, and cool. It didn't bother us to wait but, I believe that this Express is really a "Local".

Our food arrived. Mine was a full plate of seven pieced of wonderfully cooked lamb. Cooked and browned well on the outside and medium rare within. The pieces were about 1.5" X 1.5 ". They were really nice sized chucks of juicy meat. There was also some romaine with a creamy dressing, seasoned rice, and a nice portion of tomato, onion, parsley salad that I usually call Israeli Salad. It was cold and flavorful.

Libby's chicken kabob dinner was just like mine with the exception of the chicken instead of lamb. The chicken pieces were a hair smaller than my lamb pieces. They were cooked nicely and had a yellow color that I believe was the addition of some turmeric to the chicken marinade. Her chicken was moist and done perfectly. The pita on each plate was about a 3" size, warm, flavorful, and soaked up a lot of sauce.

I had asked for some Maast Wa Khfar which is yogurt and cumber sauce. It is known in Greek as Tzatziki Sauce. It was cold and had a fine flavor that went well with my Lamb. With our dinner cam a small plastic cup of a green vinegar sauce that was like fire. I am still trying to find out what is in it other than "grated spices". So, beware of this "Green Dragon"  if you have a tender palate.

All in all this was a fine stop for us and a belly full of food for $20.00 bill. It was good enough that I ordered a pair of lamb kabobs and  container of the cucumber sauce to take home.

Give this place a try. the food is well worth it. Remember though, it is running on the "local" track and is definitely not an express train.

My FIVE STARS for the food.
I was in Vegas for a couple days and came across this place. Amazing delicious food. Highly reccommend.
Simply the best, can't lose with anything on this menu. But my personal fav is the chicken tandory kabob 2nd the kofta.
Kabob Express is a great spot for a quick healthier lunch. I usually get the chicken wrap, the combo comes with fries and a drink. The wrap is very flavorful, a little messy but very tasty. Make sure you get the hot sauce to go with it. I've still got the kabob and other meals in my list to try.
Love there chicken kabob. Rice quality is very good. Delicious healthy fast food.
This place is absolutely delicious! Probably the best kabobs hands down! I definitely recommend ANYONE AND EVERYONE to go here! The food was full of flavor and the kabobs were juicy and tender. This place is my go to place! I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND KABOB EXPESS!
Their chicken salad is very delicious.  What makes this is the yummy chicken skewer pieces, with great spices and it must be curry to make them a little yellow.  The dressings very good - the owner (I think) gave me three.  I was on my lunch hour and their were quick enough.  They have other items I would like to try - I want to come back.  Check it out!
Yummy quick lunch.
The lamb kabob is great this place is always a good pick for the lunch crowd highly recommended
Quick, not too pricey, and excellent quality.  Their rice is unbelivably good.  Salads too are off the hook!!!
Ordered food to-go. Man on the phone says 15 to 20 mins. Went there 20 mins later. Man says another 20 mins - rice is not cooked. Offers me French fries instead of rice. Price online on their website and store do not match. Needs updating. Took me total 40 mins to get food to-go.
Afghan place owned by an afghan person very nice
and warm person with descent quality Persian 
/ afghan food which is almost the same they have
Good food with descent price as well if you are in 
Vegas and you do not want to go to fancy dinner or lunch
this is a place to go
I decided to try this place because of the Yelp reviews and it was a very pleasant surprise. 

I was in the area and saw the check in offer. 

The place is pretty small and in a strip mall. You can't miss it though; the name is in 3 foot tall letters with a yellow background.

The dcor was nice and not overdone.

The owner was there and was really nice and cordial. I asked him what he likes and he said the lamb kabob was one of his favorites. And the green sauce that comes with it is one of his house specialties.

The lamb was perfectly seasoned and cooked nice and tender. I don't eat lamb the often and this was a really delicious treat! The sauce, wow, spicy but not too spicy. The kind that keeps you going back for more. 

Now let's talk about the rice. OMG, I honestly and not a huge fan of rice but this rice was deeeeliscious. it was long grain rice. I don't know what they put in it but damn. I ate all of it and would have eaten more if there was more on the plate until I was in a carb coma. I think they sprinkle the top with a mixture of cayenne and sumac.

The price was right too, I think I spent $13 including tip

I would definitely visit again!
Really yummy food!  I had the kafta kabob meal (about $9), which came with a load of rice, salad, and a pita bread.  The kabobs were spiced ground beef shaped into sausage-like bodies.  Paired with the accompanying sauce (tasted like cilantro?), the result was flavourful and fresh.  Tons of food and tasty.  The small but well-kept interior is cheery as is the staff.  My only quibble is that my meal took longer than expected for this "express" establishment (~15-20min....I was the 2nd to order out of 2!).  However, I'm willing to wait for made-to-order yumminess done right.  Great lunch place that doesn't break the bank.
I loved the food here! My favorite is the borani badejan! It's my go to place! I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant, you won't be disappointed. It's clean and the staff is very friendly. The owner was the one to take my order, he was a very nice guy and the food came out promptly! Love this place :)!!
This place needs to update its look but the beef kabobs are mouth-watering and that's all that matters! The wait time is long but the food is always fresh here and the portions are big.
Not good. Beef kabob was gross and gyros was blah. Fries were cr@p. Stay clear of the combo. Waste of time and money.
Found this place was beside the awesome shoe store which I found here on yelp.

I was pretty excited because this was a hole
in the wall kabob place which I have been craving so bad for so long. For my first order, since I am a human kitchen sink garbage disposal machine, I got the big sultani plate for $15. 

Coming from a place in LA where a lot of middle eastern people were and knowing how a good kabob was supposed to be like, this place does very well. May I just add that the King Sultani plate may very well serve two people, and I ate it all.

I've been coming here regularly now, usually after I check out a huge thrift store across the street. 

Only con that I could think of? Food may take a while to cook. But, you do already know that good food takes a bit to make, right? Give this place a try and take your huge appetite with you. You wont regret it.
Yummz! Ya get in here and get your grub on. Clean, the owner was very personable and friendly. Reviews are accurate, so if you want a kabob, you have come to the right place..
Some of the Best Gyros around town. I have been coming here for 2 years now. They have good customer service and it doesn't take long to get your food. Chick it out!!!
The beef was tender, cooked perfectly! The place was clean and busy when we got there at about 1 on a Sat. The service was friendly and the food arrived  hot! There's a little cup of green spice sauce that had an after kick...so watch out! Interesting enough, they were playing Christmas Music softly in the background! Made for a nice atmosphere on this cold rainy day!
HUGE portions!!!!!  Love the chicken and the beef... not found on the lamb, but im sure others love it.  The only problem, if you order it there, it does tend to take FOREVER!!!!  you are able to call your order in ahead of time, so that is VERY helpful if you are on a lunch break!
Excellent food! Great prices....
I love the #6 Steak and kobedah( ground Beef) with rice and salad. About $10
The chicken breast kabob and chicken beef soltani were great! Best kabob I had in Vegas so far
The place is great; not fancy, but clean with service provided by a courteous staff. 
My wife and I stopped here to pick up some feta cheese, olive oil and other Mediterranean groceries, saw the dining room and decided to stop for lunch. 

Her felafel sandwich was terrific, my kabobs were great - both served with saffron spiced basmati rice. 

It's a twenty minute drive from the strip but worth the short trip. Try it!
This place is amazing. Great food and a great value. Come here every time Im in Vegas for a convention. The owner/manager is really nice. There kabobs are ways flavorful and cooked perfectly. I would definitely recommend this place.
The food was good, good service, no complaints here. If I were a local I'd probably frequent it. Loved the pita bread they serve it's the thicker kind more doughy, which is exactly the way I like it & severed warm.

Great local restaurant, no frills, simple & good.
My mother and I stopped by kind of randomly searching for tacos and when we saw this place we both said at the same time... what about kabob? I turned the car around to go back.. (Sorry Mexican food, as much as I love a taco carts, middle eastern food wind hands down almost every time). 

The cashier and cook were bright eyed guys that seemed much smarter then their present positions. The cashier was very proud of and passionate about the food and the cultures it came from and had quite a lot of information to share about the word derivatives spellings pronunciation and history of the same foods in different regions of the middle east. We both found him welcoming and playful, not over serious about the information, just happy to share. he was explaining the language bases of Iran, Afghanistan, and Arab states talking about how Persian language is actually an Indo- European language with a barely modified Arabic alphabet and Arabic influence.. I never stopped to think it was closer perhaps to French then Arabic.

The food...pretty awesome. It was clean, well made, and delicious. My mother was particularly enamored with the rice. The only thing we didn't finish was the pita. it was nothing special and a little dry.

The menu was limited in terms of vegetables. This was my only real complaint. I guess its better to do something small and do it well but places with limited vegetables lowers the standard a little for me. I eat meat but don't always and am a much happier eater if there are lots of  veggies. Wile there were several options for kabob there were only sides of a grilled eggplant dish, a spinach dish, and a green salad and the same green salad with chicken on it as an entree. more veggies please!

The atmosphere was well lit and clean. There was some culture specific art on the walls from Afghanistan (remember  that haunting national geographic photo of the girl with the amazing eyes?) and Iran and there was a fair amount of seating and the tables and chairs were better then usual for a strip mall restaurant but you could still tell you were in a strip mall. We carried out because we were dressed poorly having stopped there after doing some construction in the house. I  was afraid I'd get  construction dust on the chairs if i sat down. And the other diners were dressed like  professional people, some button down shirts a few polo shirts and slacks.. so it was nice enough for me in my ripped and paint covered work clothes to feel well under-dressed. I'd say its classy for a strip mall but you still go to the counter and take your order and get served on a standard red restaurant tray.

Other customers were speaking in what sounded like the few farsi words i know. To have a place be frequented by people of the same culture is always a good sign.

I would definitely recommend this place and so would mom.
I ate every grain of the rice.  The meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  Easy to find/park.
Good food, don't pay attention to the building. We had a chicken and beef kabob dinner that was great. Lots of food. The hummus had great flavor but was thinner than what I'm used to. Also had wonderful, fresh bread!
DON'T BUY THE YELP VOUCHER if you don't have a smartphone. 

Last time we were here, our order was short (we were charged for an item we never received), and I didn't want to come back at all, but my husband insisted. Today, I came to Yelp first and saw all the glowing reviews, and I thought, maybe it was just a bad day; I'll give them another chance. So I purchased and printed a Yelp voucher -- which they refused, because although the voucher stated clearly that it could be printed and that the business cannot make any additional restrictions, they claimed that they didn't have to accept the voucher if I didn't present it on an iPhone.
This is the best Kabob place I've found on the East Side. We usually do take out and the meat is cooked and seasoned perfectly and the rice is delicious. Very gracious staff as well. I usually order the beef kabob and I love it.
Update: my husband went back and spoke with the manager, who insisted that there is no way they can accept paper vouchers despite the fact that Yelp states that they can. Caveat emptor.
A co-worker and I passed by this place on our way to get Chinese food but decided to give Kabob Express a try and was glad we decided to skip on Chinese. 

The place is pretty small but very clean and the gentleman at the front was very welcoming.

Everything on the menu looked good but wanted to try a little bit of each of the meats. I decided on the meat combo which consisted of chicken, beef, and kefta. Each of the combo plates came with your choice of meat, rice, salad, and a pita bread. I wanted to go all protein so asked for the combo without rice but the cashier highly recommended the rice. You can certainly tell he was very passionate about his food and stood by it 100%. I also got a free soda with a yelp check in which I gave to my co-worker. Since I didn't order a drink for myself the cashier went ahead and offered me another free soda. Nice!!

As the food came out I noticed the portions were pretty big. The meats were very tender and the chicken was very moist. The beef to my surprise was so tender I was able to separate it with just my fork. My favorite was the Kefta. I believe its made with a combo of beef and lamb but the spices is what really makes it stand out. Oh and be carful because you'll get the garlic burps after eating the kefta. I didn't mind since I was able to taste it throughout the day, it was that good. Also ask for the cucumber yogurt sauce and the spicy green sauce as both go perfect with the meal. 

Overall this place fully satisfied my protein craving. I would definitely come back. Awesome kabobs.
This was one of those "been meaning to try this place" and I finally did.  Airy and clean and it smelled so good when entering!  I really wanted a vegetarian kabob, but since it wasn't on the menu I opted for the chicken tandoori kabob.  Seasoned nicely and the chicken was juicy and tender - and they pulled the wooden kabob so I didn't have to fuss with it.  Yea!

I will definitely be back!
Kabob express! What can I say. I crave for you everyday!


Their staff are so friendly and have good customer service. We didn't even have to wait long for our food to get served. This is our go-to place here in the office. The food is so worth the price, and I love how they have shawarma too! Yum. :D
Delicious! It's not authentic, but the food hits the spot. It looks more like a Roberto's, but the cooks put it down! I recommend the tandory chicken and the hummus. The price is right and the food is fast.
The food was great and also the service. We ordered almost every type of kebab on their menu. The meats were tender and tasty. Chicken was well cooked and moist. I was very happy with their rice as it had a subtle taste of a spice which is popular in Afghanistan. The manager was also very nice and friendly. Just beware they don't have a restroom, just a faucet to wash your hands.
Great experience here! For the connoisseur of middle eastern food, there is a full menu of standard kabob as well as some exotic selections which are served with salad, bread and rice. Free soft drink available with check in as well for a complete meal! I gotta admit that I'm not quite enlightened on some of the offerings so I got a gyro, with fries and drink for under $9! What's even better is that the portion size was so generous that I took half of it home for dinner the next day. World Cup playing on 2 screens was an added bonus. Great value and I'll definitely be back!
Easy to find, SE corner of Eastern & Tropicana. Small restaurant promotes friendly service. Good food at a reasonable price. Beef and chicken Sultani platter - $11. Large portions.
Damn good food yo! 
This is my second time here. First time I had the Gyro and it was pretty good. This time I ordered the Kofta Kabob and Chicken plate (#7) and it is DELICIOUS! 
Fast service, affordable and so yummy. The only reason I dropped one star is because I only wish it came with a side of hummus. Though you can get it for $4.
The Royal Kabob is another random find thanks to the super cheap gift certificates at restaurant.com.  My girlfriend and I were super excited to try this place as it looked really cool from the pictures on the web site and it was reasonably close to our houses.  Unfortunately, when we pulled up, we realized they made it look much better in the pictures as it was just in a strip mall.

We then proceeded to have a very awkward waitress take care of us.  She wasn't bad, per say, but considering the place was empty, it was a little slow.  And just everything about her serving technique seemed awkward.  For example, when bringing out some pita bread and dipping sauces, I had to pry out of her the information of what each sauce was, rather than get a standard explanation of what they were.

The food itself was tasty... if it wasn't for the fact that the place wasn't visually appealing and the service was strange, we'd be back.  But seeing as how we couldn't stop talking about it while we were there, we'll probably pass and go somewhere else next time.  Food alone? 3 1/2 stars.  But overall, only a 2 star for me.
Restaurant is closed as of 2/09/10.  The sign is gone, and although the lights were on and tables were set inside, they quickly turned off the lights as we pulled up in front of the building.  They went back on as we left.  The phone number is now disconnected too.
I was heading to Coffee Buzz in Awahtukee and found it closed, but I did find a jewel that opened next door. Zaytoon Kabob Bistro is a Mediterranean mecca of flavor.  I had the special today Barberry Rice and Chicken with a tomato Saffron sauce.  It was fantastic, the Pita bread was so soft and fresh I think they made it when I walked in the door.  They boast their Kabob and Wraps are the best, I will be back for sure.  If you have not been here yet you are missing the boat load of flavor.
I stop by here about once a month to indulge in some fine Middle Eastern/Persian cousin.  The food is fresh and tasty.  The ground beef kabob is sensational.   I believe it is made with a mix of basil, mint and paprika and cooked to perfection.   The tandoori bread an accompanying yogurt cucumber sauce finish off the entre nicely.

I would recommend trying out the daily special - offered six days a week.  My favorite luncheon daily special is the Barberry rice and chicken.  This meal consists of chicken, barberries (not quite sure what a barberry is?) and plenty of basmati rice.  The chicken is cooked to perfection and is added to a saffron tomato sauce.  The flavor is delicious and not too strong.  

The staff is helpful when making a selection and takes quite a bit of pride in their food.  Zaytoon is a great place for a quick lunch time meal that will set you back by about $10.00.  The food is not too filling, but the portions are just right for lunch time.

If you are adventurous, you can try the doogh, a lightly flavored yogurt beverage.  The drink will compliment the meal.
We went here tonight with another couple for the first time, and we were all very impressed. We will definitely be back! I can't wait to try the daily specials in the future. Our chicken kabobs were tender and just the way I like them. The prices are fair, and you get a lot of good, fresh food for your money. I am happy that this place is right down the street from us. How lucky we are to have this jem in Ahwatukee!

It would be nice if the restaraunt had plain yogurt on hand for those of us who like to eat this kind of cuisine with it.
Awesome food, great prices and good service. My favorite so far is their eggplant appetizer, so YUMMY. Also from their entree I love their ground beef kabob.
Amazing food!  We picked up carryout, ordered chicken kabob wrap/gyro/ground beef wrap.  Truly was some of the tastiest food we've had in a long time.  We'll be back!
Nice little place, but not the best M.E. food in town.  

My son and I both had the Filet Wrap and shared a side of Basmati.  The side was fairly large, definitely enough for two people.

The filet meat was well-seasoned, and tender, very yummy.

On the downside, I thought the amount of meat was a little skimpy.  My son ran out of meat and still had about 1/3 of his wrap left.  Bummer.

I'm going to go back and try some of the daily specials, which all look tasty and appear to be a better value than the $7.99 wrap that comes only with a wrap and a good sized tub of tzatziki sauce.

Definitely will return, considering there is nothing else like it in that area.  Good find.
I ordered the chicen entree with a beef kabob and safron ice cream.  This place is located in a strip mall and the inside was warmer than my comfort level would have liked it to be on a summer afternoon.  

The rice was bland but it was individual grains (which not all places have).  The chicken was WAY too salty and had little to no real seasoning/spice.  It was almost if they thought salt was seasoning!  The ice cream was just OK.  I think the grilled tomato cost $1 extra, but I wouldn't be able to really comfirm since they don't give you a copy of the receipt (but my math tells me that is how the final bill worked).  

First time there, and won't be going back.
I would give this American-Arabic place a 3 and 1/2.  I had the lamb kabob plate and they lost one star as the combo plate does not make sense. Why give me half a pita bread and no hummus or not ask if I wanna add hummus to go with it.  

The lamb was above average, rice is basmati with some yellow coloring on some of it.  My buddy had their chicken and it's soft and pretty tender but unfortunately not tasty.  The lamb had a nice dark grilled color but the chicken looks like a bright yellow thai curry chicken without much flavor.  I guess i was expecting a more arabic place with such an exotic name but it's kind of like peiwei for Arabic.  

Not excellent but I guess it's a good to go place if u find yourself on Chandler blvd and in need of a gyro fix.  If u can wait, there are others.
My daughter and I had a couple of the beef and lamb gyros.  They were wonderful.  The meat was tender and juicy,  the bread was soft and pliable.  The only thing that I could find wrong was the tazeki sauce could have used some more spices, it was kind of blah.  We would go back.  Service was great too.
ONE WORD: Gross. 

My cousin and I compared the texture of the ground beef kabob to that of her dog's food. The filet kabob, while the taste was ok, had a very strange texture - almost like it was steamed or something. I definitely agree that they are VERY skimpy on the meat, which I guess doesn't matter 'cause it sucked. The hummus was just blah - I could make my own better. Their only saving grace was their basmati rice, which wasn't even all that great either.
Good gyro's - a little on the greasy side, but this has never stopped me.

A fairly good deal for your money.

The chicken kabob was very good, juicy, which not something I expect from chicken outside of my own home, tasty and comes with a heaping amount of basmati rice.  

The cucumber dip, tzatziki, was okay.
I came here with a pre-bought discount coupon and ordered the chicken and filet entrees and the eggplant appetizer. The chicken and eggplant were both decent, but the filet was horrible. The meat tasted strange and definitely not anything like the delicious filet I've had at mediterranean restaurants before. 

The chicken entree is priced decently, and the meat is moist and flavorful, but I would definitely never recommend the filet.
Same kronos meat everyone uses, and they haven't burnt my gyro yet. That's good in my book, I don't expect every small business to supply their own gyro spit.

The pita bread and tzatziki is fresh made, which is great. 

The wraps skimp on the meat, stick to the entrees. The baclava is good.

Not cheap, but better than Nero's.
Finally made my way up to this little joint.  Owned by a couple of people who live in-State, not a corporate chain but they do have multiple locations.  

Had the DeeZee.  Tasty lamb,garbanzo,potato mixture in a thick stew with a side of flavorful broth "soup" for slurping.

Son had chicken kebab, very tender, very juicy, flavorful and served with basmati rice which went well with my lamb too!  Came with a cool roasted Roma tomato, spicy red onion pieces and more pita than we could eat.

Had the hummous, its simple & tasty but too "chilled", next time I will ask for an extra plate and stir it up real well before we dip.

GOOD SERVICE.  Friendly order takers give input on the food.  HAPPY with my selections.  We'll be back.  Two full meals with leftovers, hummous and 2 drinks for under $25!
I went here for lunch with two coworkers today.  We went to the location on Ray and Rural.  The decor was strip mall gloomy, but I expected that.  The music was a little low, so it was a bit silent when we went in there.  I think turning it up a notch would be great.  The man taking our order was very friendly and offered a sample of the Wednesday Special Eggplant Stew.  My friend ordered that.  I got the Lamb Kabob Entree, and my other friend got the chicken wrap.

To start off, my dish had a lamb kabob, basmati rice w/saffron, and a grilled tomato.  The lamb was very flavorful and not dry, and the rice was okay.  There were a few sliced red onions on the side, but I could have used more.  What was really lacking was pita bread.... oh wait.. under the rice and kabob was a half a pita bread that was hidden.  It was a really poor choice to put it under there.  It soaked all the juices of the kabob and ended up being mushy.

My friend's chicken wrap looked pretty good.  A chicken kabob wrapped around a pita with cucumber sauce and onions.  The fries he got looked double fried.  I think he made a face at me, because they had a brand of "true chef ketchup".. and he's from Pittsburgh.

The other friend said the eggplant stew was okay.  With all the mediterranean restaurants around, I was hoping that the special would be the star of the place.

I may come back one more time and try a different special, but I think there are a lot more standout places around.
Great Food.... Always, made to order and the gyro sauce.... I could eat everyday with almost anything.... Great customer service....
We found the gyros to be good for the price, although Niro's Gyros a few miles away is still our favorite for a quick lunch.  The desserts were a little pricey and were extremely sweet. Personnel were very friendly and helpful . We have been there a couple of times now and will go back.
I went to the location on Ray and Rural early on a Saturday. I ordered a Gyro. I was about to pay with my debit card and was told there is an $8 minimum purchase to use a debit cards. I said okay I'll take fires then, the cashier snapped "it already comes with fries". I said fine I'll take an extra side of Taziki sauce. He then snapped again "the total is still only $7.60". By then I said forget it and cancelled my order. I couldn't believe this guy wouldn't budge for 40 cents. If they are this cheap about debit fees then how cheap are they with the food?
Tried out the location on Rural and Ray.  The service was friendly and fast.  Ordered the gyro wrap, which was delicious.  They provide a generous amount of  tzatziki.  Even the fries that came with it were good, crispy and golden brown.  

We will certainly go be going back.
i really wanted to like this place, as i try and frequent local businesses as much as i possibly can.  that said, i was disappointed in the service and quality of the food that was served.  everything was just average and i can not see myself coming here again. just to be clear: the restaurant did nothing wrong, but there was just no love connection.
I hate to give restaurants low reviews. And I will give this restaurant a second chance -- probably at the closer Ray and Rural location (which, thanks to summer hours, was closed on a Sunday, but not this one).

But the problems were myriad -- from getting the wrong order to confusing ordering to a possible lack of air conditioning (in July in Arizona!).

There is promise in the gyros and the chicken. But the problems I ran into are worth the two star review.

Hopefully I can write a better review soon.

Also, unless you're used to it, do not even attempt to try the yogurt soda. You'll thank me later.
Brought in a "Buy 1 Gyro, Get 1 Free" coupon; first-time customers. They kept the entire sheet of coupons, instead of just the one. We asked for no onions on one gyro and they put onions on both. The gyros were drowning in grease and the meat was mushy. Yes: mushy. I have no idea what kind of "meat" it was--we're used to lamb gyros and didn't realize they served multiple types. The coupon was non-specific, and the cashier didn't ask what we wanted, which is ridiculous in retrospect. Whatever it was, it was revolting. The french fries were good, though also very greasy. I feel like we ordered take-out from Mrs. Lovett's pie shop. 

If any one of these things had been different, I probably wouldn't have written this--it was just one thing after another. I was really disappointed, because their menu sounded amazing. But now I'm just not sure they can pull it off. Maybe the other locations are better.
Great food and amazing service. Best Persian food in az!
The side of Basmati rice is huge! Enough for the whole family!
Food is always fresh & delicious, we stop in at least once a week for their gyro plate. Love the dressing on the green salad, highly recommend.
Food is great but the service is very inconsistent. They frequently forget to ask if I want the grilled tomato, when the menu changed they no longer include pita bread. One of the employees just said you had to ask but when I did they said it was an extra charge. Sometimes they charge extra for tzatziki sauce and sometimes they don't. Things are frequently forgotten from my order or it is wrong. At this point because the service has been so poor my husband and I are considering never coming again. The three stars is SOLELY for the food.
This is a smaller place in Ahwatukee, that has a decent chicken shwarma, and the basmati rice is very good. The tzatziki sauce is delish and we like to come here because it reminds us of our trip to the middle east. The entree portions are a decent size, and the meat is seasoned nicely.
We have tried a few places, but this is the one we go back to since it is fairly close to us, and is more genuine (and cheaper, less crowded) than oh, say, a certain P. Jungle place :)
This place has the best gyro and chicken wraps I have ever had. The hummus is great. I also really like the kalamata olive hummus. I have tried all of the specials; I particularly love the gormeh sabzi.

Zaytoon is the first place I have ever had a gyro or any kind of mediterranean style food I have ever had. I quickly became addicted. I have tried many other places that are not quite as good. 

I live in California now and always go to Zaytoon when I visit family in Arizona. So yummy!
We had an excellent meal. The chicken and beef were very tasty. The yogurt sauce was perfect. I am Greek and no good Mediterranean food. Highly recommend
Horrible food and horrible service pita heaven or pita jungle are much better and priced the same :/
yum
Had a groupon for this place or else I wouldn't have known about it. It is a healthy alternative with all the grilled meats but it will set you back a little more than your average fast food joint. I recommend adding a salad with pomegranate dressing to any of the kabobs.  The place is not much to look at but the food is tasty.
This place has GREAT food... one of the only spots in the Valley where you can find lamb kabob, and their rice is superb!  All of their dressings and sauces are made fresh and taste amazing.  They have daily specials like lamb shank, ghormeh sabzi (a persian stew) and pomegranate chicken.  This is the real deal folks!  Grab some tabbouli, get your gyro fix, or go all out with the lamb shanks.  Either way, I promise you can't go wrong.
So we came to this place because there were good reviews (3). But upon arrival we noticed the name was not Zaytoon but Greek Place & Fry. After some debate about that. We went in. It was clean. Only one guy that was incidentally the cashier and the cook. The service was fast considering there were only a couple other people trickling in. Now the food.......I ordered the lamb kabob. The only reason I wanted to come here mind you. And I could swear was beef. But the guy insisted that it was in fact what I ordered and paid extra for. Whatever. My boyfriend ordered the chicken and steak kabobs. Both meals very lemony and VERY tough/chewy. My bf looked like he was trying to bite through a shoe the way he was trying to tear apart the pieces. I was going to tell the guy, but I've come to the realization that complaining to them gets you no where. So I may as well try to inform the unsuspecting public! Long story short we won't be coming back here.
Awesome experience, very pleasantly surprised!!! Everything I tried was incredible, even the things I was not sure I would like and the prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are generous.
Highly recommended :-)
First time eating at a middle eastern restaurant. Gyro and samosa aren't limited to Greek and Indian cuisine, respectively. Great place for lunch if you are looking for smaller portions. Definitely bringing my friends one day.
Tried this place for the first time. I got the beef kabob with brown rice and naan and my boyfriend got the lamb with spinach rice and the salad bar. Both dishes were delicious! The beef kabob was tender and juicy with a full flavor. Loved the green sauce that came with it. It was spicy but fresh. The lamb definitely tasted like lamb unlike some other places that over season the meat and mask its original flavor. The salad bar had many different toppings with even pickled vegetables like brusslesprouts, garlic and carrots.

I didn't see the $20 for $25 deal until after we already paid but the owner was so awesome he gave us a large slice of baklava  on the house. The baklava tasted homemade and fresh. Just the perfect sweetness to hit the spot. The owner also brought out a savory dumpling dish for us to try which was like ravioli. Such a great guy!

I wish this place well. They are off to a great start!


Had to update my review. I called in a order for pick up and this girl on the phone was so rude and dumb. I met her in person and she was even worse! She has to go!!!
I tried this restaurant out for the first time this evening and was very pleased with what I had. I ordered a soup, an appetizer and an entree and everything was very flavorful and cooked very well- without too many spices to overdo the flavor of the main course,  or to confuse the name of the dish by killing it with too many seasonings. The two ways that Middle Eastern, Thai, Indian, etc. food can be spoiled in my humble opinion are by over cooking the food until the vegetables are a ghost of their former selves or by adding too much oil to where you can't feel your lips anymore and need plenty of napkins. I experienced none of that here and the flavors were exceptional. Even the vegetable samosas came out very tasty without being overly oily and everything I had just hit the spot. I went in on a Sunday evening and it was slow, and the server even brought out a vegetarian dish for me to try on the house! Lots of flavor and went well with the bread that comes with the entree, served nice and warm.  There also have a few stuffed naan bread options that look really interesting for when you're in that comfort food type of mood. I'll definitely be going back again for sure :)
I had the lamb kabob with rice and my wife had the beef kabob.  Both were delicious and perfectly cooked.  The staff was very nice.  I am a transplant from the east coast and have yet to find decent meat on a stick here, especially lamb, but this took me back home.  It was really good and tasted authentic.  I would definitely recommend this place
I went here with my parents for dinner and got the group platter and chicken samosas. We were stuffed and had plenty left to bring back home for the next day. The staff were very friendly as well.
I miss ya baby.  You were exotic and exciting and mysterious.  You opened me to a whole new world.  And of course, I didn't appreciate you enough and didn't pay enough attention and one day you were gone and I was heartbroken, wondering what I was going to do next, which turned out to be pick another one up on the other side of the highway, and continue my passionate affair.

With Afghani food of course!

Had a nice lunch today at this Afghani restaurant that opened two weeks ago. At the northeastern corner of Higley and Baseline, this space has been a revolving door of mediocre Indian buffets, but this restaurant I'm hoping is here to stay. First impression, I'm not going to miss Ariana's, which was a short-lived Afghani restaurant on the other side of the 60.  Tastefully decorated with mainstream music playing not too loudly, was a spacious place for lunch.  There was a 20 top that was seated shortly before us, so can't judge service too much, as it was probably around 30 minutes before we got our food. They proclaim proudly about a 72 hour marinade process and a custom made kebob grill thats supposed to be the bees knees.

With whatever you order you get a choice of different sides, amongst a salad bar, which although tiny had a nice assortment of add-ons, like chick peas, afghani pico, roasted red peppers, chutneys, and conventional stuff you'd expect as well.

Yummy times on the Lamb Kebobs! The skewer was removed from the meat, so although it looks small it still packs quite a punch (twhs) and was quite a filling meal. Tasty, lean lamby goodness, with a firm and satisfying mouthfeel!  The chutney was pretty tart, I liked it a lot, although I disagree with a previous comment about the spiciness. The little cup of pico de gallo Afghani style (haha I'm sure theres an actual name but too lazy to look it up) was tasty. Also I'm sure misnamed but the Tahini sauce was thinner then a greek one and more herbacious, quite delicious. The spinach accented basmati rice was fine but not noteworthy.

My wife had their GRILLER- Tikka kabob, grilled onions, grilled vegetables and creamy house sauce, had a few bites and was quite tasty. Their naan bread they used for the wrap is thicker and almost wheatier then anything I've had before, kinda neutral on it but worked as an acceptable conveyance of the deliciousness inside.

Has only been opened two weeks so will continue to explore what they offer, pretty wide assortment of items on their menu, with some vegetarian entrees for those so inclined.
Being extra generous but its a 3 for food quality at best but the owner was very quick to respond when they left items off my order. Will give it one more  shot  soon, hope they serve beer or wine by then!
Wife and I tried this place last night for the 1st time. I had the Lamb Kabob, with a side of Badenjan  Borani (eggplant). My Wife had the Lamb Chops with a side of Borani Kadu (butternut squash) and both of us had some Naan. We are huge fans of Mediterranean food and India food, this place was similar along those lines, basmati rice, tzatziki sauce.. you know.. all of that...soooooo

When you first walk up to the place it doesn't look like much from the outside. From the inside the seating is spacious, decor is average, they have one flat screen T.V. on the wall and they like to blast top 40 music. It is very clean. There weren't many people just my wife and I and about 3 other people for a 6pm Thursday night. As you walk in you're corralled into a walk way area where there is a menu on the wall to chose your dishes. You will place your order 1st and pay at that time then they will hand you a number and they will bring your food to you at your table. Pepsi products here only. 

The booth we sat in was super comfy and I kind of like that it wasn't super busy. We had attentive service, but like I said just about a total of 5 people eating. The two girls working seems like they needed something to do. :)

The food.. was good. My lamb was soft and the brown rice was nice, my Wife thought they may have put something in it as she thought it was very good compared to her white rice. Her lamb chops were cooked just right and very good. My eggplant was very slightly sweet and tasty, the butter squash my Wife had was slightly sweet and very good as well. They have us plenty of naan so much we took it home. 

I enjoyed the dinner and environment as well as the servers were nice. There wasn't anything that WOW'd me so I'm not so inclined to give full stars. Al together for 2 dinners I think we payed over $30 dollars, so not the cheapest place to eat. I'm thinking the dollar amount could be slightly less for the amount of food, but no complaints. 

I be back to try another item and maybe I'll give this place one more star, we'll see.. but I do recommend the place at least one time.
Good quality of food. Reasonable prices. Quick service. Friendly server and a kind owner. Who is up and running, making food and checking in at the customers all the time. Authentic food. The right ingredients for a successful restaurant.
I tried this out because I got a $20 groupon for $11 and am a sucker for fresh naan!  We tried a sampler of small plates of which the spinach somosas was the hands down best.  The beef kabob was flavorful  but over cooked and dry.   It's a new establishment and they have some kinks to work out but some of the favors are amazing. ...but a tad heavy on cilantro for me.
Delicious!!  I haven't had good Afghani food since I left NY.  My husband, who is an old school "meat and potatoes" guy, had the beef keemah kabob and loved it.  I had the chicken breast kabob and also loved it.  The servers were friendly and attentive, and the owner stopped by to see how our meal was going.  

I will definitely be going back soon.
Great food. Friendly. Flexible. I had the lamb and the special meatballs. Oh, and the spinach qorma. My brother made me try the chicken kebab. I'm not usually a fan of chicken. It was amazing. All very tasty!
Okay... this place is amazazing!!

I love this kind of food to begin with, But Rania's is just awesome. I went there for the first time on Tuesday of this week and I have been back every day for lunch! 

The Naan bread is out of this world and cooked fresh in their clay pot oven when you order it. We tried the appetizer sampler platter and everything was really good, especially the Spinach Samosa. I've tried both the beef Keemah Kabob and the Chicken Breast Kabob and they'e great. the Spinach Seasoned Rice is great too.

The owner and his staff were really nice to us and I just can't say enough good about this place! Prices are very reasonable too. You gotta try them out!
We tried Ranias tonight for dinner. The food was really good love the brown rice also the jalepeno chutney Yummy. I had the steak kabob and my husband has the pan fried fish both were very good, We shared a vegetarian mushroom dish liked the salad bar and the naan bread. It's kind of a quiet place and didn't seem that busy. Which is a shame because the food and service are good.
What a fantastic, delicious delight!  After seeing it post-workout at Fitness Works I decided to give it a try.  So glad that I did.  Will look forward to returning weekly.
Horrible service. Took forever to serve the complete order. Don't want to waste more time by writing a more elaborate review.
Pleasantly surprised at this place, wasn't sure what to expect. Had the lamb and chicken kabobs with spinach rice.. Really good! I stopped in to get this to go, service was quick and I didn't want long. Spinach and cheese samosa are great too. I'll definitely go back for more!
I love this place. I've been here a few times and have only tried three menu options. So far my favorite is the fried fish with spinach basmati rice but the chicken kabobs were tasty too. Everything tastes so fresh! I wish I could use the spicy cilantro jalapeo chutney as toothpaste. The portions are huge as well. Very clean and updated decor. The servers are great and know the menu. Jordyn was very helpful.  I hope the word gets out on this delicious jem. It is officially a spot I plan to enjoy weekly. Plus, they offer delivery!
This was our first and probably last visit. We placed a takeout order with a teenage, blonde cashier who was "interesting"..to say the least. My boyfriend asked for a lid to his to go cup and she asked him if he could be patient (in a sarcastic tone)-yikes! Anyone who reads my reviews knows I'm big on service so that gets a 1 star in my book. The food took forever and when we got home they forgot his bread and gave me a dry chicken salad with nothing more then lettuce, tomatoes, onions and cucumbers..deconstructed sandwich? The portions were on the small side for the price. Not impressed.
Ate their for the first time with a Groupon. Had the special meatballs that we're good. What amazed me was how delicious the rice an naan bread was.... Like I couldn't stop eating it. I will absolutely go back again
Went to lunch here today and really enjoyed the visit and the food.  The restaurant is clean, well decorated, and the wait staff is very anxious to make sure you know all about the menu.  My companion is vegetarian and has had Afghani food before, so he quickly decided on the eggplant (Badenjan  Borani),  with lentil soup as an appetizer. He was pleased with all the vegetarian options, though there are many choices for carnivores, too.   The meal comes with a delicious generous portion basmati rice with a sprinkling of shredded carrot and raisins, and a large portion of naan for each person.   I got mushroom quorma, with vegetable samosas as the appetizer.   I absolutely recommend this place and will return, for sure.  In fact, my friends and I are going there on Wednesday!
Great food, slow service. We came here for lunch and were confused what to do because no one greeted us at the entrance. Do we go to the counter and order? Sit in a booth? It was actually another table of people we recognized who told us we could sit at a table and wait for the waitress to come over.

So sit we did. And we waited, and waited. Eventually one person at our table managed to hail a staff member and let him know that we were on a tight schedule for lunch and needed to order ASAP. We finally got some menus and were able to browse through the selections.

Along with kabobs, they also have various vegetarian and stew-like dishes. I decided on the eggplant ($9.95). When it came out, it was a heaping portion of veggie and rice.  The eggplant had a tender soft texture, with a savory tomato based sauce. The rice was perfectly cooked, nicely seasoned, with some sweet carrot and raisin mixture on top. 

Although service was slow, the staff did apologize profusely, saying that they were swamped for lunch that day. I found that a bit odd since they were only a little less than half capacity when I looked around the restaurant. 

I'd like to try Rania's again, but maybe when I'm not in such a time crunch for food.
Food was amazing they had 3 different kinds of rice.. The chicken and steak kabobs melt in your mouth and a small craft beer selection. A local gem you have to try this place
Tried the beef mantu, chicken samosa, beef keemah kabob, chicken kabob! So good. The restaurant was clean & the staff was super friendly!!
Delicious!!! I tried this placed yesterday during lunch with a few of my friends. We decided to family style everything in order to taste a little bit of everything on the menu. We ordered 12 different dishes, and they were ALL great!! My personal faves are the beef keemah kabob, and lamb chops. Their house sauce is something outta a dream! Please leave room for dessert and tea though, or you will be disappointed!! My favorite dessert was the cream puff!
The place is clean, and plates are plentiful, the service is excellent and the Ashak plate is delicious!
Me and my parents went to Rania today and the food was great!! My favorite food was the gyro and ashak. But today there wasn't really any people in there except for three other people. So it would be very helpful if you guys would recommend this place to a friend, so more people will come and try it.  :-)
I bought a gift card for Groupon for this restaurant $15 what's the cost for $30 worth of food thought that was a great deal until after I finished the purchase and it said I could only use 10 dollars at a time it did not tell you this until after you confirm your purchase very dishonest when I asked the owner if I could use them. anyway that I was from out of town and would not be able to come back he said no so I got up and left I felt the server was very rude I tried to place an order several times she looked at me and walked away then when I asked to speak to the owner about the mishap with a certificate he didn't come until they put the food on the table. The food did look good and it was a good price but I was very unhappy with how they treated me.
Visited Ranias after a purchasing a Groupon for the restaurant. The food was delicious, hot, amd fresh. I had the beed sirloin kabob platter with about 6 good sized pieces of sirloin and amazingly seasoned brown rice. The naan was served hot, fresh from the oven and was absolutely delicious! Several beers on tap and bottle choices as well. I would definitely visit again!!!!
Groupon success again! 

Prior to heading to Rania's, I had an image of an older shopping center with a small hole in the wall restaurant. Very traditional in appearance and strong spice smells.This was not the case. The Higely Shopping Center is newly developed next to the new Banner Hospital. The restaurant is pretty spacious; 8 booths (I think) and about 6 tables. The Expo window let's you view the kitchen while serving yourself with a delightful salad or Pepsi product. The decor was colorful and lively, but still showed tradition with a modern flair. The young female servers were friendly and helpful, so much so that they ordered almost all my order. Which I was wanting because I didn't know what to expect being a novice to Middle Eastern\Afghani food. I placed me  to go order for my boyfriend and I,  which took about 10 minutes,  I think to complete. The spread include:  

- Vegetable Samosas: fried potato turnover with onion and peas. Delicious!

- Beef Mantu: beef steamed dumplings covered in a red and cream sauce. They were like raviolis with spicy marinara. Good, not sure I order again. 

- Roasted Red Pepper Hummus: fresh and yummy. A little atypical as it was chunky; not smooth like most hummus.

- Chicken Kabob with spinach rice and Naan: Rice was scrumptious, chicken was tender and juicy, but I felt it needed more in flavor. Naan, well I will get to this later. 

- Beef Sirlion Kabob with spinach rice and salad bar: Like the chicken it was missing the mark in flavor for me, but the green spicy sauce, taziki and Mediterranean Pico added to it. The salad bar had mixed greens that you could add Kalamata olives, grilled mixed veggies, garbanzo beans, etc. Quite an array of fixings and dressings. All fresh and cold. 

Now most of important the Naan! I don't know if they have one of those fancy flat tops or steamer things, but the bread was crisp and fluffy. The burnt edges were lil' smoky bites of goodness. The slight drizzle of olive oil added a sweetness that made me want gobble it. Did I add they served up a plentiful amount and thank goodness they did as it was amazing with hummus or just alone. 

Will I go back?  Heck yes, Groupon or not. 

Tip on the Groupon: 
Make sure you read fine print; any smart person does! You cannot use it with other coupons or specials and there are two offers are available. One for a set amount to use in whole and the other to spilt into 3 separate small amounts.
I have visited this place 3 times now. I want to give it a better rating but it has been so inconsistent regarding service. The food itself is 4 star rating. I love everything I've tried. Chicken Kabob and Eggplant Borani are great. This time I was on the phone for 10 min while the waitress figured out how to put in the order. I waited
30 min for a call ahead order on a Sat.  I hope the restaurant gets it together because I really like the food!
I really like the food here. I had never tried Afgahni food and couldn't say it was authentic but what they are serving is really good.  Some times the service can be slow but I've mostly done call in for pick up or delivery.  I keep wanting to try new things but often find myself getting the chicken breast kabob or naanwhich. The fish is excellent.  Love the green rice. I recently noticed they changed the menu so more new things to try.  I was less impressed by the spinach naanpizza but still might try the others. The restaurant is clean. All staff I dealt with were friendly.
Wife got the beef keemah, basmati rice and naan. I got the beef keemah and chicken keemah combo with rice and a salad. Also we ordered a side of grilled vegetables. I have to say these folks have something special here. Good spices in the meat. Rice was cooked to perfection. Naan was a bit on the charred side, I like that but wife does not. The sauce they gave is was delicious as well not what it was but it was green. Maybe parsley or spinach with a kick!
We have not been to the actual location. So I am basing my 5 stars on the food being really good and being delivered in a timely manner. Considering it was 7-8pm on a Saturday night it took only 45 minutes. This was my first time ordering through an iPhone app and was sure I paid with a card. When the delivery person came they said it was cash. We didn't have the cash but assured him I would call it in right away. He said "cool I trust you" gave me the food and I gave him a fiver tip. Very nice young man. So I called in the card and all was saved!
I came here a few times during their first month, but I haven't been back in awhile since I no longer work next door to the restaurant. I would hesitate on returning after reading some of these reviews indicating that they switched from counter service to table service. The workers there had a hard enough time deciphering the menu and ringing up orders anyways. I'm frightened how they would handle a full service gig.

There are some good items here, however. I like the first two dishes that I had tried, the eggplant and butternut squash. Both were very unique for this area, and the flavors were great. I really like the kabuli rice too. I liked the small salad bar. I couldn't get enough of their Afghani pico de gallo.

I wasn't as impressed with the appetizers. The samosas and ashak were both too greasy. I didn't like the baklava either, but I'm ruined on that dessert after going to Turkey.
The food was incredible. I highly recommend checking it out for that reason. They do seem a bit understaffed, but the staff was very friendly. They also have excellent, though not well advertised, beers on tap.
We just ate here and everything was delicious! We got samoas and put the amazing green and red chutney and white sauce all over them. So good. I got the gyro and hubby got the butternut squash dish. Everything was really tasty and perfect. We never had afghan food before. We will be back!
I ventured in here again, enticed by the lure of Groupon. Right when I entered I was warmly greeted by the owner. I went to the counter and browsed through the menu, pondering what food I should get for take out. I got the chicken and beef keemah and a side of butternut squash borani. The order didn't take too long to make, and I was soon off to drive back home to enjoy my newly acquired lunch.

The chicken and beef platter came with 2 long pieces of mixed white and dark meat chicken, and 1 long piece of ground beef. Both were expertly seasoned, and very tender. The meat rested on a large portion of rice (You get your choice of various rice sides; I chose the spinach rice). The spinach rice was also quite good, and nicely cooked. I enjoyed the butternut squash borani was well. The mild flavor of the squash contrasted well with the yogurt sauce on top of it. 

The meal also came with some cucumber/tomato salad, yogurt sauce, and some green chutney (Mint? Cilantro?). All were excellent, packed with flavor, and accentuated the meal well.

The naan was also very good. It tasted different from naan I've had at Indian restaurants. The texture was more pillowy on the inside, with a nice crisp outer layer.

Due to the improvement in service, upgrade 1 star!
I have to thank Scott P. for his great review of this place.  I was browsing Yelp one morning, checking my bookmarks, and reading reviews just to find someplace new that caught my eye, and Rania's certainly did that.  What a fantastic first impression!

We were greeted right away and guided to a booth, and our server, Margaret, took our drink order and said she'd give us time to look at the menu.  I had already been scoping it out on the internet and drooling over the choices, so we started with 2 of the Beef Mantu and 2 of the Ashak on the small plate menu.  I love that they have different amounts for these so you can get as many as you want.  With a salad and some bread you could make a meal out of the small plates alone.

I wish I could describe the flavors in a way that would really do both of these dishes justice, but they were amazing and a blend that I had never tasted before.  The mantu in particular had a little heat to the seasoning blend, but nothing overwhelming at all.  It was very pleasant and I want to go back and eat those again for sure.  

Then for our entrees I ordered the chicken breast and beef sirloin kabob platter with brown rice and the naan bread.  Mr. M ordered the pan fried fish with spinach rice and the salad bar.  

The salad bar choices are really varied and nice and fresh.  Mr. M came back with some greens, chickpeas, olives, and I think some raisins were in there, but it was a nice way to start the meal.  The bread is great too, and I agree with other reviewers who say it's a little different from what you might expect.  A few charred edges and a thinly fluffy interior make this bread different and very tasty.  I loved scooping some rice and grilled meat from my plate onto some bread and tasting that group of flavors.  Wow.  Just wow.

Mr. M's fish was fried perfectly as well.  Nice light breading and nice light texture all around.  Again, a blend of seasonings that I'm too inexperienced to describe, but it was delicious.  And he said he usually does not like rice, but he ate every bit of that spinach rice.  Our total for those 4 items plus an iced tea was $34.70 before tip.  

They have a Yelp check-in offer too that is something like a free small plate with the purchase of an entre, and there is also a groupon out there for them.  Now is the time to give Rania's a try if you've been thinking about it.  I look forward to a return visit.
Great food, good service. My chicken dish was amazing, and their Spanish rice is absolutely delicious. I would absolutely recommend this place for some amazing middle-eastern cuisine.
Food is great.  They were out of what I wanted to order but it was still delicious.  Definitely give it a try!
Great first time! Will be back! :) come you will be freshly satisfied, as everything is made fresh daily!
First off, this place deserves 5 stars for just being a mom & pop restaurant in the East Valley.
That Rania's serves authentic tasting Afghan cuisine out in no mans land ... well that's a minor miracle.

I laugh at the some of the low star reviews, whats your comparison. The McRib!
I mean really, you had better ... Where ...................?
Tools!

If you consider yourself a foodie get your butt over here and check this fantastic cuisine out.

They even have Four Peaks & Santan Beers on Tap. 

Awesome!
WOW - This is a diamond in the rough!!  Its tucked away in a corner of the strip mall but the food is absolutely incredible.  The plates and wraps are HUGE and easily can be shared between two people.  Owner is friendly and really wants you to come back.

Naan is great, their specials are good.  I recommend this place highly!!!
I've been wanting to try this place out for a while finally did tonight. Bummed we didn't try it sooner. Sooooooo good. I'm currently eating a Paleo diet with can make eating out tough since it calls for just proteins, vegetables, and fruit that is prepared with out frying with all natural ingredients  (this is a simplified explanation) . This place had me covered (though those who like rice and pita your good to go here too). Great flavors, made fresh to order, and great costumer service. Super fresh salad bar with lots of healthy options. Try this place, you'll be happy you did.
Food is great here,  we got take out and was delish but serving of hummus was tiny for 6 bucks? We will return it was very good.
Amazing service, amazing food. Every time that I am in the area I stop by. Can't get enough of the kabuli style rice!!!
Went here with a friend; it was all right. It's nice to find a place that you can order something and avoid all the badies (wheat, excessive oils, et cetera). Still, they could be a little less stingy with the meat; got like four small pieces for my sirloin kabob.

The owner came over and asked how we were doing, but not in a schmoozing way. That was nice.

They're a sitdown place, but it's more "fast casual" than "fine dining." 

I might go there again.
All things aside, this was our first visit and it was delicious. I had a gyro... kind of (explained later), and the spinach rice. It was so fantastic and full of flavor!

 We ordered the chicken simosa, which the waitress said was an appetizer. It was served AFTER we already started our main course. Wish they would have brought it out earlier.  Also, the waitress (Polish lady) was very nice, but in too much of a hurry to explain things well.  She knew this was our first visit. I said I wanted a gyro. She asked if I wanted the sandwich or combo platter. I asked what the difference was. She said the combo was served with rice. So I ordered the combo.  When we got our food, there was no sandwich.  Just meat on top of rice.  When I explained we may have miscommunicated, they were nice and said they would give me a sandwich. I said,  don't worry about it, just bring me bread and I'll make it myself. They asked if I wanted pita or naan bread.  I said naan. I wish they would have told me it was heated with butter or oil. When they finally brought it out, it was too crisp to make a gyro from. So, I cut it up into pieces to eat with my meat.  So,  fantastic food, but a little lacking in service. I will come back and try it again!
The samosas are super delicious at Rania's! Food tastes fresh and made from scratch! Win!!!
Today I was sitting at home, didnt feel like cooking or pizza. So I checked trusty yelp, seen the reviews and ordered the combo kabobs ans naan bread. Hands down the best Afghan cuisine I have ever tried. I am blown away. You HAVE to try this place. 
I will be eating here tomorrow as well, have to try their gyros now.
Hands-down the absolute best delivery we have ever eaten.  We got the Group Pleaser Combo plate,  which had chicken, lamb, and beef.  Fantastically seasoned, and accompanied  by their amazing rices (Spinach and Brown) and a garden salad.  Who knew delivery could be so good!
My wife and I LOVE this place! She is Afghan and definitely approves of the cuisine. Service is very friendly, the atmosphere is warm and welcoming. The food is fresh and as we were informed by Margaret our server, completely house-made. We will definitely be returning as often as possible!
Had the chicken breast kabob and garlic naan. So good! Everything was well cooked, seasoned and delicious. Loved the red pepper-habaero and cilantro-jalapeo chutneys too. Definitely coming back.
Great food, great service and the portions are definitely substantial for a great price.  

We loved the naan and the red pepper hummus.  For our entree we both ordered gyros and were only able to finish half, since the size was about double of what you would get anywhere else.  

Everything was clean and inviting and our waitress was attentive. We didn't have to wait long for our order.  

Will definitely be back!
Ordered take-out once with my mother. Ordered delivery twice to my home. I think I need to dine in the restaurant to see if the portions are larger and if it tastes better hot. Not that it didn't taste good, but I thought it could have been better if it was fresher.

When I ordered the take-out, it was hot-ish when we ate it, and I really did love it. The chicken chapli my mother ordered had a great flavor and the spinach rice was an excellent compliment to it. I ordered the butternut squash. It was good and spicy, but I forgot how little time it takes for butternut to cool off. It wasn't as hot (temperature-wise) as I would have liked, and it was a little over-cooked which didn't help either. Good blend of spices though.

I was a little disappointed with the garlic naan. Maybe I'm spoiled by Copper Kettle and their fantastically fresh garlic naan from the tandoor. This naan is thicker, which is fine, but they don't seem to use fresh garlic. It looks like it was brushed with butter and sprinkled with garlic powder salt. Oy. Might save the owners some money, but it isn't a good choice. Skip the salt and the powder. Use real garlic. The flavor would be sooooo much better.

Let's talk delivery.  Yikes. What a difference. The portions are smaller, the food is colder and it is more expensive since they charge you a delivery fee. My son ordered a kabob that came with merely 3 pieces. My chapli had 2 pieces. The samosas sit in their own grease. Ew. My friend (who is from out-of-town) loved their spinach pizza-naan though. Since I am a fair person, I tried them again, hoping the bad stuff was a fluke. Same thing. However, their hummus "pizza" was amazing. Loved it!!

Just to be fair, I need to point out that the temperature of the food could be partially my fault. I do live at mile 4.8 of their 5-mile maximum radius. Travel time could affect the food temp, and I'm probably the last stop if they have multiple orders.
Ordered for delivery. Food was excellent! Food came faster than quoted and exceeded expectations! We love having gyros and while ttheir gyro meat is not the best I've ever had it makes up for it with the delicious sauces! Will defiantly be back!
Very good! I'm a pretty picky eater when it comes to food and this place was up to my standards. I got the chicken breast and beef kabob(comes w rice/grilled veg and salad)  a side of hummus and chicken noodle soup. The meat was really good and clean, (I hate when I get those gross weird UFO pieces of whatever)... Defiantly all just perfectly delicious juicy clean meat! The place is really clean to. My dog was in the car so I had to take the order to go but I will definitely come back again when I'm in the area to dine in. :)
First and forest, the layout of the resturant is very nice and clean. In essance, there is plenty of chairs and tables to conform to any size of party with just enough decorations to mold the upbeat atmospohore of the resturant. Additionally, the staff is extremely friendly with nothing but a sincere attitude and smile on their faces. Besides the great layout and friendly staff the food itself is what will have me coming back for more ! We ordered a gyro in pita with french fries. Normally, I'm very picky when it comes to what  I eat; normally I don't deviate from anything that isn't a hamburger.  However, the gyro was absolutely delicious.
Decided to check out this place.  Not disappointed.  Hummus was excellent. Ordered a combo of chicken and  beef. Tender and not over cooked.  The rice was fluffy and tasty.  The chef came by and brought me a taste of his homemade baklava. I'll be back!
Really was anxious to try it.  I really like good Persian kabob. It was very clean inside and the food appearance was 5 stars but I really didn't find the taste to be the same as other Persian restaurants. It wasn't bad, just didn't taste as good as it looked.  I will return and try it again. Would like to see musto-mucir (yogurt dip with shallots) on the menu.
Like this place a lot very friendly and courteous staff. The lady in the front provided us great service and food quality was excellent. The aushak and beef sultani where excellent!
I've been pleasantly surprised by the quality of Mediterranean food in Vegas, but this place is something special. Food was fresh and tasted great! I highly recommend checking this place out.
I did not like this restaurant at all and would not recommend it to anyone!  

I love Persian and Mediterranean food, and I really wanted to like this place.  I live very close and I was excited when I saw they were opening.  So I decided to stop in and order something simple - the Gyro in Pita .  For nearly $7, I assumed it would be fantastic!  

I couldn't have been more wrong.  

The meat was VERY dried out and there was very little sauce to make up for the extreme dryness.  It was also cold, as if they made it that afternoon for someone else, rather than made to order that evening for me. The flavor was bland, and the meat wasn't seasoned at all.  It tasted like a beef jerky sandwich with no flavor. 

But the worst part was the fact that I had to wait for 40 minutes for that disgusting meal!  I walked in and ordered it and I sat there in their empty dining area for 40 minutes!  The young cashier was courteous, and apologetic, but it didn't make up for the fact that I could have gone ANYWHERE else and gotten a better sandwich for a fraction of the cost and time.  I would assume that wait would account for the cold meat, but I sat there asking every 10 minutes, and the cashier assured me they were "still working on" my order. 

What a waste of time, money and space.  I will not be visiting there again if they can't even get a gyro right, nor will I be recommending it to anyone, ever. 

Save your money and time and go somewhere else.
This is now our favorite Mediterranean spot in town. (close second is Kabob House)  I recommend the Beef Kabobs, they are super flavorful and tender.  Garlic yogurt sauce and the Chutney are nice along side.  Looking forward to trying some more items on the menu.
I wanted to like this place so bad, it's large inside and lots of comfy seeting, very nice people working.  I got the ground chicken kabobs and had a side of hummus and eggplant, and got some desserts.  I got take out and at first it smelled yummy, but as I got home I realized it also smelled salty.  Usually I can't tell food is salty just from smelling it. When I ate it, that confirmed my fear. Yummy flavor, but so much salt competing with it that it made my tummy hurt.  They would be five stars if they cut the salt in half. Also one of their desserts I got smelled like rancid oil. The others didn't, but just the square shaped reddish one.
Amazing service and incredible food. These people care about your dining experience and they have the food to back it up. Do yourself a favor, just go. You won't regret it.
I was stopping for gas en route to the rental car return at McCarron, saw the Kabob Factory as I was turning in, and figured that an early dinner would be the perfect antidote to airline pretzels and peanuts.  I was their first for dinner that night, and it felt like I was treated as a sheikh.  I ordered the lamb kebob plate ($15); a basket of sliced flatbread and an INSANELY delicious mint sauce for dipping was brought as an appetizer.  If you're a chili head, this is for you; if you're a garlic head, this is for you.  I ordered the entree with a side of eggplant; the entree was brought to me with a heaping pile of saffron-infused basmati rice and superbly tender, seasoned lamb.  Equally delectable was the eggplant, served casserole-style with a topping of yogurt sauce and parsley.  Finished it off with a small dessert of a gulab jamun- inspired sweet dumpling- the perfect topper.
I have to imagine Kebob Factory is a neighborhood favorite near the airport- I hope they maintain a steady business, for the locals' sake.
Kabob Factory is fantastic! From the outside it doesn't look like the most inviting place, but once you get in you will be happily surprised. The decor is very nice, but the food is even better. The chicken breast Kabob is wonderful, along with the hummus, baba ganoush, pita bread and the falafels. Everything is just so great and the people are very kind. I go to this restaurant at least once a week, if not more. I would (and have) suggest Kabob Factory to my friends and family. They all love it also!
Excellent Shami Kabob and Lamb Kabob! The eggplant side dish was delicious! I would definitely come back even though I live way across the other side of town.
We have eaten here many times and It is great!  The outside is not as Inviting as it can be. BUT the food is outstanding! ! It does take  few minutes to prepare the food..it is so fresh! The hummus and the rice are the best. The baba gnoush and fallalle are good too! The Waiters are friendly and helpful. They could put something on the outside to make it look more inviting!
Loved it! Headed to the airport and wanted a good meal beforehand.  The atmosphere is a little drab, but who cares when the food is this good.  Wanted to start with the baba gnoush but they were out.  I'll take that as a sign that they make everything fresh.  Ordered the grape leaves instead. Not bad but not great.  They were too oily and the rice inside was a little mushy, no biggie. I ordered the lamb liver kabob and my boyfriend ordered the gyro sandwich.  While we were waiting for our entrees we were brought a basket of warm, fresh pita bread and some kind of deliciously amazing green dip. I think the pita might be homemade,  it was that good.  And the dip was garlicky and lemony and so freaking good. Our server told us that we could take it home by the jar full. I wish I could have! We got our entrees and they were both delicious. The lamb liver was a little dry but I would rather have it a little over cooked than under cooked. Know what I'm sayin'? It was crispy and caramelized on the outside and the rice was perfect and the side of salad and chickpeas were a perfect compliment to the whole meal. My boyfriend's sandwich was badass also. Tender, flavorful meat and the same fresh pita bread and really good tzatziki sauce. Even the french fries were good. The service was top notch. The owner even gave us a plate of baklava at the end. Ive never had chocolate baklava before and im glad I got to try it. All around this was a great meal and I wish this place was in colorado instead of Vegas.
Love the food especially lamb kabob and chapli kabob,staff was extremely friendly and the place was clean..Everything was fresh and the quantity was generous.Will definitely go again.
I was wary of this place since the outside leaves much to be desired, and when we walked in there wasn't anybody else there (on a Saturday night, no less). However, the cashier was very friendly, helpful, and willing to work around our special dietary needs. I'm not sure what happened on the days some of the other reviewers waited a long time for food because we got our food within like 10 minutes (and we ordered the Royal Sultini Kabob, which has three different types of kabob). All of the food was really great. The eggplant that comes with the kabobs and the chutney are fantastic. I recommend the Shami kabob. Overall a great place and I'd definitely go again.
I have tested several restaurant for Kobbideh Kebob menu and I can definitely say that this place serves the best Koobideh I have ever had. Don't miss their wraps they are really delicious and the price is amazing! you can have a chicken wrap for only 3.99$+tax!!
great taste, generous portions, comfortable atmosphere. excellent value. 
so far i've tried their koobideh, joojeh and chenjeh, which are fantastic. 
when you get the platter w/ rice, you'll still get salad, so you won't leave hungry. 
the tomatoes are roasted so nicely too. they really cover their bases with everything and leave you satisfied.
Best Kebob ever! This restaurant offers variety of Persian dishes at a reasonable price. Totally recommended.
great food, good service and charming staff.. been here a couple times so far and was never disappointed... K/W finally has a great persian restaurant...
This is a new restaurant, beware the other reviews as management has flooded Yelp with over twelve 5+ reviews (all posted on June 10/11? Really?).

Weekday lunch: Service is friendly, but slow - there was only one person in charge of doing everything and it took longer than expected despite there only being 3 customers total. The owner likes to talk to people, no problem with that.

The $3.99 beef wrap is a good deal for its size. It was smaller than average and greasy, but definitely good value for the amount paid. Confusingly, veggie and chicken wraps are more expensive ($4.49 and $4.99 respectively - a veggie wrap more expensive than beef wrap!?)

Overall, 4 stars for good value after considering cost. Food had more taste than the more expensive Shawerma Plus ($8.69 incl. fries + drink) nearby, but was definitely smaller, greasier and unhealthier.... 

No posted menu, only the delivery menus so it is confusing when you first walk in where to order from.