waiters were snobs.

music was horrible!--sorry am not a country music fan.

overall, a disappointment...and i was so excited, too.
Expensive drinks.  Loud.  Themed.  Kinda gross.  

My real problem with this place is that they do not let you sleep on the floor of the patio, and sometimes when you're in Vegas, that's really all you need.  Not a long nap, but just 3 minutes - power nap.  But no, not at Jimmy Buffet's.  Within seconds there is a team of security around you asking you to take it elsewhere.  

Who wants to go somewhere like that?  Not me.
This is an okay place to get a burger and a margarita.  They're strong (both the burger and the margarita) but if you've been working a tradeshow and want to quickly get inebriated - come to margaritaville, have 2 perfect 'ritas, and all will be well in the world.
If you're a big Jimmy Buffet fan or just LOVE margaritas, this place is for you and you'd probably rate it 4 stars.
Not me.
I only like fruit-frozen blended margaritas and NOT smelly restaurant/bars that try too hard to resemble tropical locales that which I have actually been to--like Jamaica. 
And by smelly, I mean, "Why the heck do I detect an aroma of stale beer water slash stale air moldy ick ick ick!?"
I've been here before and had a burger.  Blah.  Not good, maybe even kinda boring and bland for the more than $10 it cost me. 

You're better off getting one of those Margaritas-by-the-yard at the Venetian Shops or the Alladin Shops.
Meh.

Don't get me wrong... Jimmy Buffet can be my friend. But Jimmy, let me tell you I won't be wasting away... or my money... again at Margaritaville.

Service was iffy... the food was even more questionable. A worse-than-cheezy cover band tried to "entertain" from the stage.

The only good thing? I snagged a postcard out of our bill folder and sent it to my mom. She was thrilled to get a postcard from me in Vegas, so I scored some points in that area at least!
Yea this place is kinda a tourist trap. So here's this huge two/three floor restaurant/bar that people can come and hang out with parrotheads and drink cheap tequila margaritas. Yes they carry the brand of their very own Margaritaville tequila. Good marketing concept. But tequila drinkers know that tequila should not be infused with sweet artificial flavors of coconuts, lime, oranges, etc....This place invites the smell and sounds of the islands. Ok the ghetto part. Where the stale beer lingers and the smell of sweat and suntan lotion lingers. 
As far as the food is concerned ok you gotta think typical bar/restaurant tropical cliche....
Uhm who has crab cakes? Ohhhh how original. "Yea the crabcakes are soooo goooood" bleh bleh
Wings - got wings? Ohhh yea wow..wings.....
What about coconut shrimp...? 
OH YEA THE COCONUT SHRIMP! Wow Fantastic...yea......
Well I had apps and they really weren't bad....because they were like costco brand. Maybe I'm just not impressed anymore and I need something more original? Maybe it's just overpriced and I'm bitter because the tequila is not that high quality and I need something with uhmph!
Fun place to chill with a lot of friends and I really like the outdoors patio.  This is a good starting spot in Vegas.  The food wasn't great, but I guess that's not the point.  

If you go, try to sit on the patio on the 3rd floor.  It is less crowded than downstairs and has a cooler atmosphere.
I'm not a parrothead by any means, but Margaritaville wasn't all that bad.  It smelled no worse than Caesar's Palace or anywhere else on the outside of Vegas (I kept smelling raw sewage everywhere....ewwwww) and I could smell inside Margaritaville was food.  It was a great place to go with my coworkers because a) you didn't need to dress up post-tradeshow, b) we got funky balloon hats to help lighten somber moods, and c) it was quick, the food was pretty damn decent, and there was alcohol involved.  While I prefer my neighbourhood 'rita the best (Maiz, Chicago), Margaritaville does a decent job.
I came back here again for a frozen margarita (more than once) & was impressed that this time I tasted the tequila in their berry margaritas. The food usually is consistently good from burgers, we ordered just a seared tuna appetizer which I thought was a good Asian fusion with the spices & unique coleslaw to cool down the spiciness.
The times I've gone were around lunch to afternoon times.
This place cost me $35 for two small sized margarita's (came with the collectable plastic glass). The margarita's were watered down and gave me a headache from all the sugar & salt in them. Out of all the margarita's I have downed in the last few years this was the worst.
Apparently peope don't like Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville. Smelly atmosphere, long waits, tourist trap...

I actually had a decent time there, and maybe it was because I was there during lunch hour on a weekday. I had the pulled pork sandwich, which was very good...and like four Patron margaritas. 

I can see how it could get packed and ugly, but it was great when I was there...
There's nothing better than a fun group of people, warm weather and a Mai Tai in my hand.  Yes, I'm that easy to please. The Volcano Nachos and strawberry daiquiris are way good too.  

If your crew is into margaritas, there is this jumbo concoction that you can order.  It's a huge tube filled with margarita dispensed through a tap.  It sits at your table for you to use at your convenience.  They say it serves up to eight, but a group of 4 at our table made short work of the contents within an hour :)  A word to the wise, try and get them to change the tequila they use to a top shelf brand; their homemade concoction is icky (and has made some of the folks at my table sick in the past).

One other note, there is an lovely outdoor patio upstairs (on the 3rd floor?) with plenty of shade.  The line for seating up there was MUCH shorter than the line downstairs.  We were told that our party of 12 would be seated in 2 hrs. downstairs, so we left our name, but then went upstairs to try our luck.  We were seated in 35 minutes, yay!
Reason:
Wandering the strip, and my sister had heard this place was pretty good.

Bueno:
The food is really good for the price. Everything on our table was delicious!! Nachos, cheeseburger, steak and shrimp...frickin' awesome. I didn't drink, so I don't know how the alcohol was.

No Bueno:
The waitress was pretty shitty. She could've learned to smile JUST a bit and took a good long time to take care of us. That, and I really don't care much for Jimmy...and his music got old by the time we left. I can't imagine working there and hearing that music ALL the time.
Kind of like a theme restaurant/bar for 40 year olds who like to feel like they've still got it. Nothing worth going out of your way for. I stayed at the Flamingo so it was connected to my hotel, otherwise I never would have gone in. Nice view of the Strip from the rooftop deck, decent margaritas (they'd better be), mediocre cover band playin in the main room. Not bad, not good.
1st star: Nachos are huge
2nd star: Mango margaritas are really yummie
3rd star: Friendly Hostesses! 

Other than those three things, there really isn't anything super special about this spot. It was fun but only for a minute and only until these dudes walked in with their tiny lil nut cutter bootie shorts on, sportin "HOOTERS" on the back. that was a joke. i was hoping it was just a bad dream. these dudes' nuts were hangin' out of their shorts. it was embarassing. even i was ashamed for them!! 

I got into it with one of the dudes there because she had smashed my girlfriend's toes with his huge paws...but whatever! He knew better. =P
This definitely screams tourist trap, but it's a fun place too. My friends and i had drinks and nachos here and boy those nachos....it's enough to feed a family 10 i think. The margaritas are good, unless you get it on the rocks, you can't really taste the alcohol in the frozen ones, but they are still yummy. The staff and our waitress was pretty cool, they had a good energy and seemed (at least seemed) to be enjoying themselves. I'm only giving it three stars just because it's nothing really special and it wouldn' t make me have to come here the next time, you know?
I'm not a huge Jimmy Buffett fan, but I do love me some Ritas! We had a late lunch last week after we touched down and the nachos were super yummy but the Perfect Margarita was watered down and rather pettite. We split some burgers that were pretty juicy, but once I browsed the touristy gift shop, I was just about ready to write this place off, but I thought, hey I'm a little grumpy from traveling (I know, it's only 1.5 hours, but still) so I'll give it another try. We decided to stop by the bar the last day we were there (hours before we had to catch our plane) and I had 3 Perfect Margaritas. OK, I should have stopped at 2 b/c the drinks at the bar are way bigger and stronger than anything in the restaurant, plus it always helps to make friends with the bartender. So, the lesson learned, skip the restaurant but hit the bar for a killer Perfect Margarita and all you penny-pinchers, remember to tip your bartender. Good tips = good drinks!
A fun place, with okay food.  I'm not a Parrot-head or whatever, but I still had a good time.  Normally I'd say it's expensive, but considering it's Vegas I guess it was a pretty reasonable lunch (my wife and I ate lunch - hamburger and a club, had a couple of drinks) and it was about a $100.  If I had one down the street I'd probably never go, but since I was on vacation it was a pretty cool place to grab a bite.
Hands down my favorite place in Las Vegas.  Is it because...the bartenders give me free drinks?  There's no cover?  You can park at O'shea's, grab a dollar draft and then hop across the street?  The outside bar on the upstairs balcony?  The drummer is cute and one of the coolest guys you'll ever meet?  Yes to all of the above.  Plus, and maybe most importantly, excellent captain and cokes served here.  If you're not in the mood to be a poser at one of the ultra groovy night clubs, this is a very chill spot on the strip.  Also, they have a ginormous nacho plate, if you're into that.
I enjoyed myself here, but it's not a place you want to spend the entire night. It's better to stop by here as part of your Vegas crawl. Their exotic drinks were good, and the band was all right. This is a bit of a place for an older crowd. This one was a lot better than the one in Myrtle Beach for sure.
I'm a Parrothead and had never been to a Margaritaville.  We stopped there for lunch when we arrived in Vegas.   Parking at the Flamingo Hilton was easy (Valet) but the cafe is on the opposite end of the hotel - be prepared for a bit of a walk.

The decor/atmosphere was great - not as tacky or flashy as I had imagined.   Margaritaville radio was playing and it wasn't too loud.   

Food was better than I expected.  We had the Volcano nachos (HUGE!) and the "Cheeseburgers in Paradise".  The cheeseburgers were fine (nothing special) but the fries were great.   My one complaint is that the service was very slow.  (it wasn't crowded).    

Of course there is a massive gift shop.   Overall I was pleased and would go back for lunch.
Good place to go for a early dinner and get a jump on the night with some high quality drinks.  If you have been drinking Jim Beam and Jack Danials like they quit make'n the suff this would be a nice frozen break.  I about went to break the speakers cuz i love buffett but if you are their to long you will want to leave cuz of the music.  Avg food, Great drinks and nice deck area.
We went here for a sports game and sat at the bar.  We had the volcano nachos: chili and the works on them.  They were some of the best Nachos I have ever had, and absolutely huge.  They were around $10 bucks and we couldn't finish them as our meal!  Also, we had house margaritas.  They were around $7.50 and very delicious and very potent.  You are feeling pretty tipsy after 2.  I was skeptical, but our experience was a great value.
The only thing that saves this place is the location.  Right on the strip near the Flamingo, across from Bellagio.  Right on the corner.  Can't be beat.

I was feeling fruity and got a strawberry daquiri here once.  It was way too strong and really wasn't the iced adult beverage you expect.  Instead it came out of some slurpee type dispenser.  Please put a little effort in if I'm paying 10 bucks!  Is a blender too much to ask?

Margaritaville is a good rendezvous point to start the night because it's easy to find/get to.  Don't stay too long unless you like being butts to nutts with tourists.  Maybe it's slightly better during the week?
Being a fan of Jimmy Buffett, I really like this place.

I've been here several times in the past, and have always loved the party atmosphere in the place, and also love the Cheeseburger in Paradise, with lettuce and tomato, heinz 57 and french fried potato, big kosher pickle and cold draft beer.

This last time I was there was the first time there wasn't a live band performing, I was able to watch the show where the girl climbs up the volcano, falls into it, and emerges out of it in a bikini, slides down the mountain, and ends up in a huge glass of margaritta.

I guess it is a bit expensive for some people, but overall, I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the decorations, the fact that there are no slot machines or tables in the place, etc.
Jimmy Buffett would be ASHAMED with what is happening at this particular restaurant. I really don't see him kicking back with a margarita and listening to loud R&B music with flashing studio lights.  The ambiance was LOUD and frat boy-esque.  There were NO tables away from the blasting music... and it was quite dark inside.  The volcano nachos were weird... SERIOUSLY???? Cheese whiz on 15 buck nachos??? They were large in portion... but NOT worth hot dog stand quality cheese.  The soup i had was okay... nothing to write home about. We had to flag down a waitress about 4 times... but she WAS "swamped" so... who knows?! Margarita was alright... the atmosphere really ruined everything. NO GOOD.
Definitely touristy, lots of families, wait seems pretty much forever (or 45 minutes, whichever comes first). And yet the ambiance is great, the staff are friendly, the food is surprisingly good, and it isn't very expensive. Gotta get the Margies, of course - and I would recommend Jimmy's Jammin Jambalaya.

Plastic accepted, of course. Music would be better if they actually *finished* one of Buffet's songs.
Volcano Nachos. Get these and you will be happy. I finished it between me and my gf, but it could have easily been shared with 3 or 4. Ridiculous. Margaritas are ok, I got the big Rita I think, and it came with a nice cup to take home. Nice and loud.. rowdy ambiance. I liked it a lot. 

Plus they had pirates, lifeguards, and seamen (oh yeah) walking around on stilts making balloons. We got a shark and flower hat.. pretty weak.. should have gotten the animal or viking hat.

Oh and a tip... the bar is first come first serve seating.. so go and camp out some tables and don't wait in line like the other chumps.
Definitely touristy and overpriced.  But, when I was visiting in the summer and it was 110 degrees outside and I was carrying my shopping bags, I stopped in for a refreshing frozen drink and, I gotta tell ya, it sure hit the spot.  I had the banana colada drink (the pina colada with some banana flavoring dumped in) and I did like it.  It was pretty sweet but it was so cold and the sun was so hot that I didn't mind.  I sat at the bar and the extremely friendly bartender kept giving me samples of other flavors, too, so that was a bonus.  

I only sat at the sidewalk bar and had no food but I had a nice time and enjoyed my drink.  Since it was pricey, I was leaning toward a 3 star rating but the bartender was so nice that I bumped it up to 4 stars.
Every time I go to Vegas, I gotta hit up Margaritaville!!  

The decor is kinda all over the place.  Surfboards on the walls, Tiki hut bar, and waiters dressed as pirates on stilts making balloon hats?  Hahaha, wtf.  I got a heart hat and my friend got one with a turtle, kinda.  

The margaritas are good--I go for the mango margarita, simple but it was made perfectly (when I had it).  Nachos are of course the big hit with its portion.  Oh, and you know when you're in Vegas when there's a woman in a bikini who dances around the restaurant, climbs up the roof of the tiki hut bar, and slides down into a big ass margarita blender while doing a water show!  Haha, very entertaining!
One of the more reasonably priced places on the strip to have a bite to eat.  The food didn't stand out, but I remember it to be good.  The drinks were yummy and cheap.  We got our mid afternoon drink on.  Great place to step inside and cool off from the over 100 degree heat in the summer.
During my last vacation in Vegas, Margaritaville was the first stop during our first night out.  We wanted our first night to be more relaxing, so we decided to get some drinks and walk around the strip.  While we were at Margaritaville, we sat in the outdoor bar at the top.  I'm not sure if we would have had as much fun if we were in the main area of the restaurant, since it's pretty loud and full of people.  However, the outdoor bar was really chill with a full bar and bunch of tables. 

And just as Benjamin Y. mentioned, the tables are first come first serve. We finally figured that out after a waitress told us to sit anyhwere we wanted.  We were able to get a table at the edge of the bar area , with a great view of Caesar's palace and got to watch the packed outdoor patio of Pure Nightclub.

The great thing about this place is that it's on the strip, but it's not super fancy, so the prices are good. The drinks that I had while we were here were very good, and ranged around $7 for shots, and $8-$10 for cocktails... Definitely a lot better than other places on the strip or in the casinos.

If you're having a casual night out, I would suggest Margaritaville as one of your stops... Save some money and sit around and listen to r&b/hip hop, and of course the live singing... you can laugh at the people who suck at singing... (no offense to those who have sang live there.. but it's entertaining)
The food here was decent, and decent price for Vegas.  I had their mushroom burger.  

They have a waterslide inside, where a half naked chick slides down as they sing a song.  That was interesting.
We all know Jimmy Buffet, and we all are aware of his love for all things tropical. His restaurant on "the strip" in Vegas is pretty darn fun. It is very VERY large and ALWAYS booming with people. I really enjoyed the men on stilts walking around making creative things with balloons. The margaritas were great, but I only gave it 4 stars because the food was not phenomenal. It is one of the cheaper places to eat on the strip, which draws a crowd, but the food was so so. At night it turns in to a dance club, which I hear is pretty fun.

This is one to check out wile your visiting....if nothing else, get a balloon hat, cool off from the 100 degree heat or enjoy a margarita ;o)
Great place for a relatively inexpensive meal.  Considering everything on the strip costs an arm and a leg!  The beer selection was good.  The margaritas were very good (and strong!).  We tried the nachos.  OMG!  These were possibly the best nachos I have ever had!  We wound up going there twice because we were impressed the first time.  The burgers are average.  If you go, go up to the 3rd floor as there is a bar and outdoor seating overlooking the strip.  VERY awesome!  Highly recommend!
I hated this place.  So tacky.  So loud... and not club/cool loud, cheesy cover band loud.  Annoying guy walking around on stilts making balloon animals.  Super overpriced food.  PASS!
1.5 hr wait!!! no thanks. i'll just take my margarita on to go then.

i've eaten here a couple of times, typical bar food, nothing special. but their margaritas are pretty good!! i usually stop by here for a margarita, then i'm on my way to the next blackjack table, donating to the las vegas cause.
My first visit was late in the evening on my first trip to Vegas.  It was a Monday night and the place was absolutely dead.  We were so bored that we barely made it through one drink.  

My second visit was much better.  We went there for lunch and sat on the rooftop area.  The view was excellent, the Margaritas were fantastic and the atmosphere in general screamed Carribean vacation.  It was what I was looking for the first visit.  I think the key is to go when you can sit out on the rooftop and soak in the rays.  It likely helps them sell more Margaritas that way too!
Meh....as expected for a chain restaurant in Vegas.  Everything was average....food emphasized quantity over quality, cocktails were ok, and service was average.  I found the crowd annoying....it's kind of a place where people stumble in off the street so you get a lot of that vibe in the restaurant.
3rd floor patio is a great view of the Strip. Food is typically chain food, time tested to be mediocre but good enough that it's not distracting from the fun. The only time I'd come here is if I was meeting friends from out of town.

DO NOT get the margaritas frozen from the machine. They're WEAK. Get the bartender to mix one up for you on the rocks. But that generally the case in any place that has a margarita machine.
We never felt like waiting in line for dinner.. but it was convienient for a quick breakfast stop ... Mostly just omlets, and I think they were about 12-13 bucks a peice... but we sat on the 3rd floor overlooking the strip and Ceaser's... 

They were GIANT omlets though, both of us only finished half.  Maybe they should make half portions.. or next time maybe we'll share one!  I hate wasting food .. especially if i'm paying 12 bucks for a couple eggs... :)
This place was decent, although holy insane crowds, batman! It was a Saturday evening in Vegas, so I expected it to be busy, but wow. When we finally were seated an hour later, we ordered drinks, which were ok. My boyfriend got a bartender's margarita, and ironically, he said it was one of the worst ones he'd ever had. I'm partial to sweet drinks, but even mine was so sweet I had a hard time getting it down. 

Our food was pretty good, and the strange people on stilts (I didn't get it) were nice, albeit a little creepy. I think we both went here to say we'd been, but I doubt we'll go again next time we're in Vegas. If for no other reason, than I don't know if I could listen to that many Jimmy Buffet songs in a row again.
Went here the other day so I could feel like a tourist... it definitely put me in that "I'm on vacation" kind of mood. The wait sucked, but once we sat down we found the food to be decent. Nachos were pretty good, but coming from Texas I've eaten far better nachos in my day... bigger doesn't always mean better! Drinks were decent but pricey (when on the strip one can't be in denial, you have to learn to accept that all drink prices suck!). 

Atmosphere was incredibly cheesey.. but it will put you in that vacation mood!
Great way to kill some time in between losing tons of cash at the tables in Vegas. Right on the strip and plenty of room in this giant bar/restaurant. They are blasting songs from the likes of Jack Johnson, Dave Matthews and of course the man himself Jimmy Buffett. We did not eat and hung out on the front porch area while killing some time before seeing a concert. Drank many beers,pina coladas and of course margaritas. The porch is a great location to do some people watching and getting wasted as the hot Vegas sun beams down on you. I go to Vegas often and seem to always find myself here for a drink. Touristy it is...but who cares the drinks are great and honestly Vegas is pretty much an entire tourist trap.
Went on a Friday night with a group of friends.

Good points:
Location
Atmosphere is fun, people wanting to party
Our server was great, very on the ball
Plain margarita was strong, so I felt I got my $$ worth
Food prices were decent
View from 2nd floor of strip at night is great!

So/So points:
Very loud music, hard to hear conversations
Food is sorta blaw, felt like a Chilli's/TGIF menu?
May priority seating reservations or you will wait forever

Overall, a good time, but nothing to write home about.
I recently visited Margaritaville to grab a couple of drinks with a friend, and I have upgraded the place from "I don't want to go there" to "I don't mind going there."  I'll be honest, I'm not crazy about the place.  The house band is loud and pretty cheezy IMHO, but everyone else in the world seems to enjoy 'em.  The bar is always super packed, hence next to impossible to get a drink.  And the prices are pretty hefty for being just a shitty little bar.

Why the upgrade?  Well, on the Tuesday night I went, it was pretty empty.  My friend and I found seats at the bar and had a very friendly bartender who was able to assist us in charging our drinks to my friend's room at Harrah's.  Kind of a cool Harrah's perk, I guess.  Great place for people watching on the patio, too.

If it's my choice, though, I'll pick a different spot to go eat or drink at.
We visited Margaritaville a few times during our stay in Vegas last weekend.  I thought that overall--the food was a great value for the price--for Vegas anyway and the drinks were yummy!  

I would suggest that they add a Mojito to the drink menu tho....come-on now!!...get some damn mint!!

The 3rd floor is great for people watching, the guy on stilts is cool and I really liked the whole decor of the place.  

Service on the whole was very good!

Gift shop is, of course, extremely overpriced but whatcha gonna do....

There were some anirondack chairs in the hallway into the giftshop that seemed to have a mysterious effect on anyone who sat down in them--whenever we walked past the chairs there was at least one person totally zonked out sleeping with mouth open---musta had one too many perfect margaritas.....
it's MARGARITAVILLE! right there the stars are earned. our wait was so ridiculous.. over an hour. we were a group of 8 on a friday night, so i can't complain much. we had the margarita dispenser which is GENIUS!!

imagine a long cylinder filled with cuervo margaritas, with a dispenser on the bottom. it makes a great margarita-bong! we ordered appetizers of nachos (HUGE) and entrees of cheeseburgers (in paradise) and different american-type foods.

fun, entertaining, and a gift shop on the second floor with tons of cute-but-touristy merchandise.

if you're in vegas, which i know you will be!, you have to stop here. try lunch, if possible. the wait won't be so bad.
I love Jimmy Buffet, so why not eat at his restaurant.  I got a large margarita that came with a glass, I collect the cocktail glasses when ever I go somewhere.  I think it was like $13 or something around that.  My dad got the regular and it was filled with more ice than anything... so always get the large which my dad usually does.  

I ate the tortilla soup, which was great! We also got the appetiser nachos because we were not that hungry.  Man those nachos could have been dinner for 2 to 3 people and I'm sure would be fantastic if your drunk or hung over.

Recap: Get Large Margarita with take away glass and NACHOS!!!!
I was fortunate to be invited/included with a hotel group who were being treated to lunch as part of this restaurant's effort to help stimulate more business in this downturned economy. Part of lunch was the "grand tour" of the facility which is huge, seats 1200 people, employees 200-300 and hopes for business in Las Vegas to start an upward spiral.  Even with all comped, i must say the service was efficient and friendly, food items for all 7 of us were tasty, plentiful, cooked well and imaginative. Drinks were good as well. If I had a negative, it was that the noise level is very high. But, what they do is done well. It isn't a quiet sit down type of place... its' bubbly and party time atmosphere.
Went here for my birthday!!

Very Loud, awesome food and awesome drinks!

all i can say is.......wasting away again in Margaritaville
Cheesy in a good way.  I felt like I was eating dinner on spring break here.  Huge vat of margarita with pouring spout, tacky boat decor, dvd of Jimmy buffet concerts playing, and waiters wearing hawaiian shirts.  It sounds like I'm knocking this place, but I had a lot of fun with my friends here.  The atmosphere is really casual especially for vegas.  It looked like a SF fisherman's wharf crowd here if you know what I mean.
our waiter was a typical beach bum dufus in that he brought our drinks to a table nearby, then spaced out actually serving them us! however, once we got the drinks, my Top Shelf Marg was superb... one of the best ever. And our dinner, ribs and Cuban sandwich were really pretty good, exceeding our expectations to be sure. Not too expensive. 
Perfect way to feed the family well at Vegas, without stopping to crappy food court food or McDonalds, or without spending a ton of money at fancier places.
The wait for a table can be long.   If you're downstairs.   Go upstairs and jump in line.   We were seated within 5-10 minutes (downstairs where it was hot and muggy, we were told an hour).   We were seated outside on the deck overlooking the Strip.  The weather was perfect and it was SO nice!   

The food was good.   Pretty much what you'd expect from a chain type restaurant.   The servings were HUGE, so consider splitting one dish.  Hey, you can always order more if you're still hungry, right?

Great service.   We were moved to a table against the railing when I requested instead of back against the wall, which was super nice of them.  Pirates on stilts were hobbling around making balloon animals for random tables.  They skipped ours.  Boo!

Loved the classic rock they had playing over satellite radio.   Not too loud, so we could still have a conversation without being drowned out.
It does take a while to get seated. We waited for about 25 mins or so. There is a lot of people around 6pm. The interesting thing is that they have these people who walk on those wooden thingys that make them really tall and they make balloon animals and stuff. We stayed long enough to see the volcano erupt with margarita and there's this girl that slides down into a cup filled with margarita. She does a little dance. The volcano nachos were really good! we asked for more guacamole and it was free. We also had the coconut fried shrimp with mashed potatoes and steamed veggies. It was okay. The shrimp was fried too crispy and hard. The veggies were too soft. The mashed potatoes was the only good thing. I didn't get to try the drinks here though. The atmosphere here is a bit too noisy for me and my bf.
While on my own little Vegas vacation, my family and I passed this awesome little spot on the strip, and I just HAD to check it out.  Being a huge fan of the beverage perfection that is the margarita, I dragged my family in.

There was a small wait during midday Tuesday (about 15 min), but the waiting area was comfortable and air conditioned, and the staff was very friendly overall.  I started off with their "Perfect Margarita", which consisted of both gold and silver margaritaville tequila (which I guess was to be expected considering it's Jimmy Buffet's own brand), and it was one of the better restaurant made margaritas that I've had recently.

As an appetizer, the 4 of us split an order of conch fritters (6), which were very tasty.  It would have been very easy to eat the whole appetizer solo, but I'm glad I didn't, because I definitely wanted room for the main course.

My main dish was Jamaican Jerk Shrimp and pasta, which came with a creme sauce that was spicy, but not overbearingly so.  The shrimp were large, and there was a good amount of them, as well.  I couldn't help but finish the whole plate off, the entree was so good I could have licked my plate clean if I wasn't in public.  My sister got the king crab and shrimp salad, and though I only tasted a small portion of it, I was impressed, and would order it the next time.
Hit and miss..hope to god you dont get seated under an a/c vent cause you will freeze! haha. the food is ok...ive had the chicken sandwich which was one of the best i have ever had, then ordered it again on a later visit and was very disappointed. The crab dip is really good, very cheesy. The best thing about this place is that if you order a drink and you dont like it, they happily swap it out with something else for you
After a night of clubs and lines, Margaritaville was a welcome change.  Who cares that we were totally overdressed, it was just wonderful to have a place where a margarita cost $7.50 (especially after paying twice that much for a beer elsewhere).  

Going in the later hours of the night / early hours of the morning, there were no lines (in stark contrast to all clubs), there was a live band (not a DJ), and plenty of places to sit where you didn't have to pay the cost of a used car.

The margaritas were good, strong, and priced to impress.  Same goes for the frozen margarita/sangria concoction my friend got that was nothing short of wonderful.  Had a great time here.
Our group seemed to flock to this place.  One night we had the entire upper deck to ourselves for a party with a private band, which was pretty cool, the other nights we mixed in with everyone else downstairs (and danced to another band) the band was good, there were pleanty of places to sit - which was also nice, but it's just Margaritaville really.  Very touristy, and not exactly my type of place.

There was food at the private party, but I didn't try any of it - looked good tho.
I found myself walking...yes WALKING in the dead heat of summer past Margaritaville, and to tell you the truth, nothing sounded better than a big frozen margarita at that moment. In I hobbled, as I was wearing high heels ( who does this during the day besides strippers....oh wait, me..) and was greeted by the host. Friendly and efficiently, I was led directly to the bar, where the bartender was right there to fulfill my every frozen margarita need. He recommend several, and I sat there and drank three so quickly I got instant brain freeze. His suggestions were well worth it, and my craving for frozen alcohol was satisfied. Prices were decent for Vegas, not cheap by any means, but not outrageous as poolside ritas would have been.
I don't think I'd come here for food, as there are so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, but when in need of a quick refreshing frozen rita, I'll be right back at Margaritaville.
Great (but not strong) margaritas. Average food and ambiance. I have tried most of the frozen margaritas here. Mango is the best. Wildberry is solid too. Pomegranite is average. Lime is average. It's a tasty margarita, though for $7 it's a bit overpriced for the lack of alchy inside. The food here is nothing to marvel at. The jerk salmon and sweet pork sandwich are solid. The broccoli and chicken pasta is unremarkable and overpriced. Their hourly margarita volcano is lackluster. A decent lunch on the strip, but I think I'd rather go elsewhere in Vegas.
located in flamingo hilton, this restaurant kinda reminds me of rainforest cafe, hard rock cafe, etc. you know, typical americanized food options, somewhat long wait, and a store in the front. well, the store does allow you to pass the time while you wait for a table. but how long can you look at merch with "margaritaville" all over it? 

i must say, though, that the food is definitely good here. i ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich with mixed greens and blue cheese. it was awesome. my sis had a cheeseburger that came with jalapenos, and i stole those babies and put them in my burger. HEAVEN. came with a side of yummy fries. 

when we were there, they also had this show where pirates on stilts came out, starting blowing whistles, and i guess a "margarita girl" was dancing around and splashing around in a pool of margarita. i don't know, it was kinda weird, i couldn't really see it 'cause the sun was shining in my eye, and the whistles were kinda annoying. but the stilts were cool, i'll give them that.

this place was just way too loud though. i don't mind people talking, but when the music is blaring through the speakers and everyone's shouting to be heard, it can really mess up a meal. it makes it impossible to communicate with anyone. 

i guess this place gets really busy though, 'cause it was reeeeeally hard to flag down our waiter. well, most of the time, we couldn't even find him! 

i guess this place is just meh...good sandwich, but not something to go BANANAS over. you might want to stay away from the jambalaya though. from what i heard, it was kinda salty.
I don't care what anyone else says, there are just so many reasons to give this place 5 stars:

1) The super-friendly and attentive waiter, who always had the right drink suggestion when you just couldn't decide.

2) The Italian margarita, which tasted like mobsters and biscotti, except in yummy margarita form. One of the best (and most unique) margaritas I've ever had.

3) The cover band, playing all sorts of songs we could sing along to obnoxiously. Most notably, "Livin' on a Prayer." And, of course, Jimmy Buffett tunes.

4) The totally insane patrons dancing along to said cover band. There were these 2 girls in particular, I was so proud of them. Dancing out there on the empty dance floor all alone, waving their arms and flouncing about. Eventually they got a bunch of people out there with them. Not Jess and I though, we were content to watch and be entertained.

5) The cheeseburgers -- Jimmy Buffett would be proud.

6) The patrons passed out in deck chairs out in the hallway.

Seriously, this is my new favorite bar. Ever. And there's a gift shop where you can get all your Jimmy Buffett gear! Score!
This review is only for the margaritas. 

Wow! So good I don't care about how calorific it is or how hung over I will be after 4 or 5 of these. They are just that good!! 

I think if you are in Vegas and it's freaking hot out, you gotta have at least one. Especially the frozen ones. Not as much variety of tequila as El Jardin at Santana Row (Bay Area, CA) but still good quality margaritas.
Spent a lot of time here on the last trip to Vegas, good times!!

They have really good Pina Coladas.... however expensive but they're worth it!  Gotta love a place with more than one bar, a dance floor, restaurant, and a store... so much going on! 

The live band was good and played a wide variety of music.. there weren't too many people gettin down on the dance floor though, but once we got the drinks rolling it was a good time!  

They have this weird lil game right before you walk into the store with a metal ring on a cord... I can't get it to work to save my life... 

The store has so much cute stuff I found it necessary to blow some money in there too =)  Saw a guy passed out in one of the adirondack chairs in the hallway... take note, do NOT sit in a really low adirondack chair if you are wearing a skirt/dress... bad idea! 

Funniest thing is, I hate tequila, we are not friends but I had a great time here anyway!  Definitely check it out!
I have to say, I really had a great time at this restaurant!  We started off at the bar, and had a margarita.  Yeah, they are a bit pricey, but man, they were worth it!  Then, we were finally seated, and ordered drinks at our table (after we finished our margaritas)..  Then came the insanity.  We ordered the nachos as an appetizer, and I swear it could have been a meal for both of us.  The platter was HUGE, and the nachos were overflowing the plate!  It was amazing - and they tasted very good too!

The rest of the food was excellent too.  The burgers and the chicken were spot on!  And it was fun to watch the insanity that goes on around in this place.  I think this place is better off for the atmosphere itself, but the food does not take anything away either.  It's plenty different from all the other restaurants on the strip, but if you are looking to have some fun, and a good meal, how could you go wrong in Margaritaville??

....wasting away in margaritaville.....
One word, OVERATED!  Food was just ok, nothing special.  Atmosphere was over the top and trying too hard.
If you're into Jimmy Buffet, I can see how this place would be Mecca. But I'm not. So its not. 

I've only been here like three times and all three times were for lunch. 

When we went they did the whole thing where the hot girl jumps in the margarita tank and the volcano erupts. Its for the tourists and the kids, really. 

Anyways. The food is okay. Its just an over-priced burger joint. I've had a veggie burger. Nothing fancy to it. Same with the coconut shrimp served with orange marmalade, veggies, and mashed potatoes. Its SUPPOSED to be one of their specialties. Big fat MEH. 

The service is always friendly and the bathrooms are clean. But I still kind of feel like the place is trashy. 

The frou-frou margaritas are pretty good. But they better be for $8-10. And since "margarita" is in the name of the joint. 

Parking is kinda crappy. The closest parking is in the structure NEXT door to Flamingo's. O'Shea's is in the same building. But every time I've been, you almost have to drive to the roof to get parking. And the lot is damn confusing. Then you have to walk across the alley, passing the big dumpster behind Margaritaville which smells like dying animals. Enjoy!
Damn, check out Hiland H.'s Nachos in the pics, that's exactly what we had and we still couldn't finish the motherfucker. 

The portions are ricockulous! 

We also had some of the margaritas, and one of them was so strong and nasty, I couldn't even finish it! That's actually pretty cool, I've never NOT been able to finish a margarita. Can I have some margarita with my tequila?  ;-)

The prices are alright, and the food is very good. STRONG DRINKS! It was walking distance from the Harrah's, where we stayed.
This is pretty much my worst nightmare: a giant restaurant with multiple bars that serves huge-ass margaritas and plays Jimmy Buffet music and videos NON-STOP. 

Needless to say, this was not my choice. Mom & Aunt wanted to go here SO BADLY, and apparently everyone else in Vegas did too, as the wait time for dinner at 8:30 on a Friday was an hour and half. 

When we finally did get in (seated at a table with its own video monitor - hooray!), we ordered and got our food approx. 45 minutes after that. You'd think after waiting for so long that anything I ate would be good, but that was not the case. The nachos and chicken strips were horrific, people. NACHOS. How do you F up nachos and chicken strips?? HELLO. 

In fact I think the only person who liked what they ordered was my aunt, who had the steak - and whose love of Jimmy Buffet made the whole place seem like Paradise to her (I refuse to make the obvious cheeseburger joke here!). 

I went here in the Spring of 2008, and just recently walked by on my last Vegas trip and it was still as packed now as it was then - all day, everyday. I have no idea what the draw of this place is, but I will NEVER be going back.
I love this silly place. It's loud, it's a bit obnoxious and the booze here is actually delicious. Wait, it sounds like my house..... anyways, I always have the best time here. I'm not much a fan of Jimmy Buffets music, luckily there was a band playing stuff I actually liked (Johnny Cash, Sublime etc.) while I was there. 
I've been here twice so far, both times I ordered the ahi seared tuna appetizer, calypso coconut fried shrimp and at least a couple pink cadillac margaritas... 
I was more than pleased with my selections because when I come back for my 24th birthday that's exactly what I'm ordering again.   :)

Update: went back on my 24th bday (12/21) and did just that! Had the same waiter as last time, he was a doll. Great food, reasonable prices we had a blast!
If this place only served the Yard-a-rita (a gi-normous yard tall test tube of Margarita with a spout at the bottom), then I'd give it 4 stars.  If they only served food, I'd give them 2 stars.  So I averaged it out.

If  you are going to call one of your dishes "Cheeseburger in Paradise," then it better be the best damn cheeseburger on the planet, and frankly, it is just ok.  

My sister ordered a pasta with chicken in alfredo sauce.  I'm sure they took 5 frozen dinners out of the freezer, zapped them, and put them in a dish.

If a drunk guy doesn't think the food is fantastic then there's a problem.

This is a tourist trap, plain and simple.  It's only saving grace is the monster margarita that could serve a small country, or Maryland.  We didn't even finish it (we were already quite saucy).  I had to hand the drink off to the table next to us as I stumbled out the door.
I had a great experience here. My friends and I sat on an outside patio overlooking the strip and Caesar's. 

We ordered margaritas OF COURSE which were f*cking amazing. And Nachos. Holy hell those things were HUGE. Check out my picture. We canceled our entrees after the nachos.

We sat and chilled, the waitress was awesome and fast, and its a nice experience. Definitely a great start to my Vegas vacation :)
So, after you've partied your ass off Vegas style and you crash in bed around 6 am you're going to wake up eventually and you're going to feel like crap.  Don't waste the day.  Wake up around 1:00pm or so, walk your sorry self down to Margaritaville and plop yourself at the bar.  The best cure is "a hair from the dog that bit you" or whatever that weird saying is...but it's true.  Order up their biggest "on the rocks" top-shelf margarita and suck it down.  Ahhhh, who needs advil!   

The food is mediocre at best, it's a chain so don't expect anything better.  It's a tourist trap.  Stick with the chips and salsa or something not so drenched in cheese and you'll do okay.  

Now that Jimmy's music is bringing your headache back full circle, flag down your waitress and ask for another margarita.  This time order it in the LARGE souvenir cup that you can take with you and drink as you walk the strip.  

Booze to go.... what could be better!
So i love Jimmy B, in fact I just got back from Vegas seeing him on his Year of Still Here Tour. We of course had to go to Margaritaville which we do every time we are in Vegas. As much as I want to LOVE this place, I just don't. The drinks are great and so is the atmosphere. The food though is so horribly unspectacular. If you have to eat, stick with the Volcano nachos. Their salads especially are a waste of space, unless you like lots of purple cabbage and minuscule pieces of mango! Even their quesadillas aren't too yummy and how much easier can a meal be to make...tortilla, cheese chicken? The service is excellent and friendly tho. Just drink when you are here, the margaritas are delish! You can get a 100oz Margarita in a tube... but be prepared to shell out $60!
on the strip=packed w/45 min wait. awesome decor-feels like you are @ beach resort. lots of jimmy buffett music, 3 stories-2 outside decks. lots of bars conveniently located & entertainment
so very cool. everyone was in costume and playing their roles. service was great-they did apologize for having to re-do our wings because of an accident in the kitchen. the put on a show to remember. a pretty long wait for everything though
awesome!! best steak!! cheeseburger was great down to the last bite. wings were great-spicy & meaty. soups were great-lots of flavor & meat(crab & chicken). veggies were crisp & fresh, everything was perfect. very limited menu though-no 1000 island dressing
terrific atmosphere-a partying good time-great eats-everyone in the place looked happy leaving. need some more on the menu though
It's a cheap place (compared to other establishments in Vegas) to take a time out from whatever it is that we do in Vegas.  Head upstairs, there is a first come first serve dinning deck upstairs and even the occasional live music.  It's touristy, chessy, but what isn't chessy and touristy on the strip in Vegas??

After food and drinks for the 6 of us, it came out to around $150 per with tip.  We took a shot or two... or three.

But hey, that is like a round of blackjack at the tables.
I like to come here during the day to relax. These margaritas and any other kinds of drinks you might fancy are available. I haven't had food here, but I'm sure it's up to par with these nice margaritas. It's a tourist trap, but I am one of the tourists when I come to Vegas. Margaritaville is one of gems in alcohol heaven aka Las Vegas.
I've tried to eat here twice.  The first time, at 9:30 PM, there was a huge line and a long, long wait to get in.   Went to the Victorian Room at Bill's instead.

The second time, I arrived at the entrance only to be told by the manager on duty that the restaurant was closing early because "it was so slow", and they wouldn't let me in.  What a crock of BS!  Closing early in Vegas????

That was the last chance I am going to give the place, so I'll just have to be satisfied with reading everyone else's reviews.
I'm going to keep this short.  

It was just like what you would expect - overpriced, too many tourists and average food and service.  

If you choose to eat here, it's b/c you probably just arrived and need to eat NOW...and it's across the street from all the major hotels and in a good location.

It's just OK.  Nothing special, unique or all that fun about it.  It's a chain and unless I'm in Ocho Rios, Jamaica, I just cannot get behind this restaurant.  But, it suffices for everything it is meant to do.  Feed you and draw you in b/c it's Jimmy Buffet's restaurant and force you to spend $12 on a burger - done and done.  This is what I have to say to that - blah blah blah - find a buffet. :)
Decent food and a fun time.  Better than what you would expect from your typical cheesy themed vegas bar/restaurant tied to a celebrity name.  Good place to grab a drink and a bite to eat with your friends before a late night.  Try to go when the waterslide performer is there.
Never in a million year would I have imagined I'd ever dine here!  Every time I passed by, there were tons of drunk and loud people standing around with big huge tall glasses of alcoholic drinks.  (Sorry, I don't drink so I have no idea what they are, most likely Margaritas'.)  On top of that, I HATE places with loud music!  They do a little show where a girl slides into a BIG margarita glass pool.  They also have several guys on stilts walking around and making balloon 'art'.  (Quite entertaining for kids actually.)  Seriously, this is not my kind of restaurant!  

When I got the $25 coupon in the mailer, I was going to just throw it away.  But then I thought, well, maybe, why not?  At worst, I just don't eat the food, right?  I am such a sucker for free food!   

We ordered the Coconut Shrimps and BBQ Babyback Ribs.  Wow, to my surprise, they were EXCELLENT!  Big plump crunchy shrimps with sweet/spicy sauce.  The mash potatoe was really really good and the  vegetables were not bad, either.  I can't stand soggy vegetables and these were fine.  

The Babyback Ribs were sooo tender they fell off the bones as you bite into them!.  You can choose one of the three BBQ sauce (South Pacific, Cilantro Pesto, or Guava BBQ).  I can't remember which one I had.  I just remember it was good!!!  

The price may seem a little high, but portion is BIG!  With the $25 coupon and the rest on the Players card points, free food never tasted so good!  

We had been back again since our first time and it was still good (and still free).
I was just sort of cruising the strip trying to figure out where to eat dinner.  It was in the 30s so most of my wanderings were inside the casinos as I made my way North.  This is where I was when I decided I was hungry.  Even though it was only around 6 most of the tables were being used.  I was seated right away and the service was generally good the whole meal.  I got a Filet ($24.95).  There was nothing great or bad about the food, the meat was medium, the vegetables were fully cooked without being mushy, I don't care for skins in my mashed potatoes but I lived through it.  The basic margarita ($8) was ok, certainly not great nor very large.

This is the only one I have been in even though there is one near where I live.  I would describe the atmosphere as organized chaos.  At ground level there were 2 stages and 2 bars and I got the impression some of the seating areas did double duty as food tables or bar tables depending on the day or time.  It was sort of confusing where the host station was unless you caught a glimpse of the sign on the front wall.  You could get into the dining area through one of the bars and there were several people who wandered in and had to get ushered over to the hostess station after they tried just taking a table or trying to share a table with another party.  The music videos were fairly loud and while it made for hard conversation it fit the place.
If you want a place where there's always a party going on, where they serve good food and great drinks, this is the spot! Every time we go to Vegas Margaritaville makes the cut as a "go to" place for at least one meal, without exception.  Yes, the wait can be lengthy but it never feels like it is as long as they say it is going to be, as there's plenty to do while waiting for the table to be ready. Shopping in the Margaritaville store, or even going those few extra steps into the casino at the Flamingo passes the time quite nicely. We have never had bad service at Margaritaville Cafe, quite the opposite in fact. If you're in a hurry they'll get you in and out, if you want to take a little more time they don't rush you through your meal.

About the music: If you are not a Parrothead you're not likely to get a whole lot out of the music. Most people who are unfamiliar with Jimmy's style don't get it, therefore they automatically say they don't like the music in the cafe. It is NOT country. Let me repeat that, Jimmy Buffett's music is NOT country. He has a style all his own, largely influenced by his love of all things Caribbean. His music has a rock/reggae/popish vibe Yes, he has collaborated on some songs with some of Nashville's biggest stars, but that is not his niche.

Lots of folks have indicated that this is not a good place for kids, I agree from the standpoint of why take a kid to Vegas (as a rule, I don't usually take my kids when I go). If I found myself down there with kids, however, I really think they would dig the Margaritaville Cafe. With everything going on in there as far as the volcano, the guys on stilts, the balloon animals, what kid wouldn't like that?

Heading down to Vegas in a few weeks, I'm thinking that the Margaritaville Cafe may end up being the first stop.
So we were in Vegas last week and stayed at the Flamingo.  One night we decided to check this place out.  It was odd that it was advertised by the Flamingo as one of their restaurants, but you have to walk outside the hotel to get inside this place.  

Inside there is a nice bar area with a list of many different margaritas, hence... never mind you should already know.  Anyway... the inside decor is unique; with fishing boats that you can eat in, fishing poles, big plastic fish and what not.  There was also a stage, but there wasn't anything going on that night.  

Atmosphere: 4
Service: 4
Food: 3.8 (Jerk Chicken=Spicy. but good see pic)
I had a group of 19 people go to Vegas to celebrate my birthday. I can not believe how well they accommodated our group. We called on Wednesday for reservations on Saturday. Originally they said nothing open but called us back in a couple hours saying "Something had opened up".
We arrived early for our reservation but hung out in the bar until our table was ready. It was the perfect fun environment to have fun and celebrate something. Like everyone else says the nachos are AMAZING! I had the chicken and broccoli pasta. It was nothing special but good. I loved my balloon hat with my age and proudly wore it gambling the rest of the night. It probably helped that as the birthday girl I demanded everyone else wear theirs too! haha! Overall I had a great time and out of 19 people no one had a single problem with food or service!
I came here for one of my birthday fiascos and it was so much fun. I honestly don't remember much about the food ... but one thing that I love here are the Margaritas??? NO....actually the MANGO DAQUIRI, so delish. I  would drink hose all day all the time if I could. 

It's a fun little restaurant. There is live entertainment in the form of a small production where a girl jumps into a small glass pool. It does get crowded and the lines are long, but you can always drink while you wait...and trust me you'll want a drink. 

Plus Jimmy Buffet music in the background....perfect. "I got two pina coladas....one for each hand..."
I love sitting on the Patio, Sipping a Margarita, eating one of the best cheesebugers ever, listening to Jimmy and watching the masses of people on The Strip!  This is not a place to go if you are in a hurry or on a schedule.  This is a place to go to enjoy your time, have a few(or more) drinks and remember: "It's 5 O'Clock Somewhere!"
I've been to a few different Margaritavilles around the country and this one is by far my favorite (some of the others are actually rather mediocre). It's always busy (AKA festive) and a great time. My favorite place to sit is up on the 3rd floor balcony overlooking the strip. As far as the food goes,  I'd recommend the nachos and the "cheeseburger in paradise." Food that I wouldn't quite recommend: Ahi tuna, crab/lobster dip (it was mostly cheese). 

As expected, the margaritas are fantastic- just take a peak at the first page inside the menu and you can see all their signature creations. Mmmmm.
A definite MUST stop at while in Vegas.  It's Jimmy Buffett's place, I mean who wouldn't love it?

Very chill and laid back place, LOTS of room.  Third floor bar(s) are cool because you get to look over the strip and watch all the stuff going on and stuff driving by.

Drinks are a plenty, order whatever you can think of, they'll make it.  Food is awesome.  I've heard the Ahi was dry but order a friggin Cheeseburger in Paradise because there's a song made after that - so you kind of have to :)

It's always a little busy but just get in there and have fun.  The staff is always nice and fun too.
Waiter, um, there is an exotic dancer in my margarita.
Oh, excuse me? That giant 10 foot tall swirling margarita directly behind me isn't for consumption? Damn. 
I feel as if Vegas brings nothing but mental and physical exhaustion for me. I was so tired on the day of our arrival, i didn't even put the whole Jimmy Buffet theme together until a pirate on stilts walked by me. 
Decent 'ritas ( I liked the top shelf margarita myself) and the food was plentiful and comforting. 
I was a little disoriented by the large Mr. Buffet or occasional Jack Johnson towering above me on television screens, but it was the "chick on a hook" that dropped down into the Megarita behind me that really caught me by surprise. 
The men were happy with the location choice, but I could see other females around me not so impressed with the "bleach blond in a bikini on a fish hook" almost twirling her way into my burger buns.
I'd probably come here to get drunk fast, but it's really not my kind of joint unless surrounded by an equally drunk and silly group of people. It's definitely Vegas, very chill and encourages one to keep on drinking.
Cheesefest, USA. 
Food was okay, but definitely nothin to write home about. Kitchy, touristy, cross between joe's crab shack and freecreditreport.com commercial. The namesake "show" was lame, complete with stilt walkers and bikini clad chick, but if you're wasted, it might be funny. Long waits also dampen the fun. Mango margs are tops, bahama mama is yum and the nachos were tasty, everything else is typical overpriced fare.
I first have to point out that it was not my idea to go to dinner at a Jimmy-Buffet-themed place, but seeing as we were meeting up with my sister and her boyfriend, we humored them and went along with it.  They really spare no expense in supporting hte theme - sailors and pirates on stitls, a volcano, and a gigantic margarita that we managed to end up seated right next to.  I should have been a little wary of that . . . 

The portobello-mushroom-burger-in-paradise (if you're a vegetarian Jimmy Buffet fan, of which I am only the former) was passable, the red bull margarita kept me going that night, but what really made it worth my while was the show and the spinning, scantily clad blonde on a fish hook.  She had some acrobatic moves, and how she spun around sitting on a slippery metal fish hook I'll never know, but she pulled it off.  Be careful of sitting next to the huge margarita, though, as you'll get a bit of a soaking when she slides down and gets dunked into the (reassuringly fake) giant margarita.
I came here for the margaritas.

it was overpriced with tourists but those margaritas were so good. i dont know how the food tastes. but everyone was too drunk to get food. or even notice there WAS food.

my vegas experience was walking past this and noticing people being hauled off by the ambulance. i doubt it was food poisoning. i think they were just partying too hard.
So it was my mother-in-law's idea to go here.  I didn't realize this place served breakfast or was open during the day to serve other stuff besides margaritas and cheeseburgers.  That Jimmy Buffet, he's so sly.  I thought to myself as we were walking here, "Dang, I know we're in Vegas, but do we have to start drinking before 9A?"  

So we got breakfast, thank god, and was pleasantly surprised.  My wife had the corn beef hash and I had some crazy omelet.  The price wasn't bad for Vegas but still pretty expensive.  At least here the food was decent.
What a fun place! Came here on a Friday night with some friends, and I had no idea what to expect from a place called Margaritaville. But the live music was great, the crowd was energized, and I never thought I'd be dancing on a floor to Journey and AC/DC, but I was that night. 

Not sure what eating here's like...but if you've already got a nice buzz going on your weekend night, just roll on in to sing and dance your heart out. No harm can come of it, I promise!
If you are looking for something besides an overpriced tourist-trap, don't go here.  That said, if you embrace the concept, you will not be disappointed.  Food was fine, service good and atmosphere excellent.  It is what it is and it does it well.

We visited on a rainy late Saturday morning and the place was empty.  Having walked past the Strip-facing balconies on many a hot Vegas afternoon, I have no doubt that the place goes off under the right conditions.  

And by "goes off," I mean fills with midwestern 30 and 40 somethings livin' on sponge cake and watchin' the sun bake (see, . . . cuz. . .) while hopped up on sugary-likkery-goodness.  And that's ok.
this place was a disappointment...

i mean u always pass this place while drivin down the strip and u see the gang of people hangin out on the balcony and they seem like they are having a blast.
so as one of our main stops on our bar run this place was MEhhhh....
we had to toss our drinks before headin in...so our boys downed their beers. we show ID.. get in and the place is biiiiig, they had live music but it wasnt that great that nite, they have ONE type of margarita for all i could tell and no hugeeeee long cups...hello i thot they would have it? and shutup up i AM a tourist...psh

so after a few tiny cups of beers we left and continued our journey because it wasnt worth staying...
This place always looks crowded from the outside. Hmmm if its this crowded all the time, this place must be a great place to check out! Or maybe not. 

Did I just get a kids cup of beer for $6?  

Why is it crowded outside but not inside? Maybe everyone is trying to leave the place but no one is moving out the way! 

I wonder if the food is good here though, because the wings and nachos looked good. 

Time to move on. I was out of there as soon as I got my drink.
Fun place for what it is.  I'm not a Jimmy Buffet fan, but I don't hate him.  Had to try a margarita though, and it was good.  My friend who was in from Georgia really wanted to go and we were hungry with no clue what to eat (didn't want buffet) so we tried it.  Food was ok, my soup was lukewarm.
pretty much what everyody else has said

atmosphere

- Smoking is as advertised.  Non smoking except for patio.  You will smell some smoke from the patio.  At least that's as advertised (unlike those fancy $$$ restaurants right next to the casinos that are supposedly non smoking but smell like ash trays). 

- pirates on stilts making balloon animals

- Jimmy Buffet videos playing nonstop

- cheezy props everywhere

- live bands sometimes


Service

- Our waiter, Tracy, was great.  Can't talk about other staff

Food

- Mediocre.  Nachos were huge.  


Overall

- Obviously it's a tourist trap.  Duh.  Doesn't mean you won't
have fun there.  It is what it is and doesn't pretend to
be anything else.  I can respect that about this place.
Make sure if you order the volcano nachos that there are more than 2 of you!! humongous portion!! Along with a couple of margaritas, it's a meal in itself. Went on a Wed. night..this place was rockin'!! A fun place to go with friends!!
It's alright.

We each ordered Cheeseburgers in Paradise...with bacon. They were cooked to order and tasted fine.

My onion rings (+$1) were delicious, but they were just as oily as any other place's rings would be having been yanked out of the fryer. Tried my friend's fries, and they were good too.

We split an order of coconut shrimp with the marmalade sauce - DELICIOUS!

We each had the add-a-salad too. It was a fresh, very simple salad, with seedy little cut-in-half teardrop tomatoes. I had mine with mango ranch (for authenticity's sake) and I enjoyed it.

We ordered tea to drink. They're generous with the lemon wedge, and they kept up with the refills for us just fine!

Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville is a very thematic place, as is everything in Las Vegas. It is enjoyable. It's a pleasant, fun and exciting atmosphere offering up "just average" to "really good" food.
This place is always crowded! It is worth the wait! The wait is long though I won't lie. It took about 30 minutes at least. So we decided to go gamble a bit. I won money! :D

They have seating downstairs, upstairs, or outside. They have videos everywhere for you to watch. They get very busy.

They have this guy on stilts walking around, saying hi etc. Kinda scary.

Nevertheless, the nachos are bomb! I love them! The margaritas are really good. You can't really go wrong. I mean it is margaritaville after all. 

Come one come all. Have a good drink, great nachos, ppl watch and just chill.
It was alright I guess. We started one of our evenings here before heading out to more exciting places. It took FOREVER to get a drink at the bar. Although there really wasn't any line, the 4 bartenders were more interested in talking to each other and restocking the bar then taking drink orders. The drinks were reasonably priced and tasted good. We didn't have to wait to get a table thankfully but we did get the very last one. The dance floor had a decent amount of people out on it. I think tacky is too strong a word to describe them but let's just say they were very casually dressed and touristy. It's also the only club I saw in vegas the whole time I was down there where most of the men were sagging their pants and showing off their drawers. We left after the first drink and shot to find something better.
Didn't expect too much, didn't get anything spectacular.  The margaritas were good.  Expected them to be overpriced, but they were average priced.  Don't even remember what I ordered, but it was fine.  Again, nothing special.

It was an hour wait, but it was also Saturday night.  Our waiter was a nice guy, he kept the drinks coming.  He also drew a really neat cartoon of himself on a postcard he drew us.  The Jimmy Buffet music started getting to me, but obviously thats what they are going to play.
I really only came here when it was time for music and dancing. So I don't have an opinion on the food or dining service. I liked it better on Tuesday than Friday. Friday night it looked like a cheap club and it was disappointing. But on Tuesday, it still had the music, the dancing, and the drinking without the cheap feeling. I had a platinum margarita, which I expected to be white and it was green. It was delicious. I had several other drinks I can't recall anymore... :). If I ever come back to Vegas I know I will come here again.
The entertainment is awesome, You have people walking and dancing  on stilts, and making balloon hats for you. Went bar hoping here last year for me and my boyfriends birthday. One of the ladies on stilts made me a dog and she made a palm tree for my boyfriend, pretty cool souvenirs, and for Free. Didn't try the food, just got our drinks on. If you catch her, there is a girl in a bikini who dances in a tank of water made out of a blender. Watch out you might get wet.
Holy Middle America, Batman!  A Jimmy Buffett theme restaurant in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip?  I set my expectations as low as I possibly could, people, I really did, but I'm still left with nightmares of a culinary hell where the only dining choices are this place or Sammy Hagar's Cabo Wabo Cantina.  I doubt Jimmy B's involvement in this travesty goes much beyond lending his name and cashing a few checks, but that's not gonna stop me from flipping that parrothead the bird next time I see him.
Just OK - bar/restaurant with a dance floor. We were there for dinner around mid night. There was a live band playing pop music. Food is not typical but not bad. The fried shrimp was good.
If you don't want to wait in long line for a fancy clubbing but have a craving for pop music and dancing, this might be your choice.
I might go back for the food.
I always have a good time when I come here. Kala and Jimmy are awesome bartenders. They remember us even if we haven't been there for 6 months, and are always concocting experimental drinks for us to taste! (Experimental=lots of alcohol) If you're not chilling at the bar, stand by the rail that overlooks the Strip and watch the freak show roll by. I've never really eaten here, so I can only comment on the drinks. Havanas & Bananas is probably my fave off the menu. I always leave this place wastin' away again in Margaritaville!!
This is the 2nd time we've been here, went for dinner the 1st time, did lunch the 2nd time. The clipper wings are really good. My wife and I both had cheeseburgers that are among the best I've ever had. The atmopshere is great, any Buffett fan would love this place. Our bill was decent, $50 for drinks, appetizers and entrees. The nachos are awesome too.
Usually everytime I got to Vegas this spot will be the first night chill spot to get settled ...the drinks are good & the music is good too they have a live band at first you think theyre a bunch of old men this is a place my parents would party @ but then they start bustting out jams from today's hits ..hip hop r&b pop...whhaaattt!?! Everytime I go here sometime good happens last time I went I won a dance contest & got free drinks all night & their margaritas are pretty bomb!! I suggest this place if youre wanting to settle the first night & have a good time to start things off ......
I'm going to give this place 5 stars only because I feel bad I kinda threw up on their floor... 

I'm really sorry, Jimmy. I was really trashed!!
I was raised a Parrot Head. It would be morally wrong for me to give anything associated with Jimmy Buffet less than 5 stars. My dad would disown me. 

Having said that, this place was sooooo fun! It was super super busy on Friday night and there was a bachelor pre-party in full swing. I also think that every frat boy with-in a 300 mile radius was present. 

My friend and I paid for our first two drinks......then the festivities began!
My poor boyfriend was still hungover and spending time with our hotel toilet, so he was not there to protect me. Whats a girl to do? 

Drink. and drink. and drink some more. and pimp out her single friend.

i have never had so many frozen drinks in my life.

Off To See The Lizard is a midori margarita that made me loud. (the second and third made me popular)

Last Mango in Paris is a mango marg. that seriously does not taste like alcohol at all....i think.....it was my fourth that night...soo....don't trust me.

then i found guava margaritas....I LOVE THEM. by far, the best margarita of my life. I had 3.

keep in mind we were here for hours and we were grazing on Ahi tuna and coconut shrimp. I can't really review them though because I don't remember them. I just saw them on my bill. I didn't even know I ate Ahi tuna.

OH GOD. I had 7 margaritas? guess how I spent my Saturday?
Place was a great little place for drinks and a decent lunch. I had the Cheeseburger In Paradise. Served exactly as Jimmy Buffett's lyrics describe. Excellent! I could have been more pleased. We ate off the bow of a boat. Our server was friendly, kept the beverages topped off, and was always right there ready to get anything we needed. 

The drinks were obviously the most popular thing to order. However, it was fairly early in the morning so my husband and I passed on the booze, but really enjoyed the food. Overall I would recommend this place to any one. The cafe also hosted a live band every other evening while we were in town. The place was rockin! 

Cannot wait to go back. I am still bragging up that cheeseburger!
Always a great experience.  This trip we just had drinks, but everytime I have been here previously I have enjoyed the food and service.  Prices are a lil steep, but not unrealistic.  

The margaritas here live up to the name though.  They are delicious!!!!!
Nothing like a humongous margarita to add to the heartburn that has already been raging off mass amounts of pizza, booze and sleep deprivation.  SO WORTH IT.

Margaritaville is the shizniz.  The only lame part is having to down your drink before entering (and with 32oz American beer just bought on the street 10 min beforehand, this is no easy feat).  But alas, a few gulps later, we walked into a lively atmosphere with sticky floors and fantastic music.  Almost like a nightclub, but free and with much less douchebaggery, Margaritaville is a fantastic place to spend an hour or so, before hitting up the next spot on the strip.  The margaritas are super tasty, and expensive to boot.  But it's Vegas, so if you don't expect it it's your own damn fault.

Go for the margaritas.  Go for the music.  Go for JIMMY.
GO FOR THE DRINKS, NOT THE FOOD!!!

My two girlfriends and I went in for a quick bite to re-energize for the long night of partying that was ahead of us, but we all felt so sick to our stomachs after eating our meals that we barely made it out that night. NOT my idea of a good time. It was awful, and I called to let the manager know that we were very unsatisfied with our meals (it was expensive!) but the manager never returned my call. I think that upset me the most.  

Now, we're college girls. We are NOT picky about food. My Cheeseburger In Paradise looked like a Quarter Pounder from McDonalds, which would have been fine if it had tasted as good as a Quarter Pounder.  It was gross. I ate less than half of it and had to stop because I was already feeling sick.  Very disappointing. And my friend couldn't swallow more than four bites of her taco salad.  At least the drinks were good. 

Margaritas = good. Everything else = rip off.
Go hungry and get the volcano nachos.  That should be enough to fill you up, as well as a few of your friends.  Wait to order entrees because I find myself full before they arrive everytime.

Watch the show because it is really entertaining.  I don't know that I really understand the guys on stilts coming out, but I liked seeing them nonetheless.  The woman who slides down the volcano and lands in the margarita glass is classic.  Drink heavily for an especially good time.  This place has a ton of stuff going on.

There is a gift shop with all kinds of Jimmy Buffett items for sale.  This is a fun place to poke around while you are waiting for your table.  The location of this restaurant is across the street from Caesar's Palace in the Flamingo Hotel.
Super hungry.. the three of  us shared VOLCANO NACHOS and wings and omg.. I was ready for bed...

So good!
This place gets high-marks from me for its atmosphere rather than its food. It's a great place to take kids with it's live entertainment and sensory-overload interior (bright lights, loud music, boat and airplane props). The margaritas are good and some of the appetizers and sandwiches are tasty, but nothing too special. Most of the menu items are typical bar food. I tried the mahi-mahi. I should have known better. It was a little on the dry side. You would probably be better off sticking to one of the sandwiches. My kid loved the kids menu which also doubles as a mask and the chicken tenders and fries he got were better than expected. Overall, it's a good place to eat for the price you pay.
My husband has been wanting to come to this place because the last time he was here, all he could talk about was the blackened Mahi Mahi and how good it is.  So we finally came here last month for my birthday and he was a little disappointed.  It surely did not taste the same as the last time.  I had the full rack of ribs and that was not so bad.  They have great entertainment and people walking in stilts singing.  They also have this lady that slides down into a huge margarita/wine glass.  Overall, this restaurant is fun but I'll probably end up going somewhere that is not along the strip.  It's definitely crowded so expect to wait for a table.
This is a busy place, plan for a long wait, if you dont have kids you can do this in the festive bar.
If you go for dinner-time, you will be quite entertained once an hour with two Buffet classics, 'Volcano' and Margaritaville (with a bikini-clad girl sliding down the faux-volcano into a giant blue margarita where she gyrates and swims, and then dances with the rest of the characters in the place (two on stilts).  You cant help but sing along and smile.  
My wife and her friend shared the volcano nachos and that was too much for them - although my wife complained about the use of Velveeta (in the middle, real cheese had been sprinkled on top) and the fact that even if you order it 'chicken' it still is loaded with beef (because of the chili, the waiter claimed).
I had the Jambalaya, mildly spicy, tons of rice and not much of the andouille (spelling?) sausage and a few shrimp, very filling and tasted good.  Son had the Cheeseburger (in Paradise) and wolfed that down.  Other son had fajitas which smelled fantastic and he said he liked.
The characters on stilts were doing balloon art/sculptures, and they came by, and made flower hats for the ladies, I tipped her $5 (my wife FREAKED out, I thought that was about right, she thought I was overboard)
Weird thing, some gal comes round, with beads and trinkets and leis, spouting something about  "Save the TaTas", I could barely hear over the din, wanting me to donate and I would receive some trinket in exchange, I said no....later my wife explained it was for breast cancer, duh, BUT, on reflecting I dont think I'd believe any donated cash I gave in a casino-related facility in Las Vegas would EVER reach its final destination.
So, prices were pretty high, and the 1hr wait, and the ok food gets this joint 3 stars.  The entertainment and lively ambience made it fun to go to.
The drinks were Amazing.  The food was so-so.  It wasn't anything special and was like any other typical chain restaurant (i.e. Chilis, Applebees, etc).  The service was actually really friendly and the food arrived faster than I anticipated.  

HOWEVER, the entertainment was a HOT MESS.  The people walking around with stilts were scary, awkward, out of place, and I felt was irrelevant to the theme...unless the theme was "tacky".   And then there was this hot mess of a "waiter" dancing around to the music and doing some flashdance ridiculous dance routine while trying to "pump up" the customers.  I was not impressed.  After 10 minutes of painfully sitting through the awkward dancing, the lady climbs the roof of the bar and then slides into a green margarita tank that supposedly resembled a blender.  WTF?  Bad choreography, bad music, and seriously...I lost my appetite watching some hot mess of a girl swimming half naked in a green blender right near my food.  I clapped when the "performance" was over, only because I was thankful that she left the floor and I don't need her dripping around my food.
Went to the bar here....the bartender carded my bf and I both, twice...wasn't too fond of that...drinks were expensive, not that strong, decent.
Food was decent, staff was very attentive but its your typical chain resturant.
Yummy nachos!!!!! i ordered the volcano nachos and when it came out all i could say was wow they were huge. My boyfriend and i couldn't even eat half of it, and we love to eat. We ended up taking the rest home and i couldn't even close the box it was so full. My boyfriend ordered the mushroom burger (we didn't know the nachos would be so big) it was pretty average burger. 
The service was great. If you don't like to be bother while you eat i don't recommend this place. There's loud music, guys and girls on stilts walking around making balloon animals, women in bikinis walking around trying to get you to donate to Save The Tatas, and a girl sliding down into a big margarita. Overall i had fun food was alright at best but the nachos are amazing. Of course they had really good margaritas...
I was introduced to the whole Jimmy Buffet / Margaritaville thing about 5 years back and I have to say I'm really glad I got to feel what it's like to listen to the music, drink boat drinks and eat good food.  It is an experience you can create at home and definitely here at Margaritaville.

The food is fantastic, I love their crab salad.  Margaritas are the best I have ever had when it comes to flavor and consistency (there is one Mexican restaurant I love  that is the best when it comes to size and alcohol content!).  The Raspberry margarita is superb and even if you're just walking by you can get the premade stuff and it doesn't taste like it's made with a mix.  

The food is inexpensive and you get to look at awesome scenery.

This is a really great lunch spot in Vegas.
I absolutely loved the atmosphere at Margaritaville! The giant margarita blender was amazing, and the night I went with a few friends they had a really good live band playing awesome dance music. There was a shortage of tables and seats, but it didn't stop the fun!

Honestly I didn't have any food or drinks there. It was more of just a walk through and hang out for a little bit, although I really wanted a drink. Walking by the tables the food looked and smelled delicious though! And the little ring game looked like a lot of fun too!
After eating @ the Margaritaville in New Orleans, this one is OK. Interesting decor sitting in the fishing boats unless you have to sit up front instead of on the back. Good photo ops and Cheeseburger in Paradise is good but Fat Burger is better in my humble opinion. 

Tourists love it, locals meh, I've had better.
I've spent a lot of time talking smack about this place, making fun of the people who hang over the railing calling out to the girls walking past, my ex bf who raves about this place and makes it a point to go here on every Vegas trip and making fun of Jimmy Buffett in general. That's right folks, no parrot head here! 

Well I eat my words. What started off as just grabbing a drink here as a joke and to tell my ex that I finally went to Margaritaville turned into a couple hours of good times. My friend and I were lucky enough to get seats at the bar near the open patio and service was superb. The bartender we had was so attentive and when he was busy the other bartenders would check on us. I forget what I had to drink there but I do know it was decent. Decent meaning that I could taste alcohol but not too much alochol and not a ton of mixer or juice. We only ordered an appetizer and I believe it was a crab or lobster dip. Um, can you say awesome?!? A woman next to us ordered the nachos and I was drooling just watching her eat them. Although I dont know how she ate them herself because those nachos are enough to feed 4 people. 

I can't wait to visit Margaritaville again and spend some more time there!
Great place to have a casual meal on the strip - -two outside levels that overlook the strip plus the indoor eating area also-- your choice! 
Good show inside at dinnertime also.  Dancer who goes down the volcano and into a blender!  I have eaten off the menu and all  is good!  Get the conch fritter appitizer !
If you go to Vegas a lot then this place is worth stopping in once and a while. The food is ok. They have lots of cocktails to choose from. Other than that its nothing special.
Soooo maaachhh fun.

Margaritaville has a plethora of crazy drinks, and friendly bartenders.

Word of caution: appetizer portions are enough for 3-4 grown people to be full! At least that's how it was when we ordered the nacho appetizer.
Goodness gracious - it must have been a foot tall.

There was a volcano eruption, some beezy sliding her bikini-laced body into a huge vile of margarita, and people on stilts. While buzzed, this show is very entertaining!

Definitely not a fan of Jimmy Buffet... but Margaritaville gave me a new found respect for that man.
First of all let me say I am not a "parrot head" and mildly like Jimmy Buffet's music. The one star is for the Ahi & the nice attentive server. Food was mediocore at best. The music was too loud for any interaction with everyone at the table. I really don't like screaming my order at the top of my lungs to the server.
I went here to meet up with my friends who just arrived in Vegas who decided to eat here since they were in the mood to have some serious margaritas.  It was really unfortunate that I had to come here on a full stomach from enjoying the Buffet at The Wynn.  Worked out for me though since that gave me a chance to soak up some of their crazy drinks.  I had their Bahama Mama, which was rum filled concoction, and it was really good.  We all shared the Volcano Nachos with grilled chicken which if you've seen the pics (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rTS8LsUmNIiXsXydE49tPA?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw), is a monster!  It's really too bad that I didn't get to try their food here as it looks like they give massive portions based on everyone pics.  So why 4 stars if I haven't had their food?  The overall atmosphere of the place worked for me.  It was very relaxed and chill and the entertainment inside was fun and not too over the top.  Great place to eat or hang out with friends.
A nice stop on the Las Vegas strip. Nice decor, awesome margaritas! All of them were good, especially the Last Mango in Paris and Pomegranate Margarita. Got to sample a few of the dishes, not too shabby. The pulled pork was tender, had a sweeter taste to it though. The chicken and broccoli pasta was a bit bland, not too creamy either. Burgers were good. I give it 3.5 stars just because it's Vegas.
We came here after a wedding to have a few drinks, unwind and listen to the live band.  It was pretty awesome that there was live music and no cover charge on a Saturday night.  I really hate paying cover so this immediately made me happy.  We were a rather large group and they were very accommodating in moving tables and chairs together so we could all sit as a group.  It was cool that they had a large dance floor and the live band would alternate playing with the DJ.  The band was pretty talented because at one point or another, everyone had a chance to be the lead singer.  They played a good mix of country, rock, rap, & pop.  They basically catered to a variety of musical tastes so you were bound to hear something that you would like.  

The drinks were kind of expensive.  It was $4.50 for a small plastic cup of Bud light, but I didn't mind since there was no cover to get in.  The service was slightly less than adequate since the waitress had already guaranteed her gratuity since we were a large party, she kind of just hid in the corner and ate her food.  I don't see why we would have to shell out nearly $40 for her, when she was in the corner talking to her friend and eating most of the night.  I had to get up and tap her on the shoulder to order more drinks.  Overall, the service could have been a little bit better, but I had fun and have no real complaints.
The drinks are priced a tad high ($11 for a margarita that comes in a cheap clear plastic cup).  The food is not spectacular nor does it suck.  

BUT the patio is awesome for drunk people watching or challenging your friends to "who can get more people to ______."  This past weekend was the battle of the sexes on high fiving.  Oddly some of the older gals were more riled up than the younger ones but it probably has to do with the footwear.  Isotoners apparently kick ass more than 4" stillettos.  Drinking is a marathon, not a sprint...c'mon ladies!
Margaritaville!

This place was pretty interesting. You really feel like your on vacation when you visit Margaritaville, hehe. 

Well well, anything else that i like about this place? Not really. I mean the service was nice. Our waitress was pretty friendly. She even offered to take a picture of me and my girlfriend using my camera. Ummm, the food could have been better. I ordered steak and chicken fajitas. The meat was a little dry and the side of rice tasted a bit funky. We ordered chips & salsa as an appetizer. I'll be honest, that was the best thing I had over there. OK my drink was delicious, but it was too expensive!

Alright honestly, I don't know if I want to come back here. It was fun and all. I guess, only come to this place if you just want to have a good time drinking and money isn't a factor.
Very laid back (drunk) vibe...but hey, this is vegas after all.  Seems like it's always busy, with people hanging out all over the place.  They have a little patio that overlooks the strip...I'd recommend it for some great people watching. 
The downside:  we were seated at a boat.  Yes.  A. Boat.  But this boat did NOT have a good view of the ocean, and it was so dark, I could barely see my menu.  Try and sit at a non-boat if you can :)  You'll be closer to the stage and more "in the action"
The upside:  I had a great bowl of blue crab & corn chowder.  Seriously, this was one of the best soups I've ever had.  Rest of the food was just ok.  I was disappointed with my margarita.   You'd think ordering one here would be a no brainer, but it was small and tasted mass produced.  
Overall: Fun, loud place that you can come to with a group of your rowdy friends and not spend too much $.  Great location on the strip, you don't have to walk through a giant hotel.
It's a pretty straightforward rendition of the Margaritaville chain formula found at touristy spots around the world.  Nothing too fancy, but nice enough for the tourists venturing through the strip.  I ate here with a group that wasn't too adventurous (but wanted something non-buffet); the menu is pretty straightforward so I opted for the beef and mushroom fajita.  It was ginormous and very very filling.  Although it wasn't anything super sophisticated, it was very satisfying and tasty... much like Vegas in general lol.
Suitable for a meal only if you are: 1) Under 25 years old, and 2) already drunk. 

I wasn't expecting a wine list, but I thought I could at least get a glass of white wine, that's what I was in the mood for. I didn't care if it was bad wine.. They had two whites listed on the drink menu, but were "out of" both of them. (When I saw a woman at the next table drinking a red wine out of a plastic cup I thought, thank god they are out of the white! They can't even trust the clientele with glassware!) So I asked for a Red Stripe, also on the menu. Nope, none of that, either. I was finally able to get an Amstel Light.

I had nachos. Chips heading toward stale and cold. Plastic cheese sauce, grisly beef, flavorless guacamole. We shared fajitas at the the table. The meat was cold, the beef was barely cooked, the rice had no seasoning. I couldn't wait to leave.

I'm not a chain snob, I'll eat at Chilis and Cheesecake Factory, occasionally Macaroni Grill. But this place? Seriously, just no.
They gave us the darkest table in the place. But the rita's were flowing and I forgot about it. I had the cuban sandwich. It was great, but I think he lost half of it on the way to the table. It was cut in half. O.K. Who has the rest of my sandwich? Then we went and got a picture taken with the parrots. Woo hoo!
A great place to party & have fun but not a place to get a great meal. Better off to stick to the Boat Drinks & the appetizers, at least that way you won't be disappointed. I suggest the Nachos & the Jamaican Wings. Have a couple of Margaritas and enjoy the music, the laughter and the show. Not my first trip here... nor my last. Expensive considering the quantity & the quality of the food. Recommend you pass on the Broccoli & Chicken. I've seen more meat on road kill.
This was my sister and I's last stop on our b-day bar crawl. We got two beers and the buffalo wings. The wings were tasty, the music was loud and rockin' and our server was a hoot, very outgoing and friendly. Perfect place to party and drink, not such a good place if you just want to relax.
My fried and I stopped in one night for dinner last week and it was packed. We had tried to eat there the night before but didn't want to wait an hour to be served. So they told us 20 minutes and so we headed to the bar to wait with our vibrator thingy. Once at the bar a couple were just leaving to get their table and so we sat down at the bar and decided to eat at the bar. The bartender-Patty- was very nice and made sure our drinks were filled. I had the jerk chicken and it was tasty but cooked too long and was a bit dry. The veggies were also cooked too long and were limp and tasteless. I am giving this place 3 stars because of the decor, people and bartender.
Ok.. the margharita's were petty decent and a good price..about $9 per but pretty stong. The food was mediocre at best. It appeared to be the usual corporate disconnect between their product and the customer. I had the fajitas.. they were kind of tough and sides were nothing to brag about. My wife had the fish tacos. They were OK at best. It is a place that is popular based on a song and the location is great as it is right across the street from the Ceasars Palace on the strip. I would say the if you are in Vegas there are much better places to eat;. Maybe a good stop for a drink but that is it..  Move on to better pastures.
Nachos bleh...  They call them Valcano Nacho's 

the top of the Nacho's are topped with steak, sour c and quac.  As you get lower you find, burnt chips, 7/11 nacho cheese and 7/11 nacho beef BLAH!!!!  

I will never spend 14$ on nacho's again EVER~!! 

In our Nacho's we also found a tomato slice with the label still on it, now I asked the server if the veggies are cleaned before put into my food then why is this thing all cut up and still on each side of the tomato??  She added we are just too busy to peal them off.  

The Manager came out and I guess she had told him what she told us, he wasn't happy and took it off the bill, said we could keep the nachos but I asked him to remove it. 

Drinks were over priced and not strong at all....  Good thing I really didn't want a buzz anyways. 

Won't go to again. 

D
You know, I kind of like this place.

Put your name on the waiting list and head to the bar.  Get one of their margaritas and stand out on the small balcony where you've walked past a thousand times and rolled your eyes at the drunken idiots yelling down from it.  Congratulations, now you're one of them.  Play "guess where that tourist is from" (Florida obviously!  Totally mid-west!  Japanese tour bus, say cheese!) while you sip your drink and notice these margaritas are different from most.  They taste light, even watered down, so they go down very easily and you think they're strange and weak.  Then POW.  It gets to your head.  So this is why the bartender told my husband to give me this one wink wink.  

We were seated at a strange bench near a staircase, I'm not entirely convinced it was an actual table but it's all good.  More margaritas and what the hell is that weird music?  This place is bigger than it looks from outside and makes you feel like an extra on a Survivor set.  You can't help but feel slightly lame.  TV screens play tropical Hawaiian music and who is this Jimmy Buffet person anyway?  I have no idea.  I don't think he made it big down under...or maybe he was before my time?  I confused him with that Tommy Bahama guy at first.  I also have no idea who that is either except I think he has a restaurant in Newport Beach and he sells those overpriced Hawaaiin shirts at Macys.  

Anyway...

We ordered Nachos as an appetizer and pulled pork sandwiches for our mains.  The nachos arrived when we were almost done with our sandwiches.  We didn't care...margarita #3 by this point...but the manager cared.  He took it off our bill.  Next time, if there is a next time, we'll split a sandwich and share the nachos because the portion is huge.  It was like a party platter of nachos.  The pulled pork was pretty good, surprisingly.  

When I went to the bathroom I noticed every female in there aged early twenties to late fourties was staggering somewhere between tipsy and sloshed.  They make these drinks strong!  No wonder the men are bringing their wives here.  And it was only mid afternoon.
Did we really come here? Twice? Yikes.

 It's kind of a kitschy place. We just wanted margaritas! The wild berry colada was really good (I got pretty lucky with my drinks of choice on this Vegas trip). Someone else got "the perfect margarita", which was literally all hard liquor. Oops. Good thing he ate a whole carb-heavy pizza by himself for lunch.

The 2nd time we came here, we ordered 2 Volcano Nachos - it was way too much even as entrees. It wasn't as appetizing towards the end, or even the middle. Fajitas were meh. I didn't expect much in terms of food. 

They loop clips on a projected screen of people getting sloshed somewhere on vacation. Who actually wears hawaiian shirts and leis at Margaritaville?
This place is ahhright, in my opinion. It's koo if you are with a group of friends who enjoy downing margaritas, than the margarita boat is the way to go. My girls and I headed here at the start of our night, mind you we showed up tipsy (it's vegas, I refuse to act my age! =) ) anywho, we got a margarita boat, downed it, ended up becoming part of the drunken idiots on the balcony for a quick second and then rolled out......individual drinks aren't worth it, you are better off sitting at a penny machine and getting the free cocktails lol. But most def koo on the boat.
My boyfriend nearly lost it when one of their gogo-dancers slid down the side of the volcano, landed in a giant margarita blender, and was then raised up by a giant fish-hook where she spun around for 20 minutes.  Then again, I nearly lost it too.

This place is AWESOME- and the price is definitely right, especially for Vegas.  From the pirates, fishermen, and sailors walking around on stilts, making balloon hats for the diners, to the decor (ships and nets everywhere, signs telling you the distance to every tropical land in the world)- it's impossible not to have fun!  The drinks are strong, the company is good, and the wait is never impossibly long.  Give it a shot- you won't be disappointed!
It's the day after the marathon and we're walking up the strip looking for a place to grab lunch and we suddenly spot parrots and from somewhere in the vicinity "Margaritaville" starts playing, we look up and we're at Margaritaville.  I guess it's a sign.

A photo with the parrot costs $20.  Forget that.  How much are those Hawaiian shirts in the retail store?  $50?!  Ok, let's just get lunch.  How much will that cost us?  

This is a pretty groovy and laid back place.  It's tropical island decor and there's a plane hanging from the ceiling.  We sat on a high table and checked out the map for Florida and watched the local crowd.  It was pretty packed for lunch.  We eyeballed the nachos as they passed us by but they were a bit too much for us so we got the fish burger and fish tacos.  I'm telling you; this fish thing is going strong.  All the way to Vegas.

I started off with their tortilla soup.  It was heavily spiced and there was a strong onion flavor that didn't agree with me.  I took a few bits and basically just couldn't stomach anymore.  The fish tacos were ok.  I didn't really care for the cilantro sour cream sauce and it was generous doused with it throughout my tacos.  Service was fast and friendly and we enjoyed the ambiance.
We didn't actually eat here, but we stopped by for a few drinks while walking along the strip. It was fun. Especially if you're a jimmy fan or a fan of island themes. Decorations are nice and drinks are priced well for Vegas. Good atmosphere and a lot of fun.
My first time in this place, and I loved it! The bar up top on the third floor is great! 

Overlooking part of the strip with reasonably priced food and drinks??? Really, we are in Vegas? I tend to forget that there is more to Vegas that gigantic nightclubs and casino's. Yes, it's inside the Flamingo, but doesn't feel like it.

I highly recommend.
Not bad at all. Wasn't expecting much but the mango margaritas were delicious, nachos were HUGE (one order is prob enough for 6-8 to share for an appetizer), cheeseburger was juicy/cheesy/toasty, and jambalaya was yum (not spicy but still good). 

Kudos for seating our party of 14 in around 25 minutes and not kicking us out when we got rowdy and one of us decided to moon half the restaurant :X.
Margaritaville has become our go-to place for breakfast every time we are in Las Vegas. Third floor view of the strip and the French Quarter omelette is superb. Get some coffee and a Bloody Mary and you have the perfect start to another day in Sin City. The rest of the place is fine, of course, but we prefer the slightly quieter surroundings breakfast gives.
A group of us were planning to meet up at Margaritaville to drink Margarita's and eat dinner. By the time my group got there the others had gone bar hoping.
After being tired from walking the convention center and not eating this was to be the meal of the day. The waiter was very attentive and nice and was from Stockton if memory serves. He told me that the ribs could be dry and not all the people like them but I was hungy so I ordered them. 
The problem I thought was the ribs were not dry but they were salty like the french frys which must of been to make people drink more.  The sauce was interesting but I have had better.Overall the food was so-so but the prices were a little pricy. I spend about 22.00 for the ribs.
The only thing that was cool was that on the hour a woman jumps into a large margarita glass and the song of Margaritaville Plays it could be cool if your drunk.
When I left I did order a margarita to go and thought it was just as good as the one I get from Paris Hotel  in the Effiel Tower glass and for the same amount.
Still convenient. still good. and still crackin. margaritaville for the win.
Dined and drank at Margaritaville in Vegas last night.  The blackened fish sandwich was excellent and the hot crab dip is tasty as well.  I know its a kitchy, commercial, chain restaurant, but the experience is always enjoyable for me.
Pro: Great atmosphere, great location on the strip, out of the world nachos, fast service. 

Con: Some so-so dishes, weird hours during the day, "I want to sit up there!", slight pricy due to location.

Came here during CES since someone in our group kept mentioning about the legendary nachos and fried calamari. I have to say the nachos lived up the story, but unfortunately the calamari was no longer available. 

Our party ordered burgers, pastas, and salads, but it was the volcano size nachos that really did the trick. 

Would highly recommend this place.
Had dinner and margarita's here while in Vegas for business. The atmosphere on a Tuesday night was fun - I saw 4 different people dressed in pirate or sailor attire and wearing stilts hanging out in the restaurant. Not sure if that is normal for this place but it was fun to see! 

We started off dinner sharing nacho's and a crab cheese dip appetizer. Both were good, albeit greasy. I knew going into it I wasn't going to be eating healthy so I wasn't surprised. I had the perfect margarita to go along with the appetizers and it was okay. A little sweet for my tastes but drinkable. Then a coworker ordered the 100oz margarita that comes in what looks like a bong. It made us laugh and I thought the margarita out of that was decent - less sweet but  watered down! 

All and all I had fun at this place but it wasn't my kind of place.
Been here numerous times. The drinks are strong and the food is good. The annoying balloon makers on stilts could leave you alone but other then that its a very fun atmosphere. It gets REALLY busy on the weekend and especially in the summer but worth the wait. Price is also very reasonable so don't worry and drink up!
So my girlfriend has been wanting to go here since our last trip to Vegas. She saw someone order the nachos and has been craving them since!

We got here around 630pm, and already there was a wait, but not in the bar area, so we immediately found a table, YES! The place looks cool, decorated in an island theme, with videos playing all over, and a giant airplane in the middle of the dining area. We sat next to this huge shot glass filled with green liquid. We thought nothing of it till later.

Ok so we ordered the nachos, and my gf was right, they looked amazing...just looked unfortunately. They tasted very bland, bottom line I'd never come back here for the food. If I was rating this place on food alone it would be a two star. I did however take into consideration the entertainment! Ok, so remember that large shot glass we were sitting next to? Turns out this girl dives into it and then there are these guys walking around on stilts, and singing, etc. 

It was fun, our waitress was very nice, the place would be great to just come, hang out and get drinks, but not for the food.
So I came here on New Year's Day and it was packed!!!! But I kept hearing about this place so I wanted to try it. So we put our name on the list and it took 30min to an hour for them to seat our party of 7. We were seated near the stage.  I ordered the jumbalaya which was not that great and I wished I would have save my money. My friend also got the jumbalaya and she didnt like it either. 1 of my friends ordered the nachos and it was huge! I think everyone else ordered the quesdillas, which looked good, but I think I tasted it and it was just ok. Some came and brought flowers for the girls to put in our ear and they also tried to sell os these wooden bead necklaces wwhich the proceeds went to Save the Ta-Tas (a breast cancer foundation). While we were eating some hula dancers performed. Also since it was my friends birthday they sang and brought her ice crwam or something. The drinks were expensive there, so we just waited and went across the street to Ceaser's Palace for Fat Tuesday. Also the theme there was quite confusing, b/c since its called Margaritaville you would think Mexican food, but they had all types of food, but then they had polynesian dancers, that place was just confused. I doubt I will go back.
I can only give this place 1 star... For an OK pulled pork sandwich.... The conch fritters made both me and my girlfriend sick for days... The final straw was the fact that the flamingo has advertising the 20% discount on b-fast for rewards members and that they serve b-fast till 11 am... We get there at 10:35 and are told that they are in transition and can't serve us breakfast...   I thanked the young lady for saving me another potential food borne illness.... And went next door to imperial palace.... Hash house.... Most excellent.... Margaritaville??? Drink beer... Avoid the food.
Great for breakfast on the Strip!  Not impressed with dinner though.  

So to be positive, let me tell you about breakfast.  I LOVE to go to any Margarittaville I come across on my travels, if for nothing else but to have a drink and collect a glass.  If the particular menu looks good, we will eat as well.  I was surprised to find out that the Vegas location is open for breakfast - AWESOME!  We started the day, Vegas-Style with orange juice, sugar free red bull and vodka in a souvenir glass - yeah baby.  If that's isn't the way to start your day then what is? LOL  The food that followed was very good for breakfast food at a chain...I had steel cut oatmeal with fresh veggies.  Hubby had an omelet of some type with wheat toast.  We were pleased and will go back for breakfast  again next time in Vegas.

However, dinner was below average in taste and pricey for "bar food".  Too crowded and service was below par.
Margueritaville has such a great, fun atmosphere.  (It's unfortunate the Margueritaville in Key West doesn't have anywhere near the same spirit.)  And each time I visit I'm surprised by how large a place this is.  Downstairs is a Keys beachfront bar; upstairs is a Keys house, with even kind of a treehouse vibe.  (Although maybe that's generally the margueritas speaking?  Speaking of which...)  The margueritas are expensive but excellent, and there're a wide variety of them.  The staff is very welcoming and will keep you entertained or leave you alone as much as you'd like.  The food is good, but the attraction here is definitely the atmosphere and the margueritas.  Oh, and of course the music -- live or otherwise, it just feeds the joy around the place.
I love Jimmy Buffett but cant say I love the Margaritaville Cafe.  The food is ok but honestly not worth the price or the stupid long wait.   

Positives:
It serves food.
Fun decorations downstairs and upstairs.
Connects to the store that sells all sorts of Margaritaville stuff.

Negatives:
Stupid crazy lines.
Food is freakin expensive and isnt that good - very dumbed down for the masses.
The margaritas kinda suck - just seem really processed.

Honestly I wouldn't go again but friends always want to give it a try.
the wait for a table on a friday night was about 1.5 hours. we had a large group, but we split up to two table of 6-7 (or else we would be waiting for 4 hours!). the wait didn't seem that long since we were entertained by each other. anyways, food and drinks are mediocre. it's equivalent to a chevy's. there's sort of entertainment provided: girls sliding down a waterslide once every so often. 

well it was my first time here, and it wasn't a bad experience, just nothing to rave about.
Fun. Friendly. Loose. Sure, Jimmy's Margaritaville is a chain, but that doesn't mean it can't be fun! Bonnie and I went up to the deck up stairs and enjoyed the USA-Canada gold medal game with some drinks at the bar! Multiple TVs made it so no matter where you were on the cramped deck, you had a decent view of the action. Our bartender was very friendly (most chains I've been to have not-so-happy people working there) and our time was super enjoyable! Nothing too fancy - just a flat out good time.
Now THIS is my kinda place!!!  We loved it so much we were back twice within the 3 days we spent in Vegas.  The food is delicious and the entertainment at night is awesome as well.  I had the wings the first night we were there and my boyfriend had a cheeseburger, two foods that sounds extremely ordinary but were so much more than that!  We had a great time there and I just know we'll be going back every time we visit!
I am a huge fan of this place but it is for the drinks and atmosphere. My husband and I always start out our first day in Vegas here with margaritas! They are overpriced and served majority in a plastic cup. However this means if you want to grab and go you can. As for food, I have only split the volcano nachos with my husband here before and it is huge!!!! However if you order the extra chicken for a few bucks you will be lucky to get maybe 1/4-1/2 oz of chicken. This place is always crowded and now serves breakfast.
First of all, very awesome atmosphere. Neato touristy crap that will surely excite you while sipping a large margarita out of a $16 dollar margarita, you get to keep the glass. 

The nacho appetizer CANNOT be tackled by one person as a meal, probably could make a meal for two people and they would both be full and need no other entrees and could easily be shared by 4-6 people and have there be plenty. 

Bonus points for our waiter that had handlebar moustache. 

Food was a teeny bit slow, but it was lunch and they were very busy. 

We asked for our margarita on the rocks, not frozen and received it frozen, but we drank it anyway... 

Tourists should and will do this, because its what tourists do... lol
I was drug to the strip to go out for a dinner with some out of towners.. They insisted we go to Margaritaville because of Mr. Buffett himself.. I tried my hardest to convince them that he will not be sitting on the back of one of the boats with Allan Jackson belting out a tune. Apparently they did not think my opinion was right..haha. 

Needless to say we ended up standing out front with our little buzzer waiting for about 40 minutes, I expected the wait so that was no big deal, also for some reason it had to be one of the best days for people watching on the strip. The grown man wearing a tube top and a pirate patch was one of the most amusing things I saw out there. 

Anyways, I know I know, get on with it Raymond... I ordered the California Chicken Sandwich which was pretty good for being served at one of the strips many themed restaurants.. The other items brought to our table: Volcano nachos, and a fajita concoction, everything looked great and smelled great and the atmosphere was okay.  It was a little odd when the attractive young lady on stilts walked over to our table and bent down in my face to ask if i wanted an awesome Balloon hat made by the best looking girl on stilts in town.... Uhhhhhh, 
"AWKWARD".   They try really hard to make the atmosphere 
party-esque which they do a pretty good job of. My only complaint is that in the hour and a half that we spent there I think I heard the same songs over and over and over again.

I guess I can say that this is cool to check out once... The food was decent, not the best I've had and the drinks only had a splash of alcohol and were over priced.    I don't see myself going back but feel free to sail away in the back of a fishing boat mounted to a wall while the Benjamins fly out of you wallet..
The waitress was friendly, the decor was FUN and the margaritas were delish.  I got the portabella mushroom sandwich...I think it was 12 dollars or so...I'd definitely go back.
2.5 stars.

Plastered from imbibing numerous Skyy dirty martinis, I allowed my companions to guide me into this raucous joint for some live music and volcano nachos. Immediately, the talentless drummer began grating on my nerves, and I reluctantly took a chair, feeling a touch claustrophobic due to the slung ceilings and thinking that there is nothing sadder than a group of desperate people trying really hard to party to the sounds of an atrocious band. As a piercing buzzer triggered a series of flashing lights, a lithe dancer suddenly shot from the volcano in the middle of the tacky restaurant and flowed like lava down the structure, finally splashing into a large margarita blender filled with neon liquid. As the band then broke out into a Journey medley, I gnashed my teeth, shoved several nacho chips in my mouth (which were nicely coated with beans and cheese), and ordered a couple of tequila shots from our willing server. Mollified by the seductive heat of the liquor, I finally roused my companions from their seats and headed back to the Strip. Never again, Margaritaville.
I am quite disappointed by this place.  My friend had recommended it to me, and everytime I pass by this restaurant, I've always wanted to try it, although never had the chance.  So finally come april, when I was in Vegas, I decided this would be a perfect place to stop by for some lunch.  I ordered the blended guava margarita, which was so strong, I had to trade drinks with my boyfriend.  He ordered a coco cabana, which was made to perfection.  I loved it, and decided to order a second one for myself while he ordered a blended drink next.  This time my coco cabana turned out very strong like my first drink had been, so I again decided to switch with my boyfriend.  His drink was pretty darn good!  But why the inconsistency???  Next for my entree I ordered the sea bass which was $25 market price...Let me tell you, holy moly, my rice on the side was DRENCHED in oil and grease that I could barely eat anything off my plate.  Same with the entree my significant other had ordered.  He had a jambalaya, and again his plate was filled with grease.  I'm sorry, but that's disgusting!  Totally not worth the price they are charging.  Will not go back again, and the two stars are just for the two drinks my boyfriend ordered.
I absolutely love Margaritaville. I've been to Vegas many times and ALWAYS make it a point to grab some grub and margarita's while on vacation. 

The Nachos are scrumptious and I love love love their bacon bbq burger. 

The bar area is fun and entertaining as people are always passing though to get a drink - last time I was there we stayed for a good 5 hours drinking and eating and met a bunch of fun people and are planning a reunion soon. 

I recommend the Perfect Margarita - but only if you have a love for tequila. It's got a kick to it - but definitely does the job!
Bar was fun but the food sucked!
Ugh. I went here with a group of 8 people after a day full of traveling on planes. We arrived shortly after 10:30pm and the live band was just starting up. It was smoky and loud and I'm pretty sure our waiter could barely hear us, so I'll forgive the orders that he messed up (including forgetting to bring drinks out to the table). However, that does not excuse the very slow service and the fact that when our food finally did arrive, it looked like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for 20 minutes or so. My burger was so soggy I had to eat it with a fork.
Went here twice in September '09.  Loved the place.  Live music, great margaritas, awesome atmosphere.  We danced, drank, and had an awesome time.

We didn't eat, so I'm not giving five stars, but I think the 4 stars are well deserved.
The service was HORRIBLE! The waitress didn't even talk to us or even give us a menu until we had been sitting there for 20 min!
What do you expect from a chain named after a song? mediocre food, weak margaritas and way too loud to have conversation. volcano Nachos - they should be ashamed of themselves - bigger is rarely better and Velveeta never is.  Caesar salad - flavorless. Jerk Salmon was DROWNED in BBQ sauce - hello?
And not just because I'm a Parrothead...

The last time I was in Vegas, I was out with a group.  Some had never been to Vegas before and they were losing their minds!  (For example, one guy from Nebraska...  They've got slot machines right in the damn airport!)  This is Vegas.  Come on...  Most of the group was not ready for the price shock, so the first night in town we spent over two hours trying to find the steak and lobster special.  Then after the meal all I heard was "that wasn't very good at all, and look how much they charged us for the alcohol!!"

I wanted to get away from all that (it was almost every night).  Don't they learn from the first time?  Apparently not.

Having been to the Margaritaville in Orlando, I knew I would get great food here.  I didn't have to think about it, I just knew it would be.  It was.   I took The Deuce (greatest form of transportation in Vegas ever!) from my hotel to Margaritaville.  I knew there would be a wait, I expected to wait, and I figured I'd look around the shop or musclle up to the bar.  No biggie.

I was pleasantly surprised when the gal taking the stand-by reservation told me that there was a seat available up on the patio on the third floor.  Only a few people were up there because it felt like we were sitting at a bar on Mercury (until the sun went down behind Ceasar's...).  Best decision I ever made!

It wasn't long before the sun dropped below Ceasar's, and the bartender was friendly without trying to push me into anything other than conversation. 

I ordered the jambalaya and it was awesome.  I washed it down with a Landshark on tap, and then the bartender had me try the Lone Palm Ale...  Wow!  And only available at Margaritaville, whereas Landshark is available down the street (still a good beer though).  

After the sun went down, the patio turned lively and everyone up there just hung out.  It was one of those random moments that live in a memory.  Good times.
While not the best meal we had while in Vegas (see review for Strip House steakhouse at Planet Hollywood), this was a fine place to take kids and the food was good.  Not memorable, really, but no complaints.  A little bit loud if you're trying to get away from the crowds, casinos, and noise for awhile, but then, with a name like Margaritaville, that's what you'd expect.  The volcano was kind of fun, and the music was what you'd expect as well.  The food was a little greasy for my taste, but the rest of the family thought it was good.  Probably wouldn't go back, but only because it's not really my type of place, but the staff, food and atmosphere was A-OK!
The best time we had in all of Vegas. I personally, don't care much about Jimmy Buffet....but this place was the best time we had all week in Vegas. Went on a Friday night (6/11/10) and had so much fun. Lots and lots of locals (which means something, right?). Met some older guys who we danced with for a while and some funny British guys. It was comfortable in my jeans and flip flops and the drinks weren't terribly expensive either. What an eclectic group of people having so much fun together! LOVED IT!
Also, the cover band (synergy?????) was soooo awesome and made our final night of vacation so splendid!
Their buffalo wings are finger licking good!! This in itself was why I think this place is so great haha (of all reasons)!  This place can get pretty crowded but we actually sat at the bar to have a few margaritas and try their wings.  It was so good that we ordered another plate of it, yummmm!! The sauce was just right: spicy enough and the right amount of sourness (if you get what I mean).  Of course the margaritas weren't bad either.  Pretty tasty in fact.  We had a few that definitely gave us a good buzz!  Sitting at the bar you've got front row seats for their little show of a girl sliding down their indoor volcano (on a water slide)--or something like, that.  I can't really remember.  Haha, maybe the margaritas were better than I thought!
Go here for the strong margarita's to escape the heat of the strip. .

The margaritas we had were great.  Try them on the rocks or frozen--doesn't really matter.  I was pretty surprised to be honest, as they just make huge batches of the stuff and pump it out en masse. 

The food wasn't anything spectacular, but you most certainly could do worse on the strip for your money.  You are really paying for the atmosphere here.  Everything is tacky and very Vegas, but that's why you are there in the first place.

Definitely would go again, just nothing incredible or mind-blowing in my book.
Like others have mentioned, the service at Margaritaville leaves much to be desired. It took about 20 minutes to get menus, about 45 minutes for our food to arrive, another 10 minutes waiting for someone to bring us utensils. We went for breakfast and my omelette (something with crab and shrimp) was very good. Another person got the 'boatmeal' that came with a generous serving of fresh fruit on the side. The margaritas, however, not so good. Such a shame.

Our waiter looked like Seth Rogen, though. That's always nice.
This place is just fun.  The decor is great, and they have entertaining staff working there.  Just get ready for a long long wait.  But I did appreciate that they told us to go walk around for half an hour and then come back for the buzzer.  They way we weren't confined to the restaurant for over an hour.

Once we did get the buzzer, we went to one of the many bars they had and got what else, but a margarita! I had the "Havanas and Bananas" and it was SO GOOD.  (Banana and coconut... delicious!)  It made the rest of the wait for the table bearable.  For food, I had the turkey burger that had the pineapple on top, which I also strongly recommend.  Also very delicious.  And the fries here rock too.

Really a great experience, and I would be more inclined to return to another one of these over another tourist chain like PH or Hard Rock.  The gift shop has a lot of cute things as well
So this place is ok for food. Service is a bit crap to be honest. As a 25 yr old asking for a beer I was told by the server at our table that I needed my passport as ID an that I wouldn't be served again without it. This came just 10 mins after being served at the bar by a bar member.

Firstly I wouldn't be so foolish as to risk taking my passport out of the hotel, but this guy was the only person our whole trip who said anything about the ID I had produced. 

No need for his attitude either when I mentioned I had just been served.
Take me away again to margaritaville...just know I won't be leaving the bar! I had the perfect margarita on the rocks with salt and ummm-err-ahhh it was perfect. I found the bartenders to be personable, friendly and willing to make suggestions. 
The hostess staff however, has some control issues. They take their job and power very serious. The server I had, while a seasoned server - was surprisingly inept with a large group. No refills, VERY VERY slow food service and she must have put the order in wrong as the food runners started delivering to the wrong people and then just started calling out meals. There were fajitas, burgers, wings, etc on the table and she didn't bring any extra napkins or make a trip over to see how we were doing. So the service was eh, so I got my own napkins and refilled my own iced tea - was the food good? Yeah the food was good, I had the turkey burger and it was full of flavor and goodness.  Would suggest you come here for the bar and atmosphere, and eat at the bar too.
The nachos at margaritaville are one of the most enjoyable things about vegas.  As a late night snack they are one of the best things you can get.  And the margarita choices and other drink concoctions are outstanding.  Always love coming here, and the live rock music is a nice touch.  Overall reasonably priced food and drinks, and real chill setting to just have a good laid back time.
Loved their papaya & guava margaritas (with salt on the rim of course). For a taste of something more...virgin, the guava juice delivered. Loved their decor - think summery beach vibe, sail boats and decks. Their nacho platter was good, but more like a meal than an appetizer. The waiters & waitresses seem to be on crack but others might call it good customer service. In the scorching hot oven known as VEGAS this is a smart pit stop for sure. 

OH PS. you can also take the alcohol to go... I did not do so, but can LA restaurants & bars please take note and do likewise? pls & thank you.
What can I say.  I needed to kill a couple hours before flying out of this crazy city. The result...I am buzzed and had an awesome burger. Sit at the bar meet people from around the world, and drink..,works for me. Drink here, eat here, meet and greet here...sad to leave but I have a plane to catch...to reality.
Great service! Great price! Great atmosphere! Bar tender was very friendly and drinks were delicious!
Their margaritas are good and just really good. I dot remember what margarita I had but boy was it strong. I also shared the nachos with the girlfriend and we both agreed that they were pretty good. I'll have to come here next time I'm in town.
Over priced! Over rated!
The only reason I wanted to come by - the volcano nachos.  I liked them a lot.  Shredded cheddar and jack on top of a mild chili mix of ground beef and stewed tomatoes, sour cream, guac, tomatoes, and jalapenos.  Only thing I DIDN'T like was the fact that there weren't enough toppings to go around.  By the time you get to the middle of your "volcano" there are only nacho chips left with nothing to scoop.  We sat in the bar area because table seating was a 15 minute wait.  Pretty good bloody marys.
I came not because I'm a Jimmy Buffett fan but because I was looking for some adult beverages on the Strip and the menu looked good too. My mother and I arrived on a Saturday night around 8 and waited somewhere between 30 and 45 minutes for a table, which is really not bad considering it was Saturday. I did not know this place was so huge, there are 3 floors! There is also a gift shop that we strolled through while waiting for our table, as well as talked to an employee there; they have men walking around on stilts, dressed in sailor costumes (think Popeye). That was entertaining enough. The huge margarita tubs behind the bar are cool to look at.

Anyway there is not too much to say. Our waiter was prompt despite a packed house, our food and drinks were good, the atmosphere is casual and I enjoyed the tv's everywhere playing the music video for whatever song happened to be playing on their playlist. It may be outdated but I still like watching music videos. I feel for the prices we should have gotten more food though; everything was good but the quantity did not match the prices. For the record we had a shrimp cocktail (Peel N Eat Shrimp), Coconut Shrimp, and the BBQ Pork Sandwich. No complaints about our food otherwise. I had a margarita which was good and I think my mom had a beer. It IS the Strip and we had fun so it's a give and take. Next time I will probably sit at the bar exclusively for drinks and maybe some appetizers. I'm not running back to Margaritaville but will be there again sometime.

I was really between 2 and 3 stars, and although the food was good it really can be found elsewhere, so that bumped it down to a 2 for me.
Yummy margaritas and a bbq pork sandwich was the kick of this place.  I'm not a big Jimmy Buffett fan, but it's a hip place to check out.  We ate on the 2nd floor away from the crowd and our waitress was nice.  She gave us a souvenir glass for free.  There are a lot of people that get a second round of drinks to go to drink on the strip.  How often does that happen when you are on not on vacation?  ;)
I stopped by JB's after a night of parties/gambling and just needed some food.  JB's was open and available so we stopped in.  The restaurant seemed to follow a ship's decor, with mock ships and galleys for seating.  We sat down and took a look at the menu.  It seemed like a glorified TGI Friday's.  We ordered simple things, like lava shrimp and burgers, as well as margaritas, which they were supposed to be famous for.  The margaritas were so-so and the food nothing special.  Like I said, a glorified TGI Friday's.

On the plus side, they did have a band on stage with nice live music so it wasn't a total loss.  I mean, we were stuffed by the end of the meal, but for some odd reason expected more for the price.  Oh well, afterall, it's Vegas.
Had the jerk chicken for $16.99. What a pitiful yardbird that was, extremely dry and then the green beans that went with it were not even cooked!! Margaritas defiantly helped me choke down my dinner and sleep a little better too :)
Ate lunch here last Thursday.  Place is alright.  Had a BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a dill pickle with some beer which was pretty bomb aside from the fact that I was really hungry.  They also serve buckets of beer over here.  Chill spot for a change in scenery from stuffing your face at those overpriced buffets.  Expect to drop around $20-$25 each here with a meal and a couple drinks.
We came here for a drink and snack. It was pricey for small drinks and the nachos we ordered were huge but not very good. Atmosphere was kind of cool., they have a volcano that erupts inside the restaurant.
For people who hate chains -- you'll hate this place.  Sorry about that.

However, this place is one that I continue to come back to every time I'm in Vegas.  I love the fun atmosphere and the good music they play.  I like that it makes me feel like I am really on vacation.  

The food is decent and is not insanely overpriced like some places in Vegas.  The food is also consistent.  I've never had anything bad here, but my favorite is the chicken fajitas.  

In the time between my trips to Vegas, I discovered they have added a "show" at this location.  Every half hour (I think) a girl comes out and dances around and does a little shimmy shake.  She even climbs into the volcano and then slip and slides down it into the blender.  It's ridiculous and hilarious, but totally awesome because it is in Vegas.
Quite poor, actually.  I ordered the $20 mahi mahi and it was junk.  It was way too salty, and the vegetables that came on the side were barely cooked.  The only thing good about the meal was the glass of white zinfandel I had.  Others at my table were only mildly impressed with their dishes too.  With so many amazing dining choices in Vegas, go elsewhere.
A good place to go if you aren't really into clubs/don't want to wait in a line/don't want to pay admission. They have a live band playing there that plays a good variety of music that appeals to everyone.

Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste. After two I felt disgusting. Their volcano nachos are ridiculously huge but good to share with a huge group. 

I considered this place my "back up plan" I wouldn't plan to go here first but if all my other plans fell awry I would be happy here.
Loved it! We went here after Yelping it and I was going to try the chicken fajitas that were so highly recommended. But they had portobello fajitas! I was in heaven! The best fajitas I have ever had in my life, I kid you not! If you are in Vegas, you gotta try this place. It was hopping! And the entertainment was pretty cool too!
In our 2 visits to Margaritaville I will have to say I have not been disappointed. Now I will be the first one to admit that we usually get sucked into the chain restaurants and the majority of the time it is just bad. But maybe it was the tequila in my drinks but the food each time was great. Each time we have started off with the Nachos. Seriously after eating them I should not have ordered an entree but I did anyway and remember leaving there stuffed. On Friday and Saturday nights it is for sure a party atmosphere in there.
This place sucks hard. Jimmy buffet would never eat here I'm sure of it, and neither will I again. 

First off is the beer scam they run here where the draft price listed on the menu as five bucks. Except that's for the twelve ounce beer, also not a listed fact. Then when you order the waiter says "would you like the twelve or the twenty-two ounce souvenir size?" I was shrewd enough to pick up on this but they caught my friends by suprise. Anyway when you say yes to this they throw in the take home glass at which point you have to pay for the glass for ten bucks and then carry around this monument to your stupidity the rest of the night. 

Food is average atmosphere is ok service sucked but was quick. I was smart I got a shot of tequila but the rest of my friends got caught in the beer scam. 

So one star for blatant dishonesty and the beer bait and switch and general crappiness. One good thing we ate here the first thing we did on the first night of our trip and things went waay up from here. Vegas baby!
Coming to Margaritaville, at least for me, has been similar to doing heroin.  

I came here for the first time years ago and thought it was the best thing ever. Yummy sour apple margaritas in a yard-long cup that had a neck strap.  I think it's worth noting that I was pretty WASTED on my first trip.

Every subsequent trip has been spent "Chasing the Dragon."  I just can't get that same feeling anymore.

Super loud and crowded to the point that I can't have a conversation with my own table. Lame music & "entertainment"

Service leaves much to be desired...I think everyone appears to be drinking on the job.

Won't be back if I can help it.
This place was everything I expected it to be!  The food was as bland, boring and as uninspiring as a Jimmy Buffett song.  It was amazing how they were able to make everything on the menu like a yacht rock song.  Everything was of the island theme and of course they had the Cheese Burger in Paradise!  So when in Rome I had to have it to complete my experience by having one.  

The real reason we came here?  It was pretty dead for lunch, and easy to get a table.  We need a place to kill some time before heading back to Cleveland.  The ambiance?  It's a standard chain with wild and wacky Buffett memorabilia, a giant margarita glass full of the god awful is there actually booze in here mix, and your general Key West decor.  The TV's tortured you with not just live Buffett but Dave Matthews and other sound alike no talent soulless drivel as well.  If it sucked it was on that TV right above our heads blasting.  You couldn't pay me to go back here quite honestly.  

For the Buffett lover or parrot heads this place is Mecca but for a cynical non-fan skip it.  Everything about this place is as predicable as a Jimmy Buffett chorus.
we go here everytime we're in vegas... Hubby and I are not the club going type but we enjoy a good meal.. I'm not a Jimmy Buffet fan but the place is chill. This time around had quesadillas for appetizer (delish) and tilapia burger... very good.. My fave: pomegranate margarita... yummy.. dislike: overpriced for ok food.
This was the first place open serving food that was close by our hotel once we got settled in. We split an order of nachos, which were HUGE! The late night crowd was there, and they had the lights turned down and the music blaring. Not the atmosphere I expected.
Bring Margaritaville to LA!!! 
When I go into Vegas I enjoy drinking!!!! 
I am a fan of margaritas. I prefer just the house margaritas on the rocks with salt. The blended ones give me a brain freeze. I will admit that last time I came here I was a little buzzed and everything tasted good. But overall the margaritas are good. 
When it comes to the food I remember sharing a chicken sandwich with my friend. It was enough to be shared. Again, tasted great when you've had hours and hours of drinking. One of the first times I went there I got the nachos and they were HUGE! I'm not kidding -- you can feed a family of 4 easily. They are just to big and lack flavor. 
Service was fast and friendly. It does get packed but a little short wait is not all that bad. Music is pretty cool and just a great atmosphere overall. Great place to start the night!!!
Good food, good margaritas, descent prices, what else is there to say?? Very fun!!!  Will for sure be back!
Hostess gave our table away -- the buzzer beeped we cashed out and went to get our table and she said sorry I gave your table away...this time we sat in the lobby.  Server was very friendly, food was good, but the short stocky Security Guard takes his job way too seriously to the point he is a buzzkill when nothing is happening...We had a bird's eye view as our tables were in the front facing the stage,  and watched as he was just gunning for someone to do something that would require his expertise.  Way too much, and the people sitting next to us felt the same way!!  I wanted to suggest that he take it down a few notches, but opted to just let it go.  He certainly is not a company asset.  We were there to chill, relax, listen  to music and have a great time but it was hard when Rambo walks by every moment like a stalker just waiting for prey.  Went to Hard Rock, had a great time!
I'm not a Jimmy Buffett fan but the food here is good. I've been to this one 2x, and the other one in Orlando. The gift shop is annoying as you'll only find Jimmy Buffett stuff, don't understand why people like him, he had one good song and can't sing worth a hoot. Would rather listen to the Marcarena all day long. So just be prepared to tune the music out and the big screen promo of him that plays non stop while you are there. 
Have tried the cheeseburger and the blackened fish at this location in particular. Both very very good. But for an appetizer you need to get the nachos! Awesome! Very fattening and bad for you, so make sure it's a cheat meal for you :)
Service is awesome, both times we had Chris. Ask for him and you won't be disappointed. He even gave us a tour of the place. There's 3 levels. And this one location is according to him the busiest restaurant in the U.S, maybe the world I can't remember. 
Food is well priced. Give it a try
Fish tacos rock!  Sit on the third floor outside great view of caesars and the strip a lot of fun!
In a city where everything is over the top and fake.  This place is just enjoyable.  Food is decent and the service is good.



Thanks jimmy!
This is a stop we make during every Vegas trip. Being a Parrothead, we have to. 

Margaritas are excellent, the food is mostly good (Crab Dip - Very good; Jerk Chicken - good; Taco Salad - not). Service is good and the atmosphere is fun.
We were staying at Flamingo and didn't want to go to the hotel buffet or coffee shop for breakfast, so decided to try something different and come here.

This restaurant has 3 levels and breakfast was only served on the 3rd level.  The great thing about that is it is outdoors and you have a great view of the Strip.

I had eggs benedict and it was ok.  Wasn't the worst I've had, but it wasn't the best either.  It was busy, the atmosphere was nice, the service was ok and the food was ok for the price.  

The great thing is that if you are a Total Rewards Member (Players card for the Harrah's family which included Flamingo), you get 20% off breakfast at Jimmy B's and 10% off anything in the retail store.

Not sure if I'd come back for breakfast, but one day I do want to go back for some Margaritas and good music.
We came here one night after dinner for the sole reason of getting more buzzed/drunk. It was a pretty chill atmosphere: dark, with music, and some space for dancing.

They have a huge variety of drinks (with a full bar), mostly centered around margaritas; it is, afterall, in their name. If you want their strongest drink, get the Perfect Margarita (gold tequila, silver tequila, triple sec, orange curacao and lime juice on the rocks. I can't say it tasted very good because, well, it didn't; but it did its job.

I may have been drunk after an additional shot of grey goose, but I'm calling BS on this extra tax they charged us. The sales tax in Vegas is 8.1%, but they charged us 18.1%. I knew something wasn't right when the tax they charged was higher than the amount listed next to the suggested 15% tip amount. When I asked our server about it, he said all places in Vegas charge an extra 10% tax at places where they have entertainment. That's the first time I've ever heard about something like that. What BS! I won't be coming back.
This place is always packed. I've never eaten here but I didn't see anything special in their margaritas. It's Vegas so everything is supposed to be ridiculous but paying $18 for a margarita was not cool. I got the souvenir glass but broke it once my friends and I entered clubs. I think it'd be more enjoyable to have dinner here rather than just come for a drink.
Much better quality food than I expected for the prices.  This place is a great value compared with most of the options on the strip.  The service was also pretty good considering how busy it was.  I will likely stop in again next time I am in Vegas.  Good selection of beers too, it's the only place in Vegas I saw PBR on tap!
Food is mediocre - but I mean do you really come here for the food? You come here for the atmosphere and  the freezing margaritas. That being said the food was decent, our service was good. and it was my birthday and I got an amazing balloon hat. Love Vegas.
An admitted Parrot Head, I couldn't not go to Margaritaville. The drinks are great, and servings of food and alcohol are large. Three of us couldn't finish the nachos, which were delish. We all had a different margarita and they were all good. This place just has a fun vibe to it.

The gift shop has some hysterical shirts...I got one that said "we are the people our parents warned us about." So true.
it's a party on the inside, very cool decor and volcano show

better burgers than "The Burger Joint" in the same location

average food but worth the price
Quick & Dirty:  Jimmy would be very disappointed.  Just bad, all around.

Long & Wasted Away:  

In a past life I worked at a Hard Rock Cafe for a year, so I know about places like this.  They try to capitalize on tourists and nostalgia.  HRC has this down to a science, Margaritaville on the other hand is a disgrace.  

Food:  It's okay.  Burgers, chicken, salads, etc.  Basically nothing memorable.  

Drinks:  Overpriced, watered down, lame.

Atmosphere:  Would've been cool if they had been playing Jimmy Buffet!  We got to hear Nirvana, The Squeeze, Madonna, etc.  I mean, what the hell is that crap?  

Service:   AWFUL!  We were there for my Brother-in-law's 40th and were rushed along like it was lunch.  Server was terrible.  

This was my first time here but my family had been here before and kept saying "It used to be so cool." or "What happened to this place?" or "Why does this place suck such huge elephant balls?"  

I don't know the answer to any of those questions.  So, I have to ask Jimmy.  

Jimmy, if you are reading this by chance, what happened?  Your name is sprayed all over the bosom of this five dollar Mexican hooker of a restaurant.  It's disgusting!  

Should you go here?  Go to Hard Rock, Planet Hollywood, or anyplace else if you need to go to a place like this at all.

Would I go here again?  Even if they had my lost salt shaker, I'd just buy a new one elsewhere that wasn't $10!

What a pisser,
Sam
This is a "must do" if you're on the strip. 
The margaritas are pretty darn good. I guess that's what most people come for because the food is not the greatest I've ever had. 
I tried the Cuban sandwich which was "fair". 
The other two people with me tried the nachos and the quesadilla which they said was "OK". 
I think the food is just a way to keep people in after they've filled up on margaritas. I also think the food is a little overpriced.
Teriyaki steak was great!  Lots of Margaritas to choose from.  Our meal took a long time so our waiter bought us a coupla extra margaritas.  

People on stilts walk around and will blow up balloons and place them on your head.  Fun time.
We went to Margaritaville Cafe on the Monday, right before we left for the airport.

It was really fun inside, but the food wasnt anything spectacular and it smelled funny-like a bar in Mexico. I wish we would have gone there when we were in the mood to drink because their margarita menu was insane!Never seen so many options in my life. I got the California Chicken Sandwich which was alright, but their fries were the best part-vvveeryyy yummy.

Good place for kids/big parties. Honestly the best part about it was the video playing on the overhead projector of drunk people making fools out of themselves on tape....very entertaining;)
Margaritaville was actually pretty good. We got a lot of appetizers - the wings are insanely tasty. We also bought the 100 Oz. margarita mix for $50. *TIP* If you get it, tell them to put LESS ice. They put so much that it dilutes your drink quickly.

The shrimp/steak was very dry. I highly recommend that you don't order it and stick to nachos + burgers. 

One thing that's great about Margaritaville are the balloon makers. They make awesome balloon designs for your party/kids - an awesome experience. They have a show where a girl slides down the volcano - it's rather dumb, but better than nothing I guess.
If you walk down the strip, you will for sure see Margaritaville.

I have passed by this place many many times, but last week was the first time I actually went in to sit down and eat.

If you do come here, the one thing you SHOULD order is the nachos.  This will feed a family!  It comes out in a huge tower and it really is hard to miss when the waiters bring out the platter of nachos.  They are generous with the jalapenos, guacamole, sour cream and cheese; which is why it is so worth getting!

Andrew D. and I both ordered burgers, but sadly they were not as good.  I ordered the portobello mushroom cheeseburger and he ordered the bbq bacon cheeseburger.  His burger actually tasted better than mine.  Bacon always makes things better, doesn't it?  My portobello cheeseburger was kind of lacking taste. 

Already filled from alcohol from the night before, we also didn't get a chance to order a margarita.  However, their margarita menu is extensive and it looks like there are a lot of crazy drinks you can order.

Service was a little too slow for me, but the waitress was really nice.  For 2 people, it will cost you around $50.  A little on the pricey side for just nachos and burgers.  However, I may come back again for just the nachos.
Cheeseburger in Paradise sums it up!  The burgers here are a force to be reckoned with, the servers are cool, and a it is a great value overall.

When Ryan M. and I do LV, we always hit Margaritaville for some tasty eats and drinks.  Aside from the great burgers, the tacos and nachos are also very good.

Thank you, Jimmy Buffet - every time I hear your plug for Margaritaville at the end of "It's Five O'Clock Somewhere", my mouth starts watering for your tasty burgers.
I always try to make sure I head to this place everytime I go to Vegas because I always have the best time.  The drinks are good...the food is good...always a bunch of cute and friendly guys...the mermaid show is entertaining.  It's just a really fun, laidback atmosphere.  Love it.
what an awesomely tacky and fun place.

the theme here is Some Sort of Tropical. there's a show at some point, involving pirates on stilts, a volcano, balloon hats, everyone clapping in unison, and a girl in a bikini in a dunk tank, none of which seem to make sense, but who cares? 

I had the pulled pork sandwich on garlic toasted bread, which was actually pretty good, though the fries were standard.

the nachos: they are piled high and stacked with beans, cheese, meats, sour cream, and guac, and most definitely NOT microwaved. incredible stuff - and the 7 of us at the table were just able to finish them!

the drinks: our waiter actually advised against getting the giant ones because he said the ice melts too fast and dilutes it. myself and a few other people in our party had "The Perfect Margarita" which was described to us as "pretty much just alcohol and lime juice" and definitely did the trick. a little too much salt for my taste, but the alcohol helped block that out.

major props to our waiter (I think his name was John) - he was from Hoboken! - he actually was helpful with recommendations.

the price is not that bad actually. I think we each chipped in about $25-30.

thanks to this place "Wasting Away in Margaritaville" is stuck in my head. curse you, Jimmy.
There are two reasons why I love margaritaville and two only. 

The first reason: Redbull margaritas. This is like the ultimate cure for a hangover AND you get to maintain drunkness. Fuck yes. If you sit there long enough and drink enough of them, suddenly you'll find yourself running down Las Vegas Boulevard at full speed against traffic with your shirt off and not remember a damn thing. Good times.

Second reason: rare burgers. You know, I get fucking completely tired of places cooking their burgers all the way through if I specifically ask for rare. I assume the risk that I might get ecoli or mad cow when I eat rare meat. Needless to say I'm stoked that margaritaville will oblige me and give me my fucking rare burger. 

That's it. Just follow my lead and do it.
The jerk chicken is really good, and you'll get a decent-sized portion of food if you order it! 

Drinks are really good! The atmosphere is pretty wild - I saw a few dudes walking around on stilts, some girl go down a waterslide, and a very loud Jimmy Buffet concert on a giant TV. 

Prices are a little expensive, but this place is definitely worth stopping in if you're looking for a nice change of pace from the Strip!
Best nachos in town and I eat nachos everywhere.  My family and I go to this inconvenient and pricey place just for the nachos.  Locals this is a must try but don't venture out for any other food just stick with nachos they are amazing.
The jerk chicken wings are pretty great. The buffalo wings I could pass on.

I got the French Onion burger, which was good but a bit too salty and onion-y... surprise surprise. It tasted like it was seasoned with a pack of onion soup mix.

Boyfriend got the Hawaiian burger which he really enjoyed. I liked picking the little bits of mango off his plate.

Fries were good enough and the margaritas were a bit weak but tasted good.

Staff was all super nice including our waitress who was happy to recommend all kind of things for us and the girls by the door who offered to take a picture of us with the token big breasted mermaid.
Came here just for the margaritas since we were staying across the street at Caesar's Palace. The drinks were delicious and the service was awesome! As expensive as Vegas is, the margaritas here were fairly priced:)
This place is just cheesy enough!!!  

We typically just eat and drink at the bar because that is where all of the fun is!!!  The bartenders during the day are funny and nice.  The patrons are all just out to have fun and you meet the nicest and oddest people here!!!  The food is not amazing here, but I don't think most people are coming to Vegas for the food!!!  The drinks, however, are delicious!!!

We did eat at the restaurant part this past weekend for a family dinner and it just was not the same.  The service was slow and not as peppy.  We will definitely return to Margaritaville, but will definitely opt for the bar to enjoy our drinks and food!!!
Yep it is typical Vegas ie a bit touristy and a bit sleazy, however it is a great place to catch your breath and enjoy a cool drink. I haven't eaten here but the margarita's are quite good!
This is definitely a place of novelty.

My friend and I shared a plate of the Chicken Pasta. The portions are big enough to share. You won't feel super stuffed when you try to squeeze into your dresses for the evening! Hehe. :) The pasta was pretty good, you can also substitute the chicken for shrimp too.

Of course, you can't go to Margaritaville without trying out their margaritas! A few of my friends ordered the Tropical Fruit Margaritas (Mango and Guava). They're on the sweeter side, but pretty yummy! Although you'd probably have to drink a couple more to get a decent buzz, haha.

This restaurant has a sort of tiki/Hawaiian sort of atmosphere. In between our meal, the staff put on a little musical number... complete with a dancer sliding into a pool (or giant cup) of water! Even though it is a little cheesy, eating here was entertaining!
We grabbed our first meal here out of conveniance when we checked into the Flamingo.  Check with your server for drink specials. We ended up with $5 24oz beers that were from a  party that they were trying to use up.  Nachos were huge and a great snack before we wandered out on the strip fo a walk. Wife had the tortilla soup which she liked.
* Good for kids or ten years old adults.

* Giant size NACHOS. I'm not kidding, the nachos is the size of my head combined with another person's head.

* I had the Hawaiian type burger and it was just ok. The meat was good, but the buns got soggy really quick and they put waaaaaayyyy too much lettuce on it. The last time I check, I'm not quite a herbivore yet....

* There are better restaurants in Vegas...I think...
Jimmy Buffett's Margartiaville is always on my to do list when I'm in Vegas and my most recent trip was no different.  My friend and I were partially hungover and I thought the Volcano Nachos would be a good way to start the day.  

On this given Saturday, we didn't have to wait for room at the bar and we immediately sat ourselves at the bar.  The cafe was steadily busy, but not overflowing with customers as you might expect during the late-night hour.  We went ahead and placed our order for the Volcano Nacho and I decided to try a frozen concoction by the name of Havanas and Bananas.  The frozen drink is made with Cruzan Dark Rum, Baileys, and Bols Crema de Banana and Island Oasis coconut mix.

The frozen drink was delicious and tasted like something off the Starbucks Frappachino menu rather than an alcoholic beverage.  The drink was flavorful, yet had a kick of rum that wasn't overpowering in anyway.  The volcano nachos arrived and were just as big as I remembered.  The appetizer can serve as a main entree or can be shared with two or three adults and still have leftovers.  

The volcano nachos are topped with chili, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, jalapeos, tomato and scallions.  Additionally, you can add grilled chicken or beef for an additional charge.  I tend to always go with grilled chicken and yet to try the beef topping.  The nacho plate represents everything Vegas food is about.  The nachos are overwhelming with flavor, spiciness, and size.  The nachos are simply delicious and leave you stuffed.  I can't recommend the nachos enough, especially if you're with a group of friends, as you can all share and dig in.

I would give Margaritaville a full five stars, but I had a horrible experience a few summers ago.  The cafe was busy and I was forced to wait about 25-30 minutes for a spot to open at the bar.  Once I sat myself , I was carded and the girl behind the counter refused to serve me because she said the ID wasn't mine.  Granted, the picture was old and I had gained 100+ lbs, but there was still enough resemblance for me to be served everywhere else in Las Vegas.  Furthermore, she was rude about the whole ordeal and refused to call over a manager.  I was upset and called her a cunt and walked away.  The situation could of been handled better by both parties, but I consider it an isolated incident and sweep it under the rug.
Eh I wasn't impressed. I enjoy the atmosphere in Orlando better. We sat in the bar and the server seemed disinterested in serving us. We arrived an hour before they closed which was really early for Vegas and he told us three times within the hour that they closed soon. It was like Dude we get the message we will leave your table in time for you to go home. The drinks we got were great but not proportioned to the price.
Seriously ..... What is better than drinking a margarita, eating a juicy burger, listening to Jimmy Buffett's great repertoire (/rep(r)twr/), and watching a scantily clad mermaid slide seductively (...... and very awkwardly) down a volcano into a GIANT margarita glass!!!! I ask you..... what??! Nothing. The Drinks are strong .... the music is great .... you will leave relaxed, full and drunk. 

Watch out for Pop Tops!!
The service was fantastic! It was our birthday so he hooked us up with free ice cream sundaes and was very friendly. We had the chicken wings which were pretty good size and I'm still craving them. We also split a cheeseburger in paradise. This is suppose to be their signature burger but I didn't really care for it.too messy, flavor was boring and it was just a regular burger.nothing special about it.all in all, it was a good experience...primarily because of the service.
Margaritaville is the Jimmy Buffet entry for Vegas.  Seems like a nice enough party joint, but get ready for a bunch of fried foods and some just "OK" margaritas. 

I was recently stationed there for a private party, which had it's own place on the very cold deck and a private bartender.  So bad and good things going for it.  

I would say the food is ok and the drinks are ok, but you can find much better throughout Vegas.
This is not going to be a fair review. Upfront.

I visited the Margaritaville Cafe on 2/14/11. Apparently someone had "bought-out" the first two floors leaving only the roof-top bar available.

The line for the roof-top bar started at the top of the stairs and proceed down a hall toward what appeared to be a bus area/kitchen. The stench of stewing garbage in the hallway was over powering. About 20-30 people waited in this line. After 15 minutes, the line didn't move and the same two guys at the front were still there.

We left. Probably never coming back. Management needed to be doing some damage control and wasn't. It probably would have been tolerable if someone tried to get a couple of drink orders for the line.
We ordered the nachos, tortilla soup and a California chicken sandwich. We also ordered a Bahama Mama drink.

Nachos = Good - It was  huge and very messy, very good, but nothing out of the ordinary (except for size)

Tortilla soup = good, but it was more like a chili, it actually went well with the nachos.

Chicken sandwich = very good, came with fries. My son really enjoyed it.

Bahama Mama: poor, the drink was small and not very tasty. I told my wife if Margarita is in the restaurant's name, then maybe she should have ordered that.

The food was good, the service was fine. We probably wouldn't return without a groupon or other discount as the food was a little overpriced and nothing special.
Why do I like this place? Because it just doesn't feel like Las Vegas! 
This place has an amazing vibe to it and the bartenders are really good. There are no slot machines here...just some great food and drink...it allows me to escape from Vegas and it takes me to a tropical place in my mind. 

Dinner is great here...do not pass up the Cheese Burger in Paradise...it is one of the best burgers you will find...plus I highly recommend the Ultimate Margarita. We also sit at the bar and enjoy talking to the bartenders. They are fun bunch up there and make the night enjoyable. 

Recently they added breakfast here and I was able to swing buy and grab a bite before work. I sat at the bar on the second floor and the bartenders that worked up there were fantastic. I had an amazing 3 egg white omelet is so nice not to eat at an all you can eat buffet in Vegas. The cooked to order breakfast was really good. I was amazed to see other people at the bar drinking Margarita's at 9am...I guess that is how you start your day in the desert of sin city...my liver was hurting for them.
Yumm.. What's better then getting a yummy margarita on a Sunday morning. I tell you, it's the breakfast of champions! 

After a adventurous night from before, my girls and I decided to take a stroll down the strip and grab a hearty breakfast to soak up all the alcohol consumed. We decided to stop by Margaritaville since I've always wanted to try this place out.  Although it was an hour wait, we didn't mind since our poor feet needed a rest from the high heels we wore the other night. 

We ordered the huge nachos, buffalo wings and to be healthy, the Asian salad and of course, a side of strawberry margarita. 
All this, was able to feed 3 starving girls. We even had left overs to take back. The strawberry margarita and nachos totally hit the spot! I was in complete heaven! The salad helped wash down all the greasy fried goodness.  

I can't wait to go back and try all the other items on the menu. I haven't found a margarita as good as this place yet!
Drinks are much too expensive, paid $6 for a Heineken when I paid $1 for a Michelob 10 minutes before. Or waiter gave us great service he was very attentive and checked on our table often. Nachos , which could feed 4 normal people for about $16 were a good deal, because of the huge portion. We got steak and chicken nachos and 3 of us could not finish them, and they were good. The nachos had chunks of chicken, steak, ground beef, nacho cheese, shredded cheese, guacamole, and sour cream. Get the nachos and order nothing else, save your money on drinks and buy them some where else or flask it.
Y'know, I'd probably hate this place if it weren't in Las Vegas, but Jimmy's is actually kind of a nice momentary escape from the drone of clanging slot machines and flashing lights of the casinos.

I like sitting upstairs on the outdoor deck where there's a great view of Bellagio and Caesar's. Perched at the far end of the bar under one of the "misters" with a big rum drink in hand is a small slice of Vegas heaven.

I ordered the loaded nachos "appetizer" with a friend on a recent visit and that ended up being our appetizer, dinner and dessert as the serving was easily larger than my head! Probably the best bargain on the menu in that it can easily feed 2-3 grown men.
I've been to the location in Florida multiple times and loved their food. I was however a little disappointed by this location. The food was good but the service sucked. My bf and I waited for a good 10-15 min. before a waiter came by to take our drink orders after we were seated. Our drinks remained empty for a while before they were refilled too. When we were done eating it took a long time for the waiter to walk by to see that we were done. The music was good but really loud, we had to almost yell to hear each other. 

If you're looking for decent food but willing to hang out for a while this place would be ok but if you're looking to go in, eat, and go on with exploring Vegas I would recommend somewhere else.
We had lunch here and had a good time. We had the loaded nachos which is a ridiculous amount of food, and then just shared a burger. The food wasn't the best I've ever had but was good. 

We waited about 20 minutes for a table for two around 1pm which wasn't too bad. The service was okay and the prices were decent as well. We sent about $40 on the nachos, cheeseburger and two soft drinks with tip.
ONLY went here since we were crunched for time and had to find something close and quick. NEVER again. LOUD, too much hustle and bustle walking around. Not bad food, just your typical chain style fare.

Again, as I said,,,,never again.
After walking up and down the strip for hours, a friend and I decided to stop in and have lunch.  The service was pretty lousy for a Thursday afternoon, and the food was worse.  I ordered a simple cheeseburger and by the time I finally got it, my friend has finished his entire meal.  The burger was extremely bland as were the fries, and pretty costly considering there are a million other restaurants just seconds away.

The only thing I enjoyed there was a frozen drink or two, but those were so overpriced that it killed the enjoyment.  If you're in Vegas, there are several places that are better and worthier of your money.
Ive been here a few times since its attached to the casino @ flamingo (where I sometimes stay) sometimes i get a margarita  to-go, and other times I've chilled at the bar, i usually go for the "Perfect margarita" over ice along with some chips and salsa. i haven't tried any of the food yet. but the HUGE volcano nachos and the burgers seem to be heavily filling the tables when Ive come.  

The restaurant has two bars the 1st ones in the front of the restaurant and there's a (standing only) little patio which is facing out to the strip. good for people watching and catching a breeze where the weathers nice.
the 2nd bar is in the back of the restaurant by the stage/projection setup  

 For those who want a souvenir there's a gift shop @ the entry of the restaurant which sells glassware, margarita mixes, shirts,flip/flops, hats etc..

**tip #1 ** there's a 2-4-1 coupon for their  "whose to blame" margarita in the fun book they give you when you stay @ the flamingo. (avg out $4 ea margarita!!) which u can drink there or get it to go!   boo-ya!

**tip #2** you get more margarita when u get it a to-go cupppp :)
BEST NACHOS EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
other foood options i have no idea.
We went to Margaritaville last night with some friends who had come to town and wanted to try it.  The overpriced food was mediocre. We started with the tortilla soup, which was pretty much chicken chili. More like a thick sauce and not very soupy. Again, mediocre.  I had the Caribbean chicken salad. The cucumbers were cut into tiny pieces with the skin left on which was bitter and tough to chew. The chicken seemed to have been defrosted, which gave it a very weird texture.  My fiance had the chicken pasta, which was the highlight of our meal, but definitely not enough food for my hungry boy. We spent about $75 included a martini and a beer, but I can definitely find better food elsewhere for a much better price.

The worst part was the round of waters brought with the meal that no one ordered, which explained why we were never brought soda or beer refills after that, since we didn't see the waiter again until he started to usher us out with our check.  Our table of 7 was right in the middle of where the dance floor usually is. And the management stood near the bus station staring us down and tapping their toes till we vacated the table. Once one of us stood up, the bus boys were there clearing the table before we could even breathe.

We felt very unwelcome and will never go back.
I must admit i had high exspectations for this place when i went. Unfortunetly i left this place hungry and dissapointed. I ordered there Fajitas w/ beef, not a wise choice. After waiting a good while i was starving! when the food came the meat was real fatty and chewy and not alot of flavor. I never send food back but in this case i had to and not to mention it wasn't very hot. By the time my waitress figured everything out w/ her manager my best friend was all ready done w/ her plate of food (coconut prawns that were delicious to be fair). I will eat here again i do believe i just had a miss instead of a hit.
Bartenders here know how to pour!  Order the "Perfect Margarita", volcano nachos, and get a seat at the top patio! :)
Go for the drinks, go for the atmosphere, maybe even for the music, but skip the food.  The food I ordered smelled like dirty dishes, and the waiter took so long to come back to check on me that it wasn't even worth asking him to bring me something better/that didn't smell like dirty dishes.  THe margaritas were awesome though.
This place was okay.. 

we came with a party of 8.. had to wait over an hour to be seated. Def not worth the wait because its just a burger place. I received the same service and quality food as an Islands. The only outstanding thing is the choices of drinks and cool decor. Such as the huge margarita (where theres a girl inside dancing) and the volcano (another girl dancing)
I go to Vegas all the time, and this place never lets me down!! Great burgers and other dishes, perfect margaritas and other frozen concoctions! I crave this place and seriously wish I could eat here everyday. The atmosphere is awesome too complete with live music and 2 floors of island greatness! wasted away again...
A standard Margaritaville. Pretty clean, huge and drinking friendly. I especially loved the drinking deck, a patio esque area where smokers ad drunkards can watch the foot traffic just below on the strip sidewalk.
Shout out to Mississippi Marci!  Best service we had in Vegas.
I've been to this Margaritaville several times and generally have a good experience. There is usually a wait to get in, and parking can be a pain. The food and drinks can be a bit expensive. 

The marquee item on the menu is the Volcano Nachos. It satisfied our table of six adults. The burgers are a pretty safe bet here. Drinks are pretty good here, but be careful how much you drink, because they add up. 

I really like the atmosphere here. I'm no die hard Parrot Head, but I appreciate Jimmy Buffett and it is neat seeing how this guy lives and the happiness he brings people. They seem to play more of his stuff for dinner than lunch.
I haven't been here in a while, but this is the spot that my friends and I usually come when we don't want to deal with clubs/lines/guestlists/crap. I've never eaten the food here, but we come here when we want to make SURE everyone has a great time.

Great frozen drinks and great dance music, surprisingly enough! It's a fun atmosphere, there is never a wait to get in and we can always find a table. Most of the time I'm there, they have live bands..... I've seen people of all ages having a great time here so whether you're a college kid, way beyond a college kid, or just like to cougar hunt, you'll fit in here. It's never disappointed me!
You have to get the seafood dip! That will definitely bring me back. My boyfriend got the pull pork sandwich which he said was one of his favorite meals when we were out in Vegas. I got the turkey burger, one of the best turkey burgers I've had. It had a lot of flavor and it was huge. The manager came out and chatted with us for a little bit which I thought was nice :)
We were there the previous weekend for a 21st Birthday party, drinks & burgers were good. Not a place to celebrate birthdays, Waitress didn't  acknowledge the birthday girl..hum!
 
This time, we thought we would try their  overpriced Fish Tacos, "big disappointment " thick tortillas, tasteless fish. I should have returned the 2 fish dinners we ordered but didn't want to ruin the atmosphere.
Love this place, great service and atmosphere! Nachos feed about 4 people and make a great appetizer. Music is always good and the night life even better. That is if you are looking for a place with a very relaxed dress code.  Great place to just relax, have a drink and enjoy the music.
My husband and I ate here yesterday and we were pleased. We weren't really that hungry, but we felt like eating something small. I ordered the lava shrimp, it was spicy, but really tasty. My husband is a quesadilla lover, so of course, he ordered the quesadilla. He liked his food as well. I ordered a strawberry ice cream to go for while we were walking back to our car, and I think I just found my new favorite ice cream place. it was so good, real strawberries in it made it even better :) 

I was really considering getting one of their frozen drinks, but it was way too hot yesterday to drink, but next time I'm around there, I'll be sure to get a girly drink :) Hopefully it wont be so hot out so I don't get dehydrated quickly ;)
The food was better than I thought it would be.  Our server Vanessa was great.  You have to try the Cheeseburger in Paradise.  Cooked to perfection.  We didn't order the nachos but we saw them coming out of the kitchen.  If you are hungry then order this item.
What a place!  Try the margaritas which are marked only for serious fans.  BOOZY.  Took me two hours to finish in which time my date finished four pints haha!  I went onto the frozen premixed ones after that.  Danielle our server was really cool.  We had a great time!  Not too impressed with the Asian salad we had, but hey you don't come here for the food.
When you need a break from Vegas, try here.

It still has Vegas prices, but you can order intelligently and save a few bucks.  The atmosphere is consistent and well-done, the beer is cold, and the food is okay.  It's not an elite restaurant, but that's kind of the point.
Loud and obnoxious, just like you'd expect it to be.  The girl sliding down the volcano is unnecessary.  

However, the food is surprisingly delicious.  I expected gimmicky garbage food but was pleasantly surprised by the Ahi Tuna Tostada.  It was excellent.  The Cuban sandwich was good.  The Fish Sandwich is good.

In summary, food good atmosphere bad.
The food is below average for the strip. The only reason to goto this place is to drink a cold one and watch all the hot chicks parade up and down the strip. Having said that, I love this place.
Best best coladas
Fantastic margaritas and awesome atmosphere!!

We came here at about noon on a Sunday.  We got seated in about 15 minutes indoors (it was gorgeous outside, so there was a really long wait for a table out there) and we spent the time shopping in the store.

The service was a bit spotty.  It took about 10 minutes for our waiter to notice we were even there, and then another 20 minutes for our drinks to come out.  I had also ordered a salad with my meal, and I had to flag him down about 30 minutes after I ordered it to ask where it was.  I mean, it was lettuce and tomatoes--not that serious.

But all in all, the food was good (super delicious nachos!!) the landshark and my margaritas were amazing, and the atmosphere made you almost not care that it took 30 minutes to throw lettuce on a plate.  Almost...
No need to search for your long lost shaker of salt here...it's right on the table! Well the service here was so-so, but the food was pretty good. I had a blackened tilapia sandwich and it was mmm good! The mashed potatoes were tasty as well. We also had a nice view on the 2nd floor patio. Now, I know it's 5 o'clock somewhere...but if only our waitress didn't take that to heart and take most of the night off, this place would get a higher rating from me. Till the next time I'm wasting away again in margaritaville, take care of yourselves...and each other.
Ok, so I feel I am being a tad bit generous with the 2 stars...anyways here goes...

I feel my review is pretty valuable as I have dined at this restaurant once last year and once this year. 

Was not impressed the first visit in 2010 as I had high hopes. Was really hoping the whole "Cheeseburger in paradise" thing would be something real and not just a mirage. 

The location is great, business is always booming which they owe to the Tourist big time, and Flamingo hotel and casino as well since they have a direct corridor to access the restaurant. I thank you myself Flamingo for parking :)

Heads up...this place is ALWAYS busy from opening til closing so if you are looking for a peaceful sanctuary for a first date or some under the table romance, uh uh ain't happening, simply not an option here!

First visit-
Busy, service was very bad this particular day, the waitress as I call these "types" was a threesome, and not the good kind either. Meaning 3 visits to our table, 1. take order, 2 drop food, 3 drop check. Not the service you expect and deserve when dining out. When you are forced to flag down other waiters and bussers to get a refill, it's just bad.
Food was overpriced and mediocre at best! Burger, dry, flavorless, bun was hard as if had been sitting in the sun for a bit. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich which was dry, overcooked, another bad hard crusty bun. The fries, not impressive, won't even say what they tasted like or had the consistency of. Bad fries, come on, no excuse. 

Second visit-
Margaritas good yes considering that is the name of this establishment. Food again, bad, this time my meal was cold and I am not talking about my tossed salad either. I decided to order the salmon this time, ok did not have a good experience with the burger last time let's try seafood... I left just as hungry as when I had walked in the door also. Ugh, bland food and again bad service another threesome waitress, wtf? Is this policy? I give up, another large bill paid after being bent over and stuffed with a whole giant frozen pickle. 

Never again...I am beyond dissapointed...the feeling of leaving unsatisfied is simply cruel.

The atmosphere and drinks are cool...the food and service...not so much!
Good place but really loud. The food and drinks are good with large portions. If you want it more quiet go to the roof. Its much more quiet with a good view
The sun is hot
And that old clock is moving slow
And so am I
The work day passes like molasses in winter time,
But it's almost July
I'm gettin' paid by the hour, and older by the minute
My boss just pushed me over the limit
I'd like to call her something
I think I'll just call it a day

Pour me something tall and strong
Make it a hurricane
Before I go insane
It's only half past 12
But, I don't care
It's 5 o'clock somewhere!!!


I just wish this was right up the street from where I live!!  This is definitely a favorite spot of mine when I head to Vegas!  The drinks are great--no doubt!!  But, they also have a great selection food as well!!  The Nachos will feed an army of people!!!  So, don't even attempt to eat those things by yourself or you will be lethargic for days!!   We had some peel shrimp that was pretty awesome with some delicious Old Bay Seasoning.  Another one of our favorites is the chicken quesadilla with extra guacamole.  Yum!!  

Of course, the atmosphere is perfect for what it is!!!  There's a vibe of excitement and something different.  The decor is perfect for the setting.  Overall, it's a pretty fun place that offers a unique experience!  I'll definitely back--again and again.  ;0)

It's five o'clock somewhere....  ;0)


Yvette L. Brownstone from Ventura, CA
Volcano Nachos!!!! The best nachos anywhere hands down. They are HUGE! the chicken tortilla soup is really good as well. Great selection of alcoholic drinks, fun atmosphere, always a good time.
Great place with great food and ultra strong drinks IF you know what to order(perfect margarita).

The food is always excellent and plentiful, the margaritas are strong yet decently priced for the strip, and the entertainment is top notch now that they finally started to change the TVs to the patrons request! 5 stars, no doubt!

Highly recommended:

Appetizers-
Coconut Shrimp APP
Blue crab & Cheese APP(I like to substitute chips)
Volcano Nachos(if you're dining with a crowd)
Entrees-
Mahi Mahi
Jerk Salmon
Burgers
Cuban Sandwich
Jambalaya is pretty good as well
Our last several hours spent in Vegas were dedicated to visiting Margaritaville for both a good meal and drinks. We were also expecting to be able to get our hands on the tall, long margarita cups that we assumed were sold here, but we were disappointed to find out that we were at the wrong place for this. Nonetheless, it did not prevent us from having our final meal in Vegas.

Upon arrival, we noticed a handful of people waiting to be seated and hoped that it wouldn't be a long wait as our flight departed in a couple hours. Luckily, from the time we requested a table to actually being seated, it was no more than 15 minutes. Our server assisted us within 5 minutes of being seated and took our drink orders. There were a variety of drinks to choose from; I ordered the Big Rita on the rocks and also was interested in the Mango Frozen margarita. Both were excellent and brought to us 5 minutes after ordering them. We didn't order appetizers but it was really amazing seeing what the Volcano nachos looked like at the table next to ours. One word describes them: humongous! As for our food, we ordered burgers, quesadillas, and a chicken burger, all of which came with fries. The food was much better than expected and delicious. The burger was full of flavor and went perfectly with my drink. 

The staff was friendly, the portions were generous and the overall quality excellent.  The prices are reasonable with the drinks always being expensive as with the rest of Vegas.
1. nachos were AMAZING!!! and you definitely can share them
2. margaritas were AMAZING!!!! they had my god mama and my mama feeling gooooood
3. they have MIST which definitely helps in 100 degree weather
4. waitress was AMAZING....and cute lol

We go every year EVEN if its not a happy hour or whatever bc the prices arent bad but I DO RECOMMEND RESERVATIONS if possible bc that place is always packed
So my parents were in town last week. When I told them I was going to write these reviews, they asked to not use their names. Guess they've read some of my other writing.

So when I found out The Griswalds (as I lovingly refer to my parents... gold star if you know what series of movies this is from) were coming, I got all these options and places lined up, and when I asked what they were in the mood for, I got... Margaritaville.

"Your dad likes Jimmy Buffet." -- Mrs. Griswald.
"Your mom likes margaritas." -- Mr. Griswald.

Margaritaville is about as touristy as touristy gets. I should know, it's somewhere I went very soon after moving here. It's smack in the middle of the Strip, attached to Flamingo Hotel & Casino, so it's never not busy. It has about three different bars, and a retail store. How much Jimmy Buffet can one person handle? If I believed everything inside Margaritaville, it's five o'clock EVERYWHERE. At all times. Whether you like it or not.

It would all be worth it if the food was amazeballs. But really it was just good. Not wow, not great, not OMG. Just good. I had a BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich and it was okay. I would have expected more barbecue sauce on a "BBQ" sandwich. My folks split a BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger and they were satisfied with it.

But how were the margaritas? I mean it's called "Margaritaville," they must have bomb diggity fresh margaritas, right? 

They're okay. I've had better. Ricardo's has great margaritas. Hell, even TGI Friday's could compare to Margaritaville.

I can't say it was godawful. It wasn't. But it was nothing special, aside from the facts that the Griswalds like it, and that's a-okay with me. I'm a local, so I probably won't be going back soon. But if you have tourists in town who insist on staying on the Strip, it's not a death sentence.
So disappointing. I love the other Margaritaville I've visited and always had a blast there. 

Maybe, it's Vegas that ruined the Margaritaville experience for me! The wait is bs! We stopped by on Thursday around 2pm and there were open tables but there was an hour wait. Huh? I could clearly see that there were open tables....HMMMM....Maybe this location is trying to hype itself up by making their guests wait and make it appear that they have a wait list. 

We definitely passed and won't ever come back to this location.
The Mr's Uncle comes to town 3-4 times a year and stays next door, every time he comes to town we meet here for dinner to catch up on what's going on.  Mrs gets the cobb salad or the pulled pork sandwich every time, nether will disappoint but the salad always sends us home with left overs.  The Mr enjoys their fish entrees and on occasion the nachos.  HOLY COW the Nacho's are ridiculously massive, there is no way any one person probably not two full grown starving men can finish these in one sitting!
Fun place to eat when your here on vacation or are in tourist mode.
As basic burgers go, this place is the best. I ordered nothing but a BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger, and it was the BEST BURGER I'VE HAD IN MY LIFE. The burger is cooked to order and extra juicy. The fries are grilled perfectly, and for a place as poppin' as Margaritaville, service was fast. 

Great location if you started your night out early and need a place to grub and hydrate before taking on the rest of your evening. Don't even get me started on the live band playing classic rock and Jimmy Buffet covers for most of the night. They were a great addition to the island feel.
place is always happening and the food is great.  it can get real crowded and the wait can be long to get a seat. so i f there is room in the bar then go ahead if not. wait. its worth it
This place is A-OK, I sat outside and there is a good view of the strip.  The drinks were strong and staff was friendly.  It was OK
This is a nice place to get away from the typical clubs on the strip. I can only take so much of the club scene before I want to go to a regular bar. I went over the 4th of July weekend and there was no line or cover charge to get in. The house band was playing, mostly hits from the '80s, but it was good.
A great spot for brunch with a hangover. Really dark, soothing music, and decent grub. I tried the "Cheeseburger in Paradise" (not quite paradise, but decent). Amy wen't for the Chicken California sandwich and did much better. I enjoyed a bowl of Corn & Crab Chowder but not the $50 lunch tab. When we were waiting for our food to come out I noticed everyone was ordering massive plates of Nachos, I will do the same if I eat here again.
Loved it! Ordered my virgin daiquiri in a mini-blender (I'm pregnant) and was a happy girl! Bartender was very friendly and made sure that no one took my seat since I was pregnant and couldn't stand long. Will definitley go back!
I hit this restaurant up for lunch one afternoon before heading down to the Flamingo pool.  

They have a series of amazing decks that overlook the Strip.  I thought it would be a great idea to sit out on one of those decks forgetting that Vegas is hot in June.  Don't be tempted by the bright lights of Vegas if you are eating here for lunch.  You might suffer third degree burns.  

On the more positive side, the food was great.  My wife and I were looking for slightly more healthy options after having enjoyed a buffet the night before.  We ordered a chicken sandwich and grilled chicken salad.  Both were great, especially the salad.  We even dipped our sandwich in the salad dressing.  Food prices are average for Vegas (which means higher than the rest of the world).

Our server was fantastic.  Just a genuinely nice guy who spent time chatting with us about our trip.  

I might just become a Parrot Head yet...
A great dining experience all the way around.  Now I did go for lunch on a Saturday vs. try to brave a late-night crowd when there was a performance; all the previous reviews that expressed concerns about food and service were sooo unfounded.  I love the hull-like table I was seated at in the true beach theme...really neat.

Had the beer-steamed shrimp, caesars salad, and cheeseburger in paradise.  All just totally hit the spot (the shrimp because it was unique for Vegas, i.e. not on buffet and steamed with beer and old bay spice...the salad because it was gigantic for a small salad and you tend to forgot the "good" food when in Vegas...and the burger, because well, that "is" Buffett's and it was one of the best burgers I've had in a long time).

Beyond that the vibe was very upbeat, Buffett-like for sure.  My server was repeatedly refilling my soft drink and water, was very cordial (I was dining alone and using a Groupon), and the food came out quite prompt.  In general, the vibe of the other employees was great -- ie when folks are smiling, their non-verbal body language reflects that they're having fun...well that means a very positive dining experience for us customers.
This is a must eat place for us everytime we visit LV just cuz of the drinks.. And it close to our hotel... Get the jambalaya!!!
Pretty expensive for mediocre food and mediocre service.

The decor is amazing though. And a lot of the other customers made our experience fun. (People watching)

We split a burger and a pasta dish. Both were good, but not amazing.

And our margaritas? Not at all what you'd expect from a place whose name suggests they specialize in them. 
They were majorly weak. Not cool.

I don't think I will be coming back.
The service here was the worst I have ever experienced...There were 5 of us and we all had a tremendously poor experience.  One group member needed to refill their drink on their own at the bar (after waiting for the waitress for 10 minutes), when we asked, the waitress wouldn't allow us to order food after an initial 14 minute wait (and then after coming back at a 25 minute wait asked us if we had enough time to choose).  When one member of our group told her that we were on a tight schedule, she instructed us to not order anything complicated or well-done.  We will not be back.

Oh yeah, and the restaurant was 1/2 empty.
(Disclaimer: I was dragged here by a friend and I think Jimmy Buffet SUCKS.)

The atmosphere was decent. The server was a pretty cool guy -- talkative and fun. The food was a bit mediocre -- the volcano nachos really hit the spot with that huge margarita tower thing they got, but afterward I felt pretty bad, like I was gonna hurl, though I managed to recover. Unfortunately one of my friends had to go back to her hotel right afterward and go on a date with bathroom =\

We had a booth with some lame TV playing some sort of lame stuff. I would've liked it better without the TV.

For what we got (nachos and a tower of margarita), it was kind of expensive.
After getting married at The Flamingo my wife and I had our reception dinner here and that is what this review is going to focus on. Our experience here was great and we couldn't have been happier. I thought it might be difficult setting up a dinner party from across the country but it was simple.

We had set up our reception months in advance and had about two dozen guests. We were given a special menu with 5 choices including cheeseburgers, chicken, and shrimp. A small professional wedding cake for dessert was also provided. We also were given one type of appetizers for everyone and two hours of Margaritas and Beer. So that was our menu. On to the review.

When we first arrived we were taken to our tables that were reading and waiting for us. They had made up some personalized menus and set them at each place setting which was a cool little touch. Within seconds a tray of Margaritas and a bucket of Landshark beer arrived at each table. I wasn't sure what to expect when it came to the margaritas before hand. I kinda thought they would be small and weak since we were on a drink plan but they were neither of those things. In fact they were pretty awesome. I don't usually drink margaritas but I drank plenty of those and I have photographic evidence that they were quite strong!

The appetizers we had was Lava Lava Shrimp and oh man were they good. Everyone, even a couple people who usually don't eat shrimp, loved them. I still bring them up to my wife as a reason to go back to Vegas!

The entrees were very good too and we were given enough options that everyone found something they wanted. I heard no complaints from anyone and It was definitely better than an average buffet wedding or the simple choice of chicken or fish.

They provide a simple cake with the package but also offer several options as upgrades that you can choose get. Not really caring about fancy looking cakes we went with the basic option and it was quite good and looked very nice as well. I know some people are really into wedding cakes so it was nice to have options in that regard.

The service was better than good. Nobody ever was without a drink. In fact they brought them too fast if that's even possible! My next drink was always in front of me before being finished with my current one.  At the end they were still bring them out as fast as ever and since of course its Vegas, people were taking bottles of Landshark out to the street when they were leaving.

The price was less than several other options we had looked at in Vegas and the setting was very fun and party-like which was why we chose it. Everyone had a great time. If you are looking for a place to hold a reception or some kind of group party I would recommend this place to anyone. Its such a fun place.
It pains me to write this review as I really wanted to like this place. I'm a Jimmy Buffett fan from when I was in college. I had to stop in here to check it out. So when we were hungry one night, we went in here. I now wish we hadn't. 

We were seated at a table, it was kind of dark, but that's okay. There was a band playing... loudly and it wasn't the type of music I figured would be in Margaritaville. I came here hoping for something Jimmy. I understand that they can't play all Jimmy all the time, but I was hoping as it was a weeknight to hear some, even if it was a cover band. 

Of course being the fan boy that I am, I had to get the Cheeseburger in Paradise. My wife got the filet. (I love a woman that eats steak!). Neither one of us was impressed with our meal. I thought the burger was kind of plain, even with the Heinz 57 on it (I admitted I was a fan boy!).  The burger was kind of dry and not very appetizing. It could have used... something.  My wife said her filet was the same, just kind of eh, okay. Definitely not worth the price we paid for it. 

The part that really killed this place for me was the service. We had the worst server of our vacation here. He was slow, didn't check up on us. Our drinks would go empty and we couldn't get refills. Even when we were finished we had to flag him down to come over to get a check, and then we had to wait to get that even longer. 

Jimmy, I'm still a fan... but I'm not going back to this Margaritaville again.
great nachos!  went well with our pitcher of margarita.  loved the 80s cover band performance.  we were entertained =)
Ohhhh Margaritaville, how I adore your carefree camaraderie. If only life were as simple as it is on one of your barstools! This has always been one of my favorite places to wile away an afternoon in Vegas, sipping on Bama Breezes and chatting with fellow imbibers.

Given my lifelong obsession with Jimmy Buffet, Margaritaville is my home away from home. The drinks are DELICIOUS (although I wish they had larger sizes for some of the yummy specialty frozen drinks -- and a little more liquor in them), and the food is good (not fabulous, but good).
 
I made several stops here on this particular trip - for drinkies and food, and it didn't disappointed. You also get little shows here, so there's a lot of entertainment value.

I love you Margaritaville - lord knows I'm helping to line Mr. Buffett's pockets with my frequent patronage. :)
Had this review saved up for awhile...lol

The first restaurant I ate at for my first time at Vegas (woo EDC! EDC!)

It was SUPER busy, but no one wanted to sit outside because it was hella hot and we said we didn't mind so we got sat right away. The food was pretty decent and for as busy as it was, it came out in a decent amount of time. I forgot I we drank but it was frozen. And on a hot day, nothing beats frozen drinks and booze.
I think this is one of those tourist places to see while in Vegas center-strip.  Live music in the back, a small patio out front where people stand and watch the crowds go-by.  This place is probably enjoyed better in groups (at least I had a better time because there were 4 of us).  If you have a group of at least 4 (or 2 and you want to get buzzed quickly) then you can opt for the famous giant yard glass bong-style Margarita to be shared.  It is $50 and serves ~8 glasses of margaritas.  The margarita was good - not bad not great.  We also ordered the nachos with half chicken/half beef.  I think it was ~$16.  It is huge.  If I had to do it over again I would not order them again.  I just wasn't wowed by them.
My friends and I stopped in here at about 11 pm/12 am after our drive in from so cal. We wanted some drinks, but we were too tried to go dancing. We were staying at the Flamingo, so Margaritaville sounded like the best plan. Turns out we picked right! Well, minus the loud and not very good cover band - equipped with people dancing awkwardly. Because we came in so late, we didn't have the experience of the long lines and just sat ourselves down immediately. 

Our server ran over and explained the kitchen was closing soon and let us throw in an order of volcano nachos quickly. The two lightweights of the group opted for frozen margaritas, the other two of us who can handle our liquor went for margaritas on the rocks. They were a little pricey at $8, but nothing outrageous (especially for a big-time tourist spot like this place). The volcano nachos are enormous and delicious. Good place to knock back a drink and eating some seriously huge and greasy bar food. I like this place and would go back next time I'm in Sin City.
Margarita was not weak!  Hey you are at Margaritaville!!!  Yay me!

My husband & I started by sharing the crab & mushroom dip with bread.  It was cheesy & good on the bread!  Yum!

Then we decided to share the Volcano nachos!  We are both eaters but could not finish it!  Glad we shared!

Is it 5 star food?  No but it was enjoyable, filling and in a lively environment!  We were on vacation!!!

Entertainment was guys (ship captain, pirate) on stilts and a girl in the lime green tank.
If you are looking to get really drunk then this is a good place. Their drinks are so strong they can hit you like a ton of bricks if you are not careful.

They can make you a margarita however you like, but if you want the good stuff i would recommend the Perfect Margarita. It is as strong as strong can be! Want kick it down a notch? Try the Pink Cadillac. That is a little tastier. If you are not a margarita person they got a good Bahama Mama and Tropical Hurricane. Those are my personal favorites everywhere I go. Prices here are a little high but alcohol content makes up for it.

Food here isn't all that great. I would only suggest getting the nachos. You get a mountain of food that can feed up to 4 people. Add that with your drinks and you are done for the day stomach wise and wallet wise.
Come for the drinks but don't stay for the food. Overpriced and just okay. But the drinks are delicious and makes this place my first stop in Vegas every time.
We always stop here when in Vegas and this time we just grabbed some seats at the bar instead of waiting for a table.  Our bartender was super friendly and basically made me double rum drinks when I asked him to for the regular price.  Always fun to hang with other Parrotheads at Margaritaville!
The nachos were delish!  The prices were CRAZY!  A couple of appetizers and an entre plus three drinks split between 4 people = over $100.  I just can't used to Vegas prices.  :( Loud party atmosphere though.
best fish tacos ever
First time ever going to Vegas, my friends decided to drag me around on the first night where we to places where we could get into easily as it was already 1am. One of guys suggested margaritaville. I mean part of the reason why we went was because one of the guys in our group loves to dance with cougars to make them feel better about themselves. Personally i didn't think that there were that many there, but the margaritas were both good and strong. Not only that i got a guy to buy me a drink.  Go me!

Then again if the place is called Margaritaville, i do expect good margaritas. 

Weird music, not really danceable but we had a good time regardless.
If your looking for a cool ambiance, a break from the tables/machines, don't have much patience for long lines at clubs/bars, just want to grab a bite and a drink, listen to live music or maybe even bust some moves on the dance floor.. then you may want to keep this place in mind. This place lies in the middle of the mega hotel/casinos on Las Vegas Blvd, its multi-leveled, upper floor open dining area (great view of the casinos, people and action along the strip), features live bands, alcohol and decent food! 

Volcano Nachos: includes chili cheese, guac, sour cream, ooey gooey cheeses, jalapenos, tomatoes and scallions.. Optional grilled chicken and fajita steak. opt for the griled chicken and fajita steak (we half chicken and steak). Its a massive amount of one of the ultimate starter nachos I've had! Great to munch on while sippin' on a drink and it should satisfy at least 4 people!

Jimmy's Jammin' Jamabalaya: Cajun rice, shrimp, chicken, and andouille sausage "simmered in a spicy broth".. Does that sound good or what! I've only had a few versions of Jambalaya and never been disappointed. Their version more than satisfied! The rice absorbed the broth and married its flavors into all the meats making every bite, flavored packed! Not only super tasty, portion could be split with another person. 

Servers/Bartenders were always giddy and helpful. Value of dining was good and most of all the location is hard to top!
Being a local, We do not venture to the strip much.  Yesterday We were in the area and stopped by Margaritaville.  I am very happy I did.  First off it is a cool place that is dressed up like a beachy ocean dock area, with Jimmy Buttett music playing. Better than the atmosphere was our waitress, Randie, I have not had service this good in quite a while.  Since this was my first visit I asked for a few hints on what was good.  She started us with nachos, really good nachos, I mean really good. After this I was pretty much full.  However, she said I needed the Hamburger in paradies.  She was right.  My friend got wings and we spilt.  Wings were cooked perfect nice and crispy. And by the way my iced tea never was empty, that means a lot.  So in the end Margaritaville was really good and service was awsome. Thanks Randie and Margaritaville for a good lunch. 4 stars for food 5 stars for service.
So I've been living in Vegas for 8 months now and hadn't checked this place out so I figured it was a must. I dropped in on a Wednesday night.. Margaritas were good.. not too crazy expensive.. I was expecting more. We got the volcano nachos.. they were def good buuut way too much for two people. There wasn't really much going on inside. We had to wait like 20 minutes. There was a band that looked like they were getting ready but we left before they started. Overall, ok experience but won't be going again.
Food was good and the service was friendly. I would visit again!
Favorite place to eat on the strip. Its exiting and fun with free entertainment. There are videos on a huge screen of Jimmy Buffet concerts , balloon animal makers on stilts, the margarittaville girl sliding down and dancing around when they play Volcano, and the crowd getting into the act when they play Margaritaville. Despite this place being at the Flamingo - I give it 5 stars. I can't understand people giving this place a poor rating because of the food. If you want fancy grub, fine go somewhere else. Hello, its called Margarittaville, what did you think? Vegas has a ton of places for you to be bored at, so go pretend you're on a food show somewhere else. With that said, I think the food here is  good & def good enuf for me and have always had good to great service  Of course ill be back, in fact im probably at the table next to you with a giant balloon contraption on my head.
Average food, BUT enormous, seemingly unending margarita towers and the prices are low. Come drunk, leave drunker, stuff your face, and party.
A very interesting place on the strip, located next to Flamingo and right across the street from O'sheas. You can either go to the bar, which overlooks Caesar's Palace or the restaurants which is uniquely decorated. Very colorful and scenic surrounding. Kind of a tight squeeze to get around, but its manageable. 

The wife and I came here for dinner, after watching a show at O'sheas. Of course the usual wait for dinner, since it was a bit crowded at the time. But it seems to be reasonable time to wait. It is on the crowded part of the strip, so you got people coming and going. But impressed on how things are handled. 

The wife and I, mainly had one thing in mind. Is to attempt the Volcano Nachos that was a well known dish for Margaritaville. We wanted to see for ourselves on how massive these nachos are. From the looks of it, we should of invited 3-4 more people to help us finish the nachos. In my opinion, it was really good. Wish I could of finished it, I hate wasting food. The nachos over exceeded our expectations, so I have to give credit where credit is due. Even though the Volcano Nachos was a lot of food, we needed more flavor and we just ordered more. I ordered the shrimp, which was good and had that coconut twist, which made it delicious. I was able to eat all of it, and was able to swipe at the nachos still. But there comes a time where I had to throw in the towel and admit I was full. 

Overall, I like the place cause it was fulfilling. I did enjoy the kindness of the staff. Depend on when you go, depends on the wait. Since we did go during dinner time, I usually give the waiters 10 minutes to come around and it seems like they been on top of things that night. The Nachos were good, but I would suggest to order it, if you have a group of people, other than you and one other person.
I'm a big Jimmy Buffett fan so I was so excited to go to Margaritaville none where I live....It was awesome omg had such a great time loved the decor of course the Jimmy Buffett music..my food was soooo good got the coconut shrimp and mashed potatoes the had bacon i them soooo good and Margaritas were very good. Hubby also enjoyed the decor and music and the little show they put on good service but disliked his food he ordered jerk chicken and the string beans were cold. 

Had a coupon to get to the front of the line so not wait :: and a coupon for a free souvenir in gift shop. Bought lots of stuff in store :0
Best steak, shrimp, and mash
Potatoes. They also have a little performance.
If you are looking to pay no cover, dress casual, and get really drunk on The Strip, then this is the place for you.

On our first night in Vegas we didn't have big plans, especially since some of our group was coming from work, so we decided to have a chill, yet drunken, night out. Margaritaville was the perfect spot for this and catered to everyone in our group. 

Margaritaville is a huge, spacious, restaurant and bar. There is a huge dance floor and a stage for the band - who were playing some typical bar music - lots of Journey and 80's music. We found a table and ordered a round of kamikazi's and a couple daquiris, which altogether cost about $80 - still pretty expensive even though it's a casual bar, but hey it's Vegas. 

This is a fun place to start the night out but by no means is it the destination. I love bars just as much as the next person, but there wasn't anything about this place that wow'd me enough to come back. Did the job, though!
Good Jamaican Jerk wings, big onion rings, and Cuban Sandwich was pretty good. Price wasn't too bad, our server Stacy was nice. Went on a Saturday afternoon so it was busy, waited 30 mins for a table, but we sat upstairs facing the strip view so that was cool.
We had lunch here one day and drinks here two nights (because we stayed at the Flamingo and wanted someplace easy to stumble home from).

The frozen drinks are out of this world. I venture to guess I gained about 5 pounds alone just drinking the Wildberry Coladas. They were perfect. Decent selection of beer and they also serve 48oz Margaritas in a cup that looks like a blender. I hear they're $40, so I passed. 

They have a nice little area to stand just outside of the bar and watch people pass by on the Strip below. I enjoyed doing that with a Wildberry Colada or two. Or three. I can't remember.

The food is good bar food. It didn't knock my socks off, but it was good. I had the fish tacos which come served with rice pilaf, cheese, guacamole, salsa and shredded lettuce. I think they fit well with the theme of the place. My husband had a chicken sandwich which he had with onion rings which were the size of frisbees. Almost. 

We'll definitely go back for the drinks. With so many amazing choices of food on the Strip, we may not go back for a meal, but we'll definitely go back for some booze in the blender.
Have eaten there twice now. Lunch took over an hour to be served food. Breakfast this weekend was fast, but the omelets were dry, as if they were precooked, microwaved or reheated. Clean patio upstairs, just poor food.
When I turned 21, my friends sadly left LA very late and didn't make it out to vgeas by midnight. Fortunately (or not, depends how you look at it) I had been in town for a few days prior with my family. They thought it would be a good idea to take me here at midnight to check it out. An hour later, both my parents had passed out and my brother and I were chatting over a bucket of beers. Older crowd, but decent drinks
Good Food. Ok service.  First let me say we sat in the bar, because of my sister.  Not what I would have done.  Since i don't drink.  So since its a bar its very loud...  full of people drinking and running around..  Ok I know it supposed to be that way.  Las Vegas is for party people and drunks so if your in that group go now...  Otherwise go some where in Boulder City or not Vegas.
OK so it has been a while since I have been in a bar but the two I visited on my trip were terrible.  This was bad service coupled with astronomically high prices.  I waited forever for service and ordered a margarita. Its an ICEE with booze in it and for that I was charged $35.  Oh sure I got to keep the plastic blender like keepsake but really $35.00!

I was here a couple years ago and remember a whole different experience with the food beverage and service.  This was extremely disappointing and way over priced even for a parrot head.
Love this place! I used to go so many times! The food and service here is very good! Their drinks are good too, obviously. When I went there, I had a very tasty salad. The dressing was made by the head chef. Some oil from the salad stained my blouse, but I didn't care. The nachos were piled high and couldn't taste any better. I love picking from the middle where the chis a re somewhat soggy from the cheese. There were many people in my group, and we didn't finish the nachos! I've also had the tortilla soup which tasted good too.

After some good eats, my friends and I hit the dance floor. There is a live band that plays, then after a certain time they play music ranging from oldies to whatever is current. Our waitress had everything in order and we were seated and served very fast. If you're visiting Las Vegas, this is a nice place to visit. It's in a nice location on the strip, so there is no traveling out of the way.
Loud, fun place.  The food is good, especially the catch of the day fish sandwich. Speciality drinks are expensive, but good and cold.  Fun to sit at the bar and listen to the music.  if you are lucky to be seated upstairs, you will have great views of the strip.  Recommend for a quick drink and lunch.
The food is bad!!!! Drinks were good, so was the service, but I have never had a worse mushroom cheeseburger in my life. My boyfriend got a chicken sandwhich and couldn't finish it. How do u mess up basics like that?? Gross :(
Margaritas, music, average food, fun times, the Flamingo Hotel, I must be on vacation. This is my favorite tourist trap to eat at when we are in Vegas. I love to have Margaritas before noon, truly the breakfast of champions. 

I have to start with staff and the great service they provide, keep up the great job crew. They seem to be happy working here and it shows. My kids love the people on stilts making balloons for everyone young and old. Funny hats, animals, swords, and "special" balloons for bachelorette parties. Cover the kids eyes.

My wife and I think the food is okay. We usually order some cheese burgers or chicken fingers for the kids, my wife likes the coconut shrimp, and I will try some fish tacos. What we really enjoy are the nachos, they are the bomb!  Be warned, the nachos are a meal of their own. 

What gives this joint the 4 stars is the vacation atmosphere and the Margaritas. Must tries are the Perfect Margarita, the Pink Cadillac, the Pomegranate, and the Who's to Blame Margarita. I guarantee, after you try all of them you will be in paradise.
No conch fritters - no crab sandwich (they took them off the menu) and no Buffet music - Jimmy what the hell? Extremely disappointed on this trip, sure we'll be back, but come on Jimmy!
I had dinner here when I was staying at the Flamingo... they're conveniently attached to each other. 

It's a chain, in Vegas, attached to a hotel/casino so you can expect the prices to be slightly higher.  But it wasn't too too bad.

The nacho grande platter was great! We got 2 for the table and they were definitely the highlight of the food for us.  I got a burger that was good, not thrilling, but good.  The fries had nice seasoning.  And the bartender definitely knew how to pour a good, strong drink.  

The atmosphere is very cool.  They had a few big screens playing random Buffett concerts and one of them was over a stage, so I assume on some nights they do some sort of live show.

Overall I had a very decent experience.  Nothing spectacular, but there were no glaring negatives either.
There are some restaurants in Vegas that flash tourist trap, tourist trap, and yes we fell into this one.  WIth a coupon for $5 off from our hotel, we had our first meal in Vegas at the famous Margarittaville.  It's not the same as going to the one in Jamaica where you are in a hot locale and it seems like the right place to hear Margarittaville but the menu seemed the same. You walk in and you are likely to see large screens with either music videos, or recordings of Jimmy singing in different venues.  It's a bit loud but that is to be expected.  You'll probably see one of 3 people on stilts walking around.  I'm not really sure their purpose besides being available for picture taking and the occasional dance to a song.

I decided on the fish tacos; two tacos with lettuce, grilled fish, and sour cream, served with chips and salsa for $15.99.  The fish could have used a little more flavour but overall they were pretty tasty.  My husband ordered steak and I asked him to add the coconut shrimp for an extra $6 so I can try it.  Three shrimp with a tangy sauce accompanied his meal and they were good but I was glad it wasn't my meal as it would have been too much shrimp and sauce.

I don't think this place needs to be visited more than once during a stay in Vegas and once every few years is probably enough considering all the great places to eat.  But this time, I wasn't disappointed and our server was friendly and provided great service.
stopped in here late night to get a drink with a friend while our friends were gambling in the flamingo.  the bartender was really nice and answered our questions about their drinks really well.  I would say stay away from their 60 ounce margarita as it is like $60 or something crazy like that.  we just got regular size ones, but the bartender made like 2/3 of the cup tequila which was awesome, and that drink did the job for getting us really hammered ontop of everything else we had to drink before that
This place is a bit of freak show. Picture your neighbours down the street - the ones who park their car on their lawn next to the old bathtub and parade around in black socks and sandals with Hawaiian shirts open to the bellybutton. Now imagine what kind of restaurant they would probably own... whatever you imagined is probably something like Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville Caf.

The place is loud, music videos always playing on the big screen, most of which are live performances by Jimmy Buffett in his Bermuda shorts and flip-flops, and it can be difficult to have a conversation. We had to holler our order at the server. At one point in the evening, we were all interrupted to watch a blonde chick in a pink bikini ride down a water slide into a giant cocktail glass which was followed by a short dance routine by people in costumes on stilts telling us to put our hands in the air. Seriously. When I'm at a restaurant, I don't want to put my hands in the air, I want to eat and be left alone.

Which reminds me, they serve food too. I had the sirloin steak which was disappointing. It was really thin and kind of tasteless. It was about as thick as a slice of toast. Not worth the $22. It was like something that would come in a TV dinner. I'm probably spoiled living in western Canada with all of our great Alberta beef. Yum. Shortly after the meal, my stomach felt upset. Could be a coincidence.

We just wanted to get out of there after our meal. I felt like we were intruding on some secret society or cult and I just wanted to give them back their privacy. I'm giving Margaritaville two stars for the food and four stars for the decor. They really are unique, I'll give them that. Not my kind of place.
Some friends invited me and the hubs to Margaritaville on our first night on his most recent trip to Vegas. I'd never been, so I thought we would check it out since it is a Vegas institution.

What a rip off! We ordered one of those really huge margarita pitchers for everyone in our group to drink. I had about 4 or 5 glasses from it and instead of being drunk or even just BUZZED, all I had was a sore throat from the sweet and sour mix. 

I will say the volcano nachos were good, I shared with a friend of mine. My husband ordered the Buffalo wings but wasn't impressed. I was pretty disappointed that a place known for their margaritas served such bad ones, however. My husband and I  headed straight to Fat Tuesday to rectify the drink situation and were pretty happy after that.

Probably won't be back if I can help it!
Let's just get this out of the way right now, the nachos rock & that's pretty much the main reason I continue to go back. I like to get an order of them once per Vegas trip.

I came here with a group of almost 15 people. I CALLED the day before to see if I could make some kind of reservation & was told that I needed to talk to group sales, but they weren't going to be back until the next day, so I could leave a message. I left my message basically just saying we were expecting a group of 15-25 people at 6pm the next night, could we reserve a table, or if there wasn't  a table large enough, at least a section of tables near eachother? I got a call back the next day (day that we were planning on GOING) at about 10AM saying, "No, you can reserve anything, just walk in whenever you get here" Okay, but I can't even hold a section of tables for such a large group? Apparently not.

We get there before 6 and explain the situation. They tell me the best they can do is a table for 10 in 30 mins, or some tables of 5 that aren't near each other. Neither worked. We decided to try the back bar which was totally EMPTY and had about 20 stools, so we took it over. 

We started ordering the giant margaritas with the spouts, volcano nachos, etc. People started showing up late and ordering various other things. A couple hours later the main guy that had been supplying us told me that he was getting off, so could we cash out now...even though we weren't done. I told him I guessed we could, but was rather irritated at this. They also added on gratutity, which was weird since he wa just a bartender, but whatever, it's fine. He didn't bother to ever ask or bring up the bill situation. It was clear there were a ton of people, but he just kept adding things onto MY bill, so at the end I had a $400 bill to try and break up between 20 different people. Great. I guess we must have eventually figured it out because they didn't chase us down the strip screaming STEALERS!!

End points: not great customer service for large groups, the huge margaritas were really bad this time....not enough tequila and the mix was SO strong it burned my throat, nachos are delicious (and always will be), I still will always go here b/c it's such a fun/cool place and the nachos are amazing, but would not attempt to gather a large group here again.
The end.
Ok, this place totally hit the spot. My friend had seen someone carrying around one of their blender cups and decided that she would just die if she did not leave Vegas with one of her own. So we stopped in around 1:30-2ish for lunch and drinks. We sat at the bar, waited slightly longer than desired for food, but it wasn't too bad. When it came out, it was everything we could have asked for and more. Maybe too much more? My friend soon realized the issues that may come with dragging around a drink. Oh well, it was fun and yummy just the same.
I have been here a couple of times. I will say off the bat. The margaritas are really Good. Lots of different flavors to choose from. And all at a decent price. Food is pretty good. And the location can't be missed. Right on the strip.

Their nachos are super huge. And can probably feed a group of three or four. On weekends they usually have live bands playing. Which is cool if your into the type of music their playing. It's best to go early. The wait for a table can be pretty long. All in all not bad. And worth a visit. It can get expensive so pay attention to what you order.
Seating at late evening was poorly done as no hastiest was there to seat you.  We were told sit where you want;  after 10 min, the waiter for that area said he was getting off and we needed to move.  Pricy for what you get, will look elsewhere next time I'm in town.
Very fun when there is a live band and dancing. Must try the cheeseburger in paradise!
So first off I was the only person under 30 that wasn't there with my parents. It's an older crowd. I had a bacon cheese burger fries and a big ass margarita. Saw that you can get them in a blender cup amd asked since it's not on the regular menu. The waitress was super nice and brought me the blender cup menu. She even suggested I get it on the rocks b/c it would be stronger. The frozen drinks come pre-made. She was rt, I got fucked up! I suggest the big chill which is blue. Everything was awesome and I highly suggest this place.
We came here as my birthday lunch while we were in Vegas celebrating my birthday, our drink was pretty watered down but that may have been because we let it sit. The food seemed to take a long while to get to us, but it was delicious. Our server was friendly, but again our service was very slow.

I'd eat here again though, maybe it was just a busy busy time. Plus its a pretty popular location in Vegas. Maybe service is always slow. Who know, but the food was good.
This place rocks. It's a tons better than the Margaritavilles in Chicago and Nashville, It is comparable to the one I've been to at Niagara Falls in Canada though. 

This place is huge, it has a Casino [of course] and a cute little bar off to the side on the sidewalks side for the passerby's on the strip to stop in and have a drink. They offer these amazing blends called "Booze in a Blender" all of them are sooooo good AND they get the job done without you even knowing! :] 

The food is the same as all the others so I deducted a star for the lack of  a "WoW" moment but otherwise the staff is really friendly and courteous. The atmosphere is great as well, and although Vegas is surrounded by a dessert the shipwrecked theme somehow fits a lot better in here. 

What you should definitely try to do though is go upstairs! You see a big chunk of the strip as you sip on your beverage of choice, so beautiful!!
I stayed at the Flamingo, and figured that coming here would be a awesome place to get some grub. It may be a little touristy, but who cares.. you aren't from there! I got to Tropical Margarita GUAVA flavor and it was really good. Just a good balance of alcohol, tequila, and guava ! Blended of course! I was feeling a little ill so I ordered the tortilla soup which was pretty okay. My friends ordered the seafood mac and cheese and it had "perfectly melted cheese both white and yellow cheese with the crisp" It was so good they talked about it all weekend. 
It was also fun to see someone come out of a volcano and slide into a giant pitcher! 
Since it was touristy, prices were not cheap. $10 margaritas, and 20+ for mac and cheese! go figure :)
THE BEST PINA COLADA I'VE EVER HAD.


I had two. Oh man. And they were doubles. So friggin tastey!!! 

The entertainment is really odd here (balloon animals and stilt walkers and random girls sliding down a volcano into water? ) but none of that matters because they mastered the pina colada.

The texture was so perfect... almost tasted grainy as if it was made with that naked protein mango juice! Loved it!!
Our waiter was great giving us suggestions on the best things to order- which were the burgers and the house margarita.  My husband tried the burger and it was very good.  The Margaritas were also very good.  I ordered the taco salad and it was OK but nothing special. Next time I will have a burger.
.
Everyone knows the name and this place is kind of cool with an hourly slide down the mountain into a margarita pitcher. The food comes in huge portions so don;t order too much or you will be taking some home. The drinks are very good but a little overpriced. The strip now has all kinds of places offering yards of mixed drinks at a good price, why pay the same price for only a cup here. It is worth the novelty once but I would look elsewhere.
If you are age 35+ and older, enjoy rock music, or enjoy mediocre margaritas, this place is for you! 

The blended frozen Pina Colada Margarita that comes in a collectible blender was really good. The food was boring. I prefer Fat Tuesday's for dranks!
Great place to grab a drink on the strip.  We went there on Friday night and it was Packed.  The crowd is 30+ and older.  The bartender was very friendly and the drinks are great.
Yeah, I'm a Buffett fan. Of course I had the cheeseburger in paradise. "I like mine with lettuce and tomato, Heinz 57 and french fried potatoes, big kosher pickle and a cold draft beer!!!".  
Yeah it's generally an over 30 crowd, but that didn't stop the 20 something's from bellowing out Changes in Latitudes through the restaurant, bar and on into the Flamingo. 
The service was good, she got a little annoyed with my wife because she was having trouble deciding what to get. 
The place was clean, dining area and bathroom. 
The atmosphere was awesome. I was ready to quit my job and move to a tropical island as any Jimmy experience should make you feel. 
Live life like a song!!!
I cannot give it any better.  This place is not worth your time.  Food is nothing special, I can make a better Italian dish.  The server screwed up on my order.  No really great beers either.
They had entertainment there, with dudes walking around on stilts and a damsel in distress that does gymnastics on this scenic volcano.  It was entertaining, but this is Vegas.  
I order one Pomegranate margarita and it was terrible.  Way too sweet, I could taste the syrup and not the alcohol.  It wasn't strong at all.  Trust me, I would know.
The pasta dish I order with chicken and they brought it out with shrimp.  I like shrimp too, so I just decided to eat it anyway, since the server was lame and non-attentive.  I can make a better pasta dish myself, so Margaritaville YOU FAIL.
This is always a fun place to come when your in Vegas.   We enjoyed the service, the show,   the music, the margaritas.   Some of the performance staff stopped by and talked with us and our server was a lot of fun.   Food is not bad.
Great view of the strip from the rooftop bar and dining.  MUST GET the nachos!!!
Great atmosphere and service, however, the food left a ton to be desired. Please do not serve fish tacos with previously frozen tilapia...you may claim it is fresh, but farm raised fish seldom comes fresh and the texture showed it! Most people in Vegas are typically from somewhere in California and know what a true fish taco should be. For $16, you really ought to to put something better on the menu. If I need a spot to get a drink, this is it. If I need a spot for dinner, I am definitely going somewhere else...UPDATE - I am actually going to amend my review to a higher star due to the fact that the owner reached out to me as a result of my review and displayed a true concern over the experience. I will definitely try them again. The biggest reason? They clearly care about the level of their food and quality of the experience.
Enjoyed some massive $55 margaritas with a tap on the bottom.  It took 6 of us about 30 minutes to drink the damn thing!  I guess we were at the restaurant bar, not to be confused with the 5O'clock Somewhere Bar about 25 yards south on the strip and closer to the actual casino.  Nice balcony overlooking the strip.  Try the Bahama Mama and you'll find yourself wondering why you can't see straight after about two.
Had the fish tacos. They were good but you only get two and a plate full of chips.
I came here twice while I was in Vegas for an event.  Since it was right across the street from the hotel I was staying at, it was convenient.  Drinks were good, but could have been stronger.  I love fruity drinks but I didn't even leave with a buzz and usually I do after one drink.  The food took forever.  I mean like 40 minutes.  Some people from our table went to another bar to drink and when they came back, our food was still not there yet.  Our waiter never came back to check on us after he took our order.  We couldn't even get his attention.  He forgot a couple drink orders completely and messed up on one of our food orders.  It took an additional 10 more minutes to get that fixed.  

After our meal we had to wait awhile to find our waiter so we could pay.  When we finally did, he never came back to get the money.  Another 10 minutes go by and we had to stop him to come to our table.  Just glad gratuity wasn't already added since we had a group of 6.  

Horrible service and watered down drinks.
Since we stayed at the Flamingo, this was an easy choice to dine at. If you love Jimmy Buffet (which we do not), this place is definitely for you. Otherwise, it is just okay. Their drinks were nice and stiff. The bartenders were especially cool and a lot of fun. They did not offer many things in the gluten free area, so this limited my dining options. I did eat breakfast there several times. The corned beef hash and bacon were good. The boatmeal was good and came with a huge bowl of berries. My favorite was the nachos. The nacos were overloaded and would easily serve four people. I highly recommend stopping in just to check it out. Their casino was fun. They steer you through their retial shop and casino to exit. Also, be sure to get a seat on their massive patio. Awesome weather and people watching!
LOVE Margaritaville.  Yes, I go to Jimmy Buffet's Concert every year but I alos love the food here and atmosphere. The tropical drinks went a little down hill since the last time but the food got better. 
We ordered the 100 ounce margarita and it was sooo yummy! For 12 of us we each had about 2 glasses and it costs $65 which is cheaper than ordering individual margaritas. 
Definitely get the NACHOS, those are to die for and are huge so if you're in a large group then order them. 
I ordered the jerk chicken with veggies and wild rice, I finished my entire plate and I never do! 
We were so full the rest of the day and everyone loved their food and the waiters are always awesome. We also didn't have to wait that long on a Saturday.
Whyyy don't we get drunk and screwwww
great margaritas.
Nachos meet hangover. Hangover meet  nachos. The nachos were good and a massive portion as advertised. Served four of us and bom diggity were they! It's pretty busy in here, but so is the whole strip. I've had a couple of the drinks and they were all tasty. 

I picked one of the drinks and the waiter advised I get anything else haha. Good lookin bro, I guess? Anyways all in all a good experience.
Blurg. 

First of all, after a hard afternoon of walking up and down the strip, we decide we want a snack and a margarita. It's Vegas, so who can blame us? 

But oh no. You want an appetizer and drinks only? You have to argue to get a seat. 

This, of course, annoyed the waiter in whose section we were seated. Question: "Can we get the guacamole without cilantro (I hate cilantro!)?" He stares at us for a couple of seconds for effect, and says, flatly, "no." No "oh, sorry, no," or "no, it's made in big batches," but "no (subscript: why the hell are you asking?)" Regardless, the waiter made it really clear that an estimated $33 tab wasn't worth his trouble. 

Anyway, we got the queso and two margaritas. The margaritas were honestly pretty good. But we ate a cup of queso and a basket of tortilla chips, and both the BF and I felt pretty darned sick for awhile after. I'm not sure why. Maybe it was the flight to Vegas? But doubtful. Neither of us are strangers to the occasional (OK, more than occasional) indulgence in fried food. 

The bad service continued, with the waiter alternating between inattention and b*tchiness. But the margaritas were good, so I'll give it two stars. Just come, order your margaritas to go, and save yourself the hassle.
This is ALWAYS on our list of Must Dos in Vegas, unfortunately we didn't go this past weekend :(  The friends we were traveling with had heard the majority of the restaurant had been turned into a casino and they wouldn't go with us so we could see for ourselves.  No dancing girl coming out of a volcano, swinging from an anchor and spinning in a margarita glass?  Please tell me this isn't so Courtney G.

I was so sad we missed Margaritaville this trip :(  We normally have the Jamaican me crazy wings, and or nachos, any one of their Cheeseburgers, they ALL make me feel like I'm in paradise and one of those super fun tall Margarita dispensers.  I love it when we go and there aren't any out yet, and then after we order ours they start popping up all over the place.  It's like a cocktail that YOU can make go viral!  

Some more fun things that I love about Margaritavile besides the above mentioned is the ever fun "get the ring on the hook" game.  We really enjoying sitting in the awesome big chairs to finish up what ever boat drinks didn't go down with our meal and people watching.  I must like making people want what I have, because if we are lucky enough to get in a said chair, we get lots of jealous looks, and they are always occupied immediately after our departure.  I never leave with out getting some new Parrot Head swagger from the super fun store.  Margaritaville isn't just a meal for us, it's an event we look forward to, and Vegas just isn't the same to me with out it.  I wish there was one in Torrance!    

Anyway, I'm super impressed that I feel like you are going to take the time to read and respond to my review Courtney G.  That makes me feel just a special as I do when we get to go and have such an awesome time, food, and service at your restaurant.  If the craps tables weren't so mean to me last weekend, I would almost want to go back just so I could get my fix.  Alas...........there is always next time.
You lookin' for patio seating, unpretentious folks and a serving of nachos the size of a shrub? Margaritaville.
We waited about 15 minutes for a seat on their third-story patio on a warm sunny day. As we had just visited Fat Tuesday in the Forum Shoppes, that 15 minutes went by nice and quickly. Once we were seated, I decided that double-fisting wasn't a bad idea and ordered the Woman On Top (their version of a skinny margarita). But wait! The server came back and said they were out of the low-cal ingredients for the drink, so I sadly ordered a normal margarita. Maybe it's standard policy, maybe it was a mistake, or maybe it was the pathetic look on face... not sure what caused my good fortune, but when the bill came... no margarita to be found! Thanks, unknown server!A party of four of us couldn't even finish the nachos that came about 15 minutes after ordering. Had we all been a bit more tipsy, I'm sure we might have finished... but even that's debatable. Trust me, four large hungry guys would be perfectly satisfied with these.
It's not the fancy-uppity-atmospheric Vegas that most people flock to the Strip for... but for a midday stop for your aching feet, a snack in your belly and a drink in your tank, I would definitely consider Margaritaville.
Stopped in for a quick bite, great atmosphere and even better food. Hubby got the chicken wings and I got the burger.. one of the best burgers ever! I got one of their mixed drinks and it was so tasty! They had popular music on during dinner and then a live band. Band was good but played older music like BRICK HOUSE. I will definitely be back!
Always busy, we hit this place to start our Vegas vacation. We have to go thru the gift shop to see the latest in Parrothead couture!

Oh, yeah, the food. It's okay.
I am the ultimate margarita fan so margaritaville has my heart by default! Atmosphere is very playful. The staff is fun and friendly. During dinner, they put on a show in the main area where essentially this scantily clad woman sgoes down a giant slide into a giant margarita glass. After your second margarita, its more fun than it sounds. 

My favorite dish is the Volcano Nachos. It's the most massive plate of nachos you would ever see. Perfect for sharing with quite a few friends, but beware, it's sooo much food you probably wont want a main entree after.
Went there for a early dinner with the family before our flight. I cant tell you how close in seconds I was to paying for the ice tea my husband ordered and just leaving. Yikes! the prices were out of this world! $14 for a burger and fries, seriously?! I decided to give the benefit of the doubt and order anyways, dumb choice. The food is just mediocre and the prices on the high side for sure. 
I ordered a chicken burger with onion rings. You get 4 onion rings exactly because they are large ones. And my chicken tasted like it had been taken out of the freezer, boiled and slapped on a bun. So not impressed, and not enough food on the plate for the price. 
My husband had a mushroom burger ($14) with fries. Cold fries and a very slim portion, come on people thats the cheapest part of the meal! Burger was very average. 
Decor is kind of intersting and was seated quickly. Also the drinks are just as over priced as the food. You are clearly paying for the brand name of this establishment when you pay your check. There are other and better values in Vegas. I will not be eating there again next time Im in town.
This is always our first stop in Vegas. Great drinks, the upstairs bar is perfect no matter the time of day.  I suggest the nachos.
My aunt is a Parrothead so we went here for her birthday.  My sister and I weren't feeling that great after some bad food at Buca di Beppo earlier in the day so we just ordered soup and salad.  The tortilla soup tasted like those Taco Bell seasoning packets, but it helped settle my stomach a little.  The salad was worse, the lettuce was dry and stale so neither of us ate it.  Also, we had a reservation for "VIP seating" but we still had to wait 20 minutes and the table was just like any other table in the middle of the place.  However - my aunt had a blast enjoying the Jimmy Buffett music videos and her birthday balloon hat, so that's why I give it 3 stars.
The food here is your standard mediocre bar food so if your looking to dine here...skip it.  As the name implies, the show-stopper here are the Margaritas.  My gf will not leave Vegas without stopping in for one and even I approve of this one, even though I've been traumatized by past college tequila events (Go die Jose Cuervo).   Come here, order their Margaritas (I prefer blended), and have a good time.
Half way decent food for an alright price considering it has ourdoor dining mid-strip. Their nachos could feed a small army.
Service was half ass and took a while to receive our food. It was like they were short a couple servers. The margaritas looked like they were served in dixie cups.
I didn't like that I was charged for their crappy souvenir glass ($8) when I ordered my draft beer. The server didn't take it off the bill when I mentioned it to him I didn't want it and there for he ended up paying for it out of his tip.
I'll probably never come back, but I doubt it will still be around by the time I'm back in Las Vegas.
Been here a handful of times since it opened. It has always been good, but the new has definitely worn off. At first, it was fun checking out all the decorations, the boat booths, the volcano, etc. While I still think the food is good, I'd like to see them change up the menu or add to it. I'm sure they've made some changes, but it's hardly noticeable. I had a pulled pork sandwich this time which I've had before. They now serve it open faced and put two onion rings on it. The onion rings were great, but it's still the same sandwich. This seems to be the way they've changed things up. I'm not positive, but I think I remember the drinks coming in actual glasses instead of the plastic cups they were served in on this visit. I can understand that sometimes drunks shouldn't be given glass, but at this particular time, I didn't see any reason to think that the crowd would get out of hand, and I hate drinking out of plastic cups. It's not a keg party. I'm sure they can do plenty of business with only first time customers, but I'm running out of reasons to come back when there are new restaurants opening in Vegas every week. The food doesn't stand out enough to keep people returning, it's the theme. I guess it's still better than many of the other casual dining tourist traps on the strip. I AM a Jimmy Buffett fan, and Margaritaville is a great brand. I have been to and enjoyed their restaurants in many cities. I just hope it doesn't get too stale like a Hard Rock Cafe or Planet Hollywood restaurant. Obviously in Vegas, it's much more difficult to keep up with all the competition.
Awesome staff. Our server, Nicole, was such a dear. Despite her being so busy, she would always drop by our table every now and then to ask us how we were, occasionally staying to chit-chat for a bit. 

My family was seated at a comfy booth overlooking the stage. This was at about 9:30pm. The lights were dimmed and when we noticed that the spotlight was aimed at the stage, we knew there was going to be a live band and couldn't contain ourselves. Before delving into the restaurant's ambiance, I'm pretty sure my parents would agree with me that the food was pretty savory - although nothing out of the ordinary to be honest. We had a triple decker sandwich that came with fries, crab and corn chowder as well as buffalo wings. Except for the soup, definitely try out the other 2 orders. 

Music started at 10pm sharp and went on for an hour. I was very impressed with the band's line-up and still couldn't quite get over the fact that they sang one of the hardest and my most favourite songs - More than a feeling by Boston. Sure, it was pretty loud but what would you expect at a Vegas restaurant? We didn't really get a chance to talk while the band played which helped us channel our focus solely on the food. I guess that's a good thing. Overall, I would recommend people to try out the place. Just take note of this; if you like a more mellow ambiance, try getting to the restaurant earlier in the day.
People great. Turkey burger lousy. Taco salad very good. Nachos huge. Top shelf margarita awesome. Great place for a casual lunch at a reasonable price (for Vegas).
So we're chillin in the Bellagio lookin for food.  My drunk ass friends want wings.  Yeah try to find food at the Bellagio for less than 100 bucks lmao!!  I had avoided margaritaville in the past cuz of the association to country music... my mistake

This trip I went three times.  

The people who work there are sooooooooo nice!!!!!

Food is good!  Wings, nachos!!!

Prices are good!

Margaritas are amazing!!!
I wasnt as impressed as I'd hoped to be when going to this place. First off, the quality of food is not worth the price that it's set at. We ordered nachos, shrimp, a cocktail and a beer and my bill was over $60.00.. but that's what you have to expect while eating on the strip. The service was good, but it was too loud to hold a conversation and the waitress literally sits down and hunches toward you in order to hear what you'd like to order. The coconut shrimp dish was not to my liking, but if you come here you should order the nachos, they are super tasty. If youre gonna spend the cash and wait to be seated might as well go somewhere else with a larger variety menu. Had an okay time but I dont think I will revisit the resturaunt.
So awesome! And Jennifer is a super cool waitress. She is so funny.
This is a lot of food!  My friends were raving about this place and how much they liked it and how affordable it was last time they were here and it really was pretty good.  I had the fish tacos and one of my friends had the seafood mac and cheese and she was CRAZY about it!  It was a little bit pricier than I would have liked but it's Vegas, I didn't expect cheap.  I mean, honestly, for how much I paid, I expected something a little bit more tasty but it wasn't bad.  Just a little bland but maybe I should just stay away from the fish tacos next time.
Stopped by the outdoor bar so the wife could get a foo-foo drink while we were walking down the street. While I don't necessarily mind paying $10 for a drink in a small plastic cup, it better have some booze in it at that price; this one, according to my wife, did not pass mustard in that department.
Definitely a great surprise, good food, good service and atmosphere.Although other reviewers have said it was not recommended for children, we had a 1 year old with us for lunch and were seated in a quieter corner and no problems.Fish tacos, Seafood Mac and margraitas all tasty.Very friendly!
this place is tons of fun, good food, & good prices! they have music playing and a quick little skit every hour or so. after the skit, they offer $5 specialty shots for the following 15 minutes! our server was fun and made our night! i would definitely come back next time im in vegas!
This is a review for the retail store.  The bar/restaurant is your typical touristy, themed restaurant.  
I came in to get a few things for some very picky family members.  One of the managers there, Glenn saw me wondering around and offered to assist me.  I must say, he certainly knows how to provide great service.  He asked me a few questions and before I knew it he had picked out the perfect gifts for me.  I certainly wasn't expecting such great service at such a touristy place, but Glenn proved me wrong.  I wish I was treated this way everywhere I shopped.  Kudos for Margeritaville for hiring such great staff.
Overpriced and nothing special. 
My $15 margarita came in a small cafeteria-style glass with barely any liquor, definitely not enough to get me lit. The $10 beer helped a little. One bite of my $20 burger made me regret even getting food. 
Next time I get the option to go to Margaritaville, I'm choosing AA instead.
My husband & I went there for lunch on Monday, & what a delicious lunch we had!  I had a Turkey Burger which was DELICIOUS!!!  Great service as well!  Next time we are in Las Vegas, we will definitely go back there!  Also, the decor in there was awesome!
I heard that the Huevos Rancheros here were really good and I was not disappointed.  The service was great as well.  My only complaint was the weak drinks.  I ordered an 8 dollar bloody mary and it did not seem to have any alcohol.   My wife's Margarita was the same way.   I went to the bar just to watch the Saturday morning bartender pour drinks.  He would only put in half a shot in each drink he made to, I guess, save money.   I heard two other patrons complaining about weak drinks as well.  My experience was otherwise great here, good food.
This is a good place for a meal and entertainment for adults. We went with a large group and they took good care of us. It was fairly loud,but that's part of the environment. Its right on the strip and they have a large selection of food. I would like to think of this place as a rainforest cafe for adults, in a way because there were people sliding down slides and yelling and singing every so often as animals do at rainforest cafe. That being said, its not a kid friendly place(That is why I only gave it 3 stars)., but it is Las vegas. Its good for adults,but I did see several kids while there. I had fun while there, but I would probably not choose to go to it again until I am over the age of 21.
it was okkay nothing spectacular.  I had the shrimp fajitas they were not that good.  Honestly if you have ever eaten at Chevy's and had their fajitas you know that they are just okkay, nothing special and even this place was worse then that!  But its a convenient location and its kind of a fun atmosphere. I did however try the Mac N Cheese and it was pretty decent so maybe i just picked the wrong plate. Don't know if I'd come back and try this place again.
Not only is the staff in this place completely disorganized, and unprofessional but the food is mediocre at best and overpriced. 

I asked for water 3 times, and didn't receive it until I was almost done eating. People around us who sat down way after we did received their food first, and it seemed our waitress was more concerned with talking and chatting up other tables than getting us our food while it was hot, or actually serving us. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich, and not only did the pickle look wilted from sitting out too long, the chicken inside the sandwich looked like a piece of driftwood that had been picked through by termites, and the fries were hard, chalky on the inside and cold. We ordered the taco salad, the salad itself was also wilted and soggy, and the presentation was horrendous. The meat piled on top of the salad looked like something my dog leaves in the backyard. Our other friends ordered the nachos, and found the nachos were stale. I don't think a single person at our table was satisfied with their food. When it came time to separate the checks, the waitress handed us a single bill and told us to write our names next to what we ordered. Can you say lazy? Once we did that, I handed her our cards and cash and she disappeared for half an hour. 

I wouldn't recommend this place for food or drinks. There are plenty of other places on the strip with amazing food. This place isn't worth the hype or the money.

**The manager of the store has reached out to me since posting this review and assured me this was an isolated incident, and is very embarrassed by our experience and service. The apology and concern felt very genuine, and I look forward to trying this place again with a better result.
I went here for the first time in May, 2012.  I had the fish tacos and a perfect margarita, which was one of the best I've had.  The prices were decent for Vegas.  I would def go back!
My fianc and I came here for the nachos!! Read so much about them on here and they were good. Had real nacho cheese on them. I also ordered the taco salad which I loved the actual shell. It was delicious. Nice and soft flour tortilla. Our waitress was nice. My only complaint was my fianc was setting next to me and we could barely hear each other over the loud music. Other then that if we ever come back to Vegas again we will deff stop by for the nachos!!
The staff is nice, the food isn't. I made the mistake of going to Vegas with people who think Cabo Wabo and Margaritaville serve excellent food. 

This place doesn't even make a good margarita!! For a real margarita, you need to go to Mesa Grill at Caesars! I love Bobby Flay!!

I had a taco salad or something like that and it was underwhelming with the center lettuce being quite soggy and cold.... not in a cold crisp way, but in a not tasty way.
We brought a group of about 25 for drinks and food and they pretty much hooked us up with our own area on the 3rd floor deck.  Drinks were good and if you want pub food like nachos, burgers and fish tacos for a good price then there's really no better place to go.  With all the inflated prices on the heart of the strip, Margaritville still gives you a pretty good bang for your buck.

You waitress Shaavon was phenomenal....she kept all the bills separate for those who needed to leave early and continued to bring everyone their food and drinks over the span of three hours without missing a beat.  It sent a private party but it mine as well have been...thanks Shaavon and MargRitaville for giving us e VIP treatment while we were there.  See you during our next visit!
Considering the crappy service we received elsewhere, we ended up eating at Margaritaville twice during our trip. We had great service both times and I was pleased with the food! 

The first time I had a bbq turkey burger which was really good. Normally turkey burgers can be on the dry side but it was really moist and tasteful! The second time I got the Mahi-Mahi and it was AMAZING! I really enjoyed the meals there and the drinks were great!
this review is only there breakfast menu! it was great i enjoyed it but im not a huge breakfast person. Waiter was awesome and food came out fast. nothing great about this place. the only reason they dont give 5 stars is because they want 35 buck for a margarita. come on i know its vegas and everything is marked up. but jesus that is way toooo much.
My boyfriend and I wandered into Margaritaville after checking out from the Flamingo.  We had time to kill before our flight and I'd read good things about their nachos.  We were seated right away, and our server was cool about us changing tables to be closer to the soccer match on one of the TVs.  We ordered the nachos and fajitas.  Our server warned us about how big their nachos are, and steered us away from ordering anything else.  We're very grateful that he did, because there is no way we could have eaten any more than the massive pile nachos we recieved!  We gave them an honest try and even though we were pretty hungry, we only got through about half of the plate.  They weren't the best nachos I'd ever had, but they were tasty, covered in jalapeos, and a reasonable priced (around $15, which isn't bad for Vegas).  If you order them, plan to split them with 2-4 people and order a side of salsa  to go with it.

Also, the margaritas were tasty, as they should be.
Best place for Nachos, burgers, beer and MARGARITAS of course.  We always take our friends and family who are visiting for a great dinner. Never disappoints!!
French fries, good. Veggie burger, horrible. I live in L.A. do we just know how to make a veggie burger and the rest of the country doesn't? Take it off the menu then! 

It's a decent looking place, apparently the highest grossing restaurant in the country from what I hear. Very loud, so if you want to come here to eat and then dance it's a decent spot. Just not to talk.
We were super excited to find out that our hotel had Margaritaville in it.  For a group of nine we figured it would be a good go-to spot for food and drinks.  Boy were we disappointed.  The drinks are crazy overpriced for the 1. Size and 2. Alcohol content and the food left A LOT to be desired.  The food was cheep and everyone left with stomach aches.  The place is super loud as others have said and their entertainment consists of people on stilts and a girl who dives into a blender...I guess I should use the word "entertainment" loosely.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  I would though recommend the bar inside the Margaritaville casino - the It's 5 o'clock somewhere bar.  The bartenders have mad drink skills from the varieties of drinks they offer to the cocktails like show they put on while making your drink.  Just made me feel a little better paying $10 for a house margarita and $7 for a Corona.  If you are on the strip looking for a good, diner style place to eat go to the Peppermill down by Circus, Circus.  It'll save not only your digestive tract but also keep some of those dollars in your wallet!
We went here for breakfast Friday morning at like 8-9am when we first got into town. It was my husband, our friend and myself. We all ordered a Redbull infused mimosa. Tasted weird at first, didn't know a redbull oj mimosa was vodka?(guess I should read the description before I choose drinks) Anyways, it was good but way overpriced. Ordered the Key West omelet. It was delicious. $14.99 crab, shrimp, hollandaise sauce. NOM. Husband ordered the eggs benedict. He always loves it, as long as the hollandaise sauce is right and the eggs aren't overcooked you can't go wrong. Would eat here again :) Forgot that they gave us a 20% off our next visit coupon. Darn.
My girlfriends and I decided to get some lunch here. It was my first time coming here and love how they decorated the restaurant. It kind of reminded me of rainforest cafe. My friend and I decided to split the nachos and we ate maybe a quarter of it. It was ginormous and delish!! Their drinks were fruity and pretty tasty.
Margaritaville is great for what it is:  the physical manifestation of Jimmy Buffett's songs and life.  I sort of have a special place in my heart for a few of those songs, my dad listened to Jimmy Buffett all the time during my formative years.   However, after watching Buffett videos for 45 minutes during lunch, I have come to the realization that I am slightly creeped out by Jimmy Buffett.  Not sure exactly why, but I am.  

Anyway, the food was good enough, exactly what you would expect from a big box, semi corporate kinda place.  I got the perfect margarita and it was great.  Super strong, not sweet at all.  Dont get it if you want a traditional margarita, my friend got one and tearing up as he choked it down.  I like the taste of tequila, so I loved it.
Margaritaville is definitely a tourist spot, you can get a free entree if you use one of the coupons from the Vegas booklet. 

The restaurant is located inside the Flamingo Hotel and is about 3 floors high with 4 bar areas. There are performers in stilts that go around from tale to table making balloon animals and other fun things for kids and patrons. I thought they would pass our table by but I was glad when they stopped by. 

For dinner I had the ribs and french fries, a common thing that I order a touristy spots, and it was a good choice. We both ordered their margaritas and that's when I realized you can walk around with an open container so we took the unfinished drinks to go.
Stopped here for a late lunch and some refreshing beverages and had the best nachos and mojitos ever! Will def be back next time we're in town :)
Great place to relax. Good bar food, folks having a good time. Laid back atmosphere.
We had the second floor as part of a dinner a client was throwing. They were generous with the liquor and considering this client I was grateful for that.

The appetizers were good and the pulled pork was delicious but it was CRAZY LOUD.

It was scream across the table and barely be understood kind of loud.

It was "I wish they'd turn it from from building shaking to just ear splitting" kind of loud.

It was just give up and write notes on a napkin kind of loud.

If you're deaf and have been looking for a place where everyone else is just like you....You just found it.
We were in Vegas for a wedding and we made a reservation for 40 people at 6:30 on a Saturday night.  Now, if that was hard for the restaurant to accommodate, they should have said so.  But instead, they took our reservation and we showed up on time.  Unfortunately, they told us they only had room for half of us upstairs and half downstairs.  Not because there was not enough room for 40 but because they hadn't set aside enough tables in one location for 40.  We seated as many people as we could together and as tables near us opened up we kept adding them to our group, one by one.  Very disappointing.  

I ordered the steak & shrimp fajitas and received steak & chicken.  They told me to keep the chicken and brought me out the shrimp, which was supposed to be "grilled" (according to their menu) but looked as if it had merely been heated up, not grilled.  These are probably the worst fajitas I've ever had.

But I will give it to them - they make great margaritas.
Wife and I had a great evening at Margaritaville. Lots of ice cold Land Shark and excellent strong drinks. Seafood Mac & Cheese was a real hit. Loud music, cool videos and great service and free entertainment.
good food, great prices, perfect casual spot along the strip!
A+++++++++++

Hostess said 10 min wait... We were sitting at our table within 3. 

Our server, PRISCILLA, was AMAZING!! My fianc and I are both in the restaurant industry, and she checked every box on what a great server should be- friendly, attentive, fast, etc etc. She suggested a great margarita for me, and checked on us frequently throughout our meal. My favorite thing about her was that she was personal and not the general "is everything ok here" she knew exactly our situation and where we should be in our meal

Food was also fantastic! Everything came out fast and hot. Drinks also came out fast and were much stronger than normal casual restaurant drinks!

What a great experience at Margaritaville because of Priscilla!!!!!!
I've always liked Margaritaville as a port in a touristy storm.  I know I can come in and get a good drink and listen to some really good music.  The food is so-so.  My husband and I stopped in on 9/1 and shared the combo fajitas.  They weren't sizzling when they came to the table, but the flavor was alright.  They seemed to me like they had been sitting in a warmer tray or something, but what do you expect when the place is packed?  They can't cook each one to order or it would take forever.  We also had a side of 3 coconut shrimp which were a greasy little treat.  I don't eat much fried food, but I did enjoy my 1 1/2 shrimp.  

The drinks were great as always and Jimmy on the big screen was great escapism from the crowded chaos of The Strip.  I was impressed with the hostesses up front who have to manage the flow of traffic coming in that joint.  People don't pay any attention and just walk on up to the dining room when they need to check in with the hostess first, and there was always someone there to guide them in the right direction whether it was back to the hostess or on to one of the 4 bars.  Our server was very friendly and on time with refills & the check.  I'd definitely go back.
I LOVED LOVED LOVED this place.  I would have not minded just hanging out here every night during our 3 night stay.  I had a banana margarita and it was wonderful.  Hubby and I shared the yummy volcano nachos and didnt even put a dent in them.  The atmoshpere is so fun.  You cant help but to have a good time here!  GO!!!
I have been dying to visit this place for awhile. Like since I turned 21, but the whole avoiding the strip thing kinda got in the way.

Anywho -  I went on Saturday around lunch time and we had about a 15 minute wait. Not bad for the strip. We waited a good 10 minutes after we were seated for our server to come by. She recommended the Bahama Mama, which was awesome! It almost tasted like a 50/50 bar, but it had an interesting kick to it. We settled on the nachos for our entree. It looks huge, but I will say that 70% of the nachos is chips. They were still really tasty, and we had leftovers. We indulged and ordered dessert - the brownie. It's chocolate and ice cream - no point in reviewing that. Of course it was delicious!

Overall, I really liked this place. I hope that I can convince one of my buds to join me soon.
Friend of min es wanted to eat and drink somewhere on The Strip.
She had mentioned this place and since I hadn't even been, I was kinda excited to try it.

First off, parking at Flamingo sucks. Call me spoiled but, I guess, I'm used to bigger lots and stalls. It was kind of scary looking for parking in such a compacted space.

Second, it was a pain to walk to the restaurant because it's so far from the parking lot. We had to walk through the whole casino and then, through Margaritaville Casino....yes, they have their own casino!

As soon as we walked in, I was surprised at how big this place was. Friends that we were meeting said that it's THREE stories tall. WOW, doesn't seem that big from the street.

It was very busy as it was Saturday night but, we found a seat by the bar area. The waiter was friendly and recommended some drinks for us to start with. I ended up getting the License to Chill...it was such a pretty blue when I got it. Very refreshing AND strong so, that was a bonus!

The taco salad my friend got was huge and, shockingly, didn't seem that fattening. More refreshing than anything.
My crab, shrimp, and mushroom dip was good. Came with garlic bread but, I liked it better with chips. Btw, the garliv bread was more like garlic Texas toast =)
I had a nice time here but wont be back too often unless we have someone visiting from out of town who wants to go.. The drink prices are too high for what you get. I paid $10 for a tiny cup of margarita. My friend paid $18 for a bigger one but you still didn't get enough for the price compared to a lot of other places around here. 2 of our friends decided to wait outside and not purchase anything after seeing the prices and size of drinks. I wanted to order at least 1 to try it.  I did think it tasted good just not good enough for the price. It was kind of dead in there too but maybe it was the hour we were there. We sat at the bar and just got a drink menu so I don't know about the food and might have to try that out someday. The staff was friendly and the place was clean inside. After 1 drink we decided to head to another place where we could get more drink for our buck.  I really had high hopes for this place and wish I could write a  better review but I have to be honest based on my experience.
Yes it's gimmicky - but isn't that why you go? This place always has a fun atmosphere whether it be for a quick drink (The Pink Cadillac is delicious) at the wrap around bar or grabbing a table late night by the stage where there is a live band, either one is a good time! Of course if you're a huge Jimmy Buffet fan there are plenty of souvenirs in the gift shop that you have to walk through to get to the bar. I almost got suckered into something because it's all such fun stuff. The food menu was quite large and the pulled pork burger was amazing!!! The bun was loaded with so much pork you would barley see it. We sat at the bar so the service was great, friendly and fast bar tenders. Oh, and try to count how many times they play "it's 5 o'clock somewhere"  haha those poor bar tenders!
My brother in law is a huge Jimmy Buffet fan so we had to go, we had the nachos for a starter which were huge and the fish tacos as our main, very tasty, the drinks were strong and really hit the spot and the service was excellent, my sister got a monkey balloon hat which she was very pleased about, be prepared for a wait no matter what time you go, it gets really packed.
we had a private party on the 2nd floor & the staff was great!! 3.5 stars

----FROZEN MARGARITAS! of course.. its MARGARITAVILLE!! you can get them w/ flavors & even mix flavors! (guava's not bad but a bit sweet) ORIGINAL is the way to go!
---Fried chicken wings w/ honey mustard sauce were nice & crispy!
---spring rolls: not bad for a "mexican" joint
---mini cheeseburgers: the buns weren't the best, but the patties were cooked well

had a blast!! wouldn't mind coming back for some finger foods & margaritas
Great atmosphere! Wish the Outside Upper Deck were open on a more consistent basis.
Service was great.  Food on the other hand sucked really bad.  The only good thing was the shrimp appetizer.  I ordered a steak and my wife got a margarita and the nachos.  Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.  No flavor and if you like shoe leather I would recommend it but if you are like me pass on the steak.  Nachos were cold and the margarita was bland.  She had one in Nashville's margaritaville and loved it but the Vegas one was horrible.  We even said maybe it was a bad batch and went back to give it a second chance.  Same result.  There are much better places to go in Vegas to  eat.
I had some of the absolute worst food of my entire life here.  I like Jimmy Buffet and I live in New Orleans where we also have a Margaritaville but the food at the New Orleans location is exponentially better than this place even though it still isn't that great.  The shrimp here were horrible with the texture of gummy bears and I've never experienced such atrocious seafood.  The food was all bland and even "spicy" dishes had no flavor!  I'm really confused why they can't seem to do drinks and food at least on par with the similarly themed but far better executed Bahama Breeze chain that isn't that far a ride from here (tip: go there if you're in the mood for a tropical themed restaurant and you will be FAR happier). The big bonus is you can get wasted away again in Margaritaville on margaritas here but the bad news is they aren't that great here and I wish they had prickly pear flavored ones like the Z'Tejas chain does. I know this is the most profitable restaurant in America so please Jimmy get some quality control on the food going through here!  A good Gulf Coast boy like Mr. Buffet needs to be embarrassed to have served food like this even if he is laughing all the way to the bank.
Some call it a tourist trap..  Maybe they're right.  Been here about 5 times when I didn't live out here.  Since I moved here, been here only once.  Yep, I was trapped. 

Food is okay, nothing to brag about.  However, their Volcano Nachos is probably the best nachos on the strip.  Only came our here for the nachos and drinks.  

You get some entertainment while you're here.  Once the song "Cheeseburger in Paradise" comes on the party starts.  All the excitement last about 15 minutes.  Not bad and it really can be entertaining.  However, after about an hour and seeing the same routine 3 times, it get's a bit old.  

Not a bad place to have a few drinks.  But for food, not my first pick in the area.
This place was exactly what I expected it to be. 

Palm trees, nautical nicknacks, colorful margaritas in oversize glasses. There were even an airplane and water-slide, though it's not open to patrons, which is just a tease. There is a show that they put on where a girl dressed as a mermaid dances around and slides down the water-slide and into a vat of "margarita," which I'm sure is just water. FYI ... the tub of water that she slides into isn't very flattering for the girl. The distortion that the water created made me feel better about my own body lol.

The margaritas are good, as is to be expected. I had a regular margarita with a premium tequila since it was on special that night (it was a Wednesday). Very tasty. We didn't order entrees, but we did get a gigantic plate of nachos. And when I say gigantic, I mean GIGANTIC. One order of nachos could feed a small army, so keep that in mind. The nachos had chili, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, jalapenos, tomatoes, and green onions. Very tasty! 

Margaritaville is a fun place to stop in for a bite to eat and a margarita!
As soon as we checked in to our hotel, we dropped off our stuff and headed straight to Margaritaville. We sat down at the bar, ordered a bucket of beer and a couple of margaritas. The nachos are huge and are really delicious. We really started off our Vegas trip great by coming here. I had been here once previously and had the same experience, just a great time.
Awesome time with the family. I mean the tequilla didn't hurt, but it was good food, good music and live entertainment.  Mt three boys loved the dancing betty in a swimsuit.  Kinda pricey though.
Definitely very entertaining! I had the best original margarita! Service was awesome! Shannen was the best server we had for the week that we stayed in Vegas, and we ate out Everyday!!! Thanks again to the staff and a great show!!! I will definitely be back
Ah Jimmy Buffett---sort of your parents' Sammy Hagar.
This place runs expensive, and it took a long time to get served due to seemingly failing to have a host on staff from the direction we came in (later on, after they held my left-behind credit card kindly for me and when I returned for it, I realized the host dwells in a different location to enter in). Looking for a really cheap meal, we had the volcano nachos which was just such an excessive amount of food, probably fit for 5 people, so make sure you bring at least 3 people or the prices won't make sense. You're supposed to get drinks here, but their items seemed pricey so we skipped the drinks. Am I missing something about the Jimmy Buffett dynasty that makes the menu so expensive? I guess you're supposed to buy the drinks so that you can eat that quantity of food huh? 
Inside there is non-stop video footage of the fun-times man himself on his namesake island in Florida...all around a good place to hang if this kind of thing makes you nostalgic, not really my kind of thing, but I won't knock it for that. I guess, if anything, Jimmy Buffett reminds me of sing-alongs in grade school and the way your parents envisioned the "good life". At any rate, the nachos were filling, so mission accomplished.
Terrible! The food is terrible. Like really terrible. Everything tastes like fish.  How do you manage to make a chicken quesadilla taste like fish?  That shouldn't even be possible.
Service was so slow.  Took forever to get a menu, order, and get food.
And it's fucking cold in there. I didn't come to the desert to have rock hard nipples from how cold I am.
Always a good time!  Since I was last here in April, it seems like maybe the menu has changed because I didn't previously notice that they had many vegetarian options.  This time around, they had several veg-friendly options and even had marked on the menu which items could be made vegetarian.  Kudos on that.  However, I had a chicken salad minus the chicken and was charged the same price... not a huge issue but surely the chicken would have been more costly than the lettuce, sugared pecans, and mango?  In any case, the food here is always good and I love the nautical ambiance.  Service was on par the Monday evening I visited and there was no wait for a table.  The outdoor dining space is excellent as well with a fun view of the strip.  My only issue with Margaritaville is that it is always freezing cold!  I almost always prefer to eat outside when possible since I won't be shivering throughout my meal!
I wish I could write a more detailed review for Margaritaville but because of two reasons, I cannot; 1. I visited more than three months ago and the details have begun to escape me and 2. I can't say I was completely sober at the time... it's Vegas! But I can confirm it was a great time!

The interior is awesome, I loved walking through the rocky structure to get to our table. It's a whirlwind of color and sound once you're seated, there's so much going on around you. I couldn't hear a damn thing my friends at the table were saying but whatever. I remember enjoying my drinks and food (what did I order?! darn inebriated memory) and especially the pirate/mermaid act where the mermaid shimmys and slides into the margarita glass.. so fun!

Despite it being crazy busy, our waitress was awesome, too. We'll be back next time we're on the Strip.
I've been to several locations and this one was by far te best. The bartenders were friendly who made really strong margaritas. My favorite part is the cat walk that you can drink your drinks on and yell at people on the street walking by. Always a good time.
been here a twice on 2 separate trips. Food is good. Service was average. Noise so loud that i couldn't take to the person sitting 2ft from me.
Not bad, but not great. 

They have a small little area for you to order your margarita (for on the go), and the general bar area. 

Good amount of options. I've tried the strawberry one before..it's..strawberry. Yesterday I tried the raspberry..bleck. It was like, a strange sour taste. 

Bf got the cadillac, and said it was kind of narsty. 

All in all, it's a cool place to hang and chill (though that's what we didn't do.)

When I went last year, there were tons of olllldd men tryna holler at young girls from the balcony thang that they have..uhm, no.
Very touristy. 8ft guys handing out balloon animals-a little creepy to me, but hey what happens in Vegas right?  Every time the 10ft screen starts showing Jimmy Buffet start to play a bleach blond comes out in a beachy getup and starts to...hula/margaritaville polka dance. Work with me here I'm trying my best to give you the full ambiance of what you get for your $ here. Did NOT care for the premixed margaritas but their bartenders do know their way around a bar if you ask them to make one of your favorites.
This was my first time here and to be honest i was not impressed. The prices were so so, on the food and drinks. but there was a 20 minute wait to get inside and once inside so many things were going on it was hard to have one point to have during your meal. servers were nice and i cant say the food was bad, but my drink was a little weak on the liquor and for 11.00 it should be pretty stiff. There is a small show that's nice to watch that happens like every 30 minutes. Don't think i would come back but its a good experience at least once.
Really awesome atmosphere.  I had a burger, and I wasnt expecting much, but it had great taste and was cooked perfectly.  My fiance had the grilled chicken and she enjoyed it very much.  She also had a Volcaneo margarita which was smoking, so that was pretty cool too.
Our server Alisha was amazing! Super fun, nice, and made great recommendations!! Will definitely go back! Just don't mistake her for Ashley:) lol
Second time here, and this one was for breakfast. Everything seems to be about alcohol, so we tried a mango margarita, and it was great. Can't say that about the breakfast selection. I wasn't impressed, but of course, will be back. The atmosphere
is great and so is the gift shop.
Great drinks and atmosphere.  But the management needs to get some better employees or monitor the service.   That aspect is soso.  Management fails
My boyfriend and I had the shrimp, crab, mushroom dip as an appetizer- AMAZING! Our waiter, Gio was great. I had two drinks, "The Perfect Margarita" was amazingly good and I cannot remember the name of the other one, it was delicious though.
I've always wanted to eat here just for the ambiance and the drinks, and walking by this weekend while in Vegas we decided to check it out. There wasn't a wait which was perfect and we were seated right away. The service was awesome. Drinks were STRONGGGG....holy crap were they strong. So many combinations it was hard to choose! I ended up ordering the Buffalo Chicken Bites to eat and they honestly weren't great. However, my other girlfriends ordered the Seafood Mac & Cheese and it was TO DIE for. I think I ate like, half of theirs. The portions are HUGE too, we saw someone order the nachos and I couldn't believe my eyes haha. It was a good time! I'll be back for sure, maybe at night next time.
My fiance and I had an amazing breakfast meal and service on Thanksgiving Day, working with Heather G, at the LV strip location. The food was outstanding, the bloody mary's yummy and potent, and the service was THE BEST. I've had evening drinks and appetizers at this location in the past and service and food/drink quality was fine then, too. But our Thanksgiving morning breakfast was TO DIE FOR.
XO
Traci 'n Lauren
Came here several times.  Once at breakfast (steak and eggs), and came back in the afternoon for more drinks.  It was a fun atmosphere and girls go swimming in huge blenders...Sweet...Anyways good place to hang out and have some drinks.  See you next time Margaritaville.
"No Shoes ? No Shirt ? No Problem !" Telle est la devise  Margaritaville !

La ville de la margarita ? Quasiment et si c'tait vraiment une ville, on serait prt  y habiter pour boire tous les soirs une bonne margarita et se goinfrer d'un volcan de nachos !!!
Oui se goinfrer, vraiment il n'y a pas d'autre mot, car voir arriver cette montagne de nachos fait presque peur, mais en se mettant  trois dessus et en ne mangeant que a, on a finalement russi  en venir  bout ! 
(bon j'tait un peu tout seul dessus  la fin mais je partage la victoire !)

En moyenne les cocktails sont dans les 10$ et les margaritas les valent largement, elles sont bien doses et il y a des propositions assez intressantes !
Le nachos volcano quand  lui est  15$, donc pour 3 personnes c'est tout  fait acceptable, vous repartez repus et fiers d'avoir termin ce plat que certains mangent seul(e)s... question entrainement peut tre...

Seul petit bmol : c'est trs bruyant et assez sombre dans la partie bar, on est bien mieux dans la partie restaurant sur la terrasse avec vue sur le Strip, mais l par contre, allez savoir pourquoi... les verres sont en plastique !

Attendez vous  attendre un peu selon l'heure pour avoir une table, mais a vaut le coup de tenter l'exprience !
Very casual.  Sit anywhere, the menus are on the table and eventually the server will show up.  She was friendly as all the staff was.

Good selection of foods, on the high side of prices for a casual restaurant.

I ordered the chili with a side salad.

The chili came out warm. I had to send it back but when it did come back it was very hot, good and a big bowl.
My salad never came, but that was good since the chili was enough. I was expecting a small bowl of chili for the price but it was bigger than I thought. Yes, I did mention  it was pricy but not the chili everyone else's food.

My wife ordered the fish tacos. She said they were good and they came with a side of chili too. 

Drinks were good. The atmosphere is party and fun.

Overall a casual sit down place to hang and have a light lunch or snacks.
I think this would have been a five star if we'd have had the nachos and a cheeseburger. As it was, we shared a club and the teriyaki chicken. It was decent.

But let's face it-we came for the ambiance, the music and the BOOZE-and margaritaville did not disappoint! I say drink first - eat after.
I wish I could give a place ZERO.
You know, I probably deserved to pay the ridiculous price of 36 dollars per huge margarita for not being so patient while walking down the strip.
I did not have food here, just a drink. 
I ordered the blender-sized 35 oz margarita which was then filled with a few of the slurpee-like liquids of peach, mango, and lime. 

The drink was SO sweet, I could barely drink the thing.
I could not taste any alcohol, just sugar.
I started actually getting heart burn about half way through.

As my fiance put it: "I was hung over, before I was even buzzed".

72 dollars later for 2 drinks that were painful to drink, I realize the 13 dollar bong-looking beverages that you can get refilled nearly anywhere on the strip are much better and generally have more liquor and taste nicer on the tongue too.

Less financial heartburn, I might add.
Stay away from this bar/walk in place unless you're looking to carry a giant mug that says "Schmuck".
I used to come here regularly. And from my rating, you can see that that has changed. The last two times I came were complete disasters. One time isn't really their fault but it tells you the type of people you may encounter (though you would probably encounter them anywhere). Anyhow, let me get back to the story. It's a laid-back place with a live band you can dance to. So I put my sweater on the speaker (which I've done many times before) so that I could dance without the extra bulk. To make the long story short, my sweater was stolen. I actually approached the girl who argued with me and ran off with it. And I'm not kidding about that. I admit I wasn't quick enough to go after her because I was in shock, I definitely did not expect that at all. The workers of course could not help. Anyhow, it sounds petty but I like that sweater and it's ridiculous that that even happened. I actually didn't come for a couple of months because I was still annoyed by that.

Anyhow, I finally did decide to make another visit... Ok, so onto the actual place- food, drinks, and music. All were terrible the last time I was here. In fact, I brought some family and friends and was completely embarrassed by how bad it was. They had a new band and they were terrible. (The old band used to play the same songs but at least they did a good job). It took me a while to figure out what this new band was playing, which ended up being "Yeah" by Ludacris. That's a pretty distinct song and it's bad that I couldn't even tell what they were playing! Well, since we finally found a table, we figured we'd hang out even with the terrible music. So everyone ordered their drinks. I ordered my usual margarita on the rocks. Wow, that was also terrible. Seriously, is it possible for everything to change that much in a couple of months? In fact, it became somewhat of a game as everyone tried everyone else' drink to see whose was the worst. I think mine won. Actually, I can't even comment on the food because I think we gave up after the drinks. (I used to always want the nachos but I was afraid to try that this time).

So I definitely do not recommend this place and will not come back (and haven't since these last experiences).
We went to Margaritaville and it was great. We had a great cocktail waitress named Claire. She made sure we had what we wanted and was attentive to our drink and food needs. Claire was fun and engaging. She also gave us drink suggestions and they were really good. I'm going back for the World of Concrete and hope that Claire is working then. My friends and colleagues and I appreciate the quality service that Margaritaville and Claire provides.
Look, this place isn't a 5 star restaurant, but I'm giving it 5 anyway because I friggin' love it.  I've gone here dozens of times with my wife, friends, and/or family, and I can't get enough of it.  The atmosphere is usually very fun, everyone is having a good time, and things are just....laid back.  I get the Volcano Nachos each and every time, so I can't speak much on the other menu items.  For $15.99 you get a plate of nachos that 2 people can very rarely finish, so it's basically a nacho buffet for under $10/person.  Can't beat that.  And they're really GOOD nachos, not your generic nachos.  

Drinks can be a little pricey, but it's on the Las Vegas Strip, so that's to be expected.  You can plan on paying around $10 for any of their mixed drinks, and I think their beers will run you anywhere from $5-$8 (I don't drink beer, but that's just been what I can remember from people with us ordering them).  The main level can get a little noisy at times, but they have a 2nd and 3rd level where things are a lot quieter if you want to be able to carry on a casual conversation.  But if you're going there for a good time and you're not going to be there many times, I'd definitely recommend the ground level so you can get the full experience.

Waiters and waitresses are generally on the ball and keep your glasses full and address any needs, although there has been a time or 2 where that wasn't the case.  That's to be expected after literally probably 50 visits, though.  

Highly, highly recommend.
This place sucks! Went on a Tuesday night and waited over 10 min to get a waitress at our table. Just got up and left! Place looked like a ghost town!
Really great margaritas, especially the "Perfect Margarita" my waiter tried to talk me out of getting it because it was too "strong". Well, it's not and in fact it will give you the best buzz ever.
I love the volcano nachos, super awesome and big. It's basically like a meal, and the burger was pretty good too.
Service was slow, and our waiter was a doushe, but I really liked it.
Keep an eye out for the volcano blowing! (apparently a mermaid is supposed to come out of the volcano, but that didn't happen during my visit there)
Well, last week my Vegas bucket list contained the simple (yet somehow elusive, for me) task of going to JB's Margaritaville and having a margarita (I love margaritas and have had my share). I can half-way cross this off, but not really. 

After a long night, I was dying. Ya know, that "Vegas-did-you-well" kind of dying. But whatever, we had to power through. Our party of 6 was determined to go to M-ville, and that we did. On a Wednesday afternoon, we walked over from Cosmo and strolled into here from the sewer-smelling hell known as the Flamingo casino. We were seated right away, and seen right away. 

TIPPITY-TIP-TIP: Request Ryan L. as your waiter! Seriously, this guy is the only reason that I am giving ANY stars (the food was HORRIBLE, as I will get into a little later). Management, if you read this, please recognize Ryan. He was nothing short of fantastic! He would probably remember our table, we were probably his only entertainment for the day. 
Everyone at the table was going to get a margarita (except me, I cringed at the thought), and he recommended that by the time they all got the specialty margaritas, it would be about the same price as their "Tower of Margaritas:" a tap-operated, 5-foot tall tube loaded with ice and their traditional margarita that would serve everyone 2 margaritas...of course my friends opted for that. Not only this, but he brought out a few flavors when two of my friends didn't like the taste of the regular margarita. 

For food, we all know I needed food. Something. The only redemption was the fact that the corn soup I ordered was brought out right away. This dish just didn't taste that great, but I still knew I needed to eat it. So I did. 

However, when all the main dishes came out, I had just ordered the boneless buffalo wings. How hard is this? Really? These came out and it was like they had them frozen, but then the kitchen had them being cooked in the microwave for the entire duration since when Jimmy Buffet was born. I have never had more dry, tasteless, disgusting chicken in my entire life. I could barely chew it-- not to mention that they were room temperature. I ate about maybe 2-3 out of 12 and let the rest sit there. Absolutely pathetic. The rest of our party ended up with nachos-- a massive heap of tortilla chips with room temperature toppings that tasted old. Shame on you, Margaritaville. 

And, enter Ryan to the rescue (kind of). We didn't want to complain-- we had places to go-- but he craftily split everything at the table on the checks before we even asked; he split the massive margarita into 6, the nachos into 3, a last-minute pitcher of margz into 2, and another entree into 2 or 3. So easy. 

As miserable as I felt, I felt somewhat better towards the end (thank you, soup and water). So, I forced myself to have at least two drinks of the margarita. Unfortunately, I was once again not impressed. Sigh. 

Bottom Line: Three stars for service. Negative 1 for food. Gross.
I'm going to start off by saying that I F'ing LOVE Margaritas. So naturally I love coming here every time I'm in Vegas. The Margaritas were delicious and the selection is pretty darn massive. I like to come here and chill out to get away for the shoulder to shoulder crowds and throw down some delicious Tequila. Side Note: While ordering my margarita at the bar some older man pulled out an 8 Ball of Cocaine and proceeded to cut it up on the bar WAHAHAHAHAH F'ing Vegas.
This place is alright. Friend had the el diablo burger which was pretty good. Everything else was very average-tasting Mexican/American food, though the portions were sufficiently large and filling. Do NOT get the fish and chips, might be the worst fish and chips I've ever had. It looks and tastes more like a giant chicken nugget.

On the plus side, there are people walking around with stilts which are very entertaining. Also, once in a while this girl dressed up as a mermaid dances in a volcano and does a sort of pole dance in a giant blender. So +.5 stars for entertainment, though I would still round down to 2.
Service staff is on island time, good luck finding them.

The fermenting stench from a  garbage can dominated the air above our table. 

The only seating for breakfast was in the open air deck with no cooling apparatuses. Nothing like greeting the Las Vegas morning desert sun with a cup of hot coffee at your table.
So kwame (spelling?) is the best bartender known to Vegas. He exceeded all expectations. He was friendly, had a great pour, and took the time to give our party of 8 helpful tips about Vegas nightlife. 

Beyond Kwame the food was ok. A few people ordered the buffalo chicken tenders. Nothing too special. I mean you can't come to this place expecting gourmet. 

We came her twice in our four day trip. We probably would've came more, but we found out Kwame would not be there for the remainder of the weekend.
This place is ok. Live music but no very many people and strawberry margarita was ok..
Jimmy! Jimmy Jimmy! The service here was horrible. And we never made it to a table. They asked us to wait for a table. Well. OK.  10 minutes not so bad, even though there was 30 empty tables.  Not enough wait staff. Okay. But after waiting 10 minutes, they seated us at a bar in the dining room. Really? We could have sat at the empty bar in the lounge at any time.  I was really ready to share my smile, but, after that we hit the sidewalk for the PBR Rock Grill
My friend and I came here for dinner, we got buffalo chicken wings and the nachos. As for drinks. I got the strawberry daiquiri and my friend got fins to the left, which is a margarita which has blue curacao. She said it was tasty and the strawberry daiquiri was tasty as well. The nachos were huge! perfect for hangovers. Great Service and Great food.
I came here on a work trip to Vegas with a couple co-workers and had their version of a Cadillac (blended) margarita. It was AMAZING and  I will definitely be back!! Definitely pricey though at $12 but that's to be expected...
The food and margaritas are both a huge disappointment for me here... I went to different Margaritavilles in different states and this location is by far the worst. My friends and I ordered uptown margarita, last mango in paris margarita, tropical fruit margarita and perfect margarita. We all agreed that drinks weren't good, they contained very small amount of alcohol and come in regular drinking cups; not the margarita glasses.

 For appetizers, we ordered spinach artichoke dip and for my entree, I had the Jimmy's Jammin Jambalaya. The food is not great at all, BUT service makes up for everything. We had a fantastic waiter and interesting live entertainment. There's a mini show happening every 30 min-1 hour. There's two guys and one lady on walking stilts singing and a blondie dancing around. The finale is when she slides down a volcano into a huge cup of margarita at the bar section. I bet she changes into 15-20 bikinis a day!!!! Poor thing.. When they're not performing, they're crafting balloons for everyone. They made a bow and arrow for me. It was my friend's birthday so they made her a crown  with two hearts and the sign 21 on it. They're super funny and entertaining! Love it!
Friendly staff...good service...alcohol is a little low budget...just doesn't appeal to me for some reason....except the walk up bar...guess I have to give it 4 stars because they are so good though...
This place is a tourist trap. High priced food I can deal with when it is good. I ordered the fajitas steak and chicken combo and no flavor. The onions and peppers were not even cooked just a little burnt from sticking to the skillet. The homemade guacamole was good but the tortillas tasted like plastic. My friend was visiting from out of town and I am a local but I don't mind going to places on the strip if it is worth it. This place is not. The music was loud and the show of dancing guys on stilts making animal balloons did not impress me. My friend got the island pork wrap and said it was ok but not worth coming back for. This service was ok but not great.
Had a really good lunch here. Food was tasty, as were the margaritas! Very nice waiter, and when he went on break, he came to tell us who would be keeping an eye on us. A little while later that guy came over to check on us and chatted for awhile. Felt very well cared for and appreciated it.
Margaritaville was exactly as expected. There are kitchy acts going on that keep the energy up and there is always something to look at while you are eating. The food was good - not great - but solid. It was especially good after a long night of drinking. I didn't order any drinks but I did get an appetizer and a burger. Both were very tasty. But even now that I am thinking back on the meal I can't remember exactly what I ate. Not a good sign! But I do remember being full and happy when I left. The only downside is that our final bill came to over $50 and for two burgers, an app and no drinks, that was pretty crazy. I get that it's Las Vegas, but still, I was surprised! I would like to go back and try the drinks and see if they live up to the hype!
I loved it. Especially since I am a Jimmy Buffet fan.  Great food, I got a salad.  Great atmosphere, errupting volcano, stilt dancers. Good margaritas cant wait to go back.
this place is awesome! I ordered the fajita combo with mushroom - steak and chicken

it was outstanding! the service is great and the atmosphere is SO FUN

they have a show every hour - like a pirates show w a show girl etc

they also have the really tall guys making balloons for kids ( even tho I did not see a single child )

the prices are not bad for Vegas but def worth it since it is Yummy

facility is all lit up and tropical w 2 big screen projectors

def a fun crowd 
they have live music on the weekends!
Had to worst mixed drink here ever....perhaps it has to do with one of their drinks including 151!  Not the best choice.  Large joint with tacky decor, but hey, this IS Vegas.
I went here last Monday at 11:30am and had one of the best Bloody Mary's ever!  The bartender made it exactly as I wished-nice and spicy and because of that I got two!  He was really nice and friendly, my bf and I enjoyed his company as well.   

The decor of the place is fun and typical Jimmy Buffet, just what a tourist wants on vacation!  I didn't see any shows or anything because it was early but still had a nice lunch.  There are also some seats outside in the front for you to catch some rays as well as heat lamps for when it is chilly out in LV.  

I ordered a chicken jerk sandwich which was good with fries!  I also appreciated the large thick paper branded napkins they had.  

There are also lots of photo opportunities inside.  I took a picture with the large green-boozinator?  

Def worth checking out!
My girlfriend and I went into Margaritaville in Las Vegas because we love all the other locations!  Vegas did not disappoint either.  I had the cheese burger in paradise (is there any other?) and my girlfriend had a taco salad.  Both were very tasty as were the perfect margaritas!  We also split the conch fritters to get a taste of key west.  We hung out and watched the band for a little bit and the people dancing.  Great times!

After dinner and a few more drinks, we went into the gift shop.  I was looking for a shirt I had seen in Key West a couple weeks before, but was disappointed when I found out they didn't have it.  A male employee approached and asked if I was finding everything ok, when I told him my story he said I could order it online.  We asked me to hold on and went off somewhere.  A few minutes later he returned with a printed out page of the shirt I wanted as well as the phone number for Key West.  I didn't get his name but I did ask if he was the manager, and he said he was the supervisor.  What great service!

After the gift shop we hit the casino and the bar.  I like when bartenders do tricks while serving the drinks!  What a great time I highly recommend Margaritaville!
Cocktails and margaritas were great, the basic cheeseburger was tasty and the fries were surprisingly good.  Was there on a Friday night and the live band was great with all types of covers from Journey to Beatles to Florence and the Machine.  I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't all Jimmy Buffet music and old people in Hawaiian shirts :)  Will go next time I'm in Vegas!
Margaritaville was exactly what I expected- a chain restaurant on the strip that serves applebees style food for a slightly higher price. Atmosphere here and layout of the restaurant is interesting in a good way. Visited with 3 friends and sat out on the patio for lunch on a weekday. It was a chilly day, so the heaters on the patio would have come in handy, but the one near us did not appear to be working. On to the menu...

After looking at the menu, I had some questions for the server. They were honest about the food, which I always really appreciate. The honesty included this- don't get the fish tacos, they are bad. I don't remember if that's an exact quote, but close enough. I ended up ordering the Caribbean chicken salad, which was fresh and exactly what I was looking for. Definitely a meal sized salad, so if you don't like left overs you may want to ask for a half-portion. I believe my friends ordered burgers and were happy with their choices overall. 

This place is the definition of A-OK. Standard food, fast service, and a convenient location.
Margaritaville has always been one of my go-to breakfast spots in Vegas. On my last trip, however, I was with a (too large) group of girls and we didn't make it in time for breakfast. I was disappointed but decided that lunch was worth a try. Glad we stayed and dined. I ordered the seafood bisque and caesar salad along with a bahama mama. Both food and drink were delicious and fairly reasonable (price-wise) by Vegas standards. The review would have been a 4 but the service was off-it was very friendly, but we spent a lot of time waiting and it wasn't really busy. 

I will certainly be back on future trips.
Came here just for drinks and I wasn't let down. Started off with the margarita with the beer in it and it was GOOD! I don't like beer and I thoroughly enjoyed it. We then moved on to some concoction that had about 3 or 4 liquors in it (one was the "5 o clock somewhere"). I wish we were hungry because the food looked damn good...especially the nachos. I have to go back again.
We stopped here while walking the strip for an early lunch (11:30amish) as family on trip had been before and wanted to try again. This place probably was in its heyday back in the 80's, but it could use about 50 gallons of botox treatment if you catch my drift. 

The service was slow and far from friendly. I would guestimate that 50% of the food served wasn't eaten by the 8 people at the table - you be the judge.and let it be known that you were forewarned!
Wasted away...in Margaritaville.  Was searchin' for a good time and all I found was drunk folk!  Some people claim there is Sin City to blame, but I know...it was all Jimmy Buffett's fault!

TOURIST.  TRAP.  In the middle of the desert.  Mr. Buffett, you have no shame!  But this lack of shame (and the act of being high & lazy most of the time) has made you a very rich man.  You're rich, B!+ch!  Your tropical concoction of a so-called restaurant called Margaritaville is definitely to blame.  You and Kenny Chesney doing a duet anytime soon?  I will be sure to rock my big-rimmed cowboy hat, a tight tank-top, Bermuda shorts, some sandals, and my ukulele.  I want in on some of that moolah you make by pandering to your beloved 'Parrot Heads'.

Seriously, Margaritaville is like the tropics gone loco!  It's like Nathan Drake of Uncharted fame crash landed on a deserted island run by...um...Jimmy Buffett.  Damn, couldn't find a better metaphor!  This place is like a mish-mash of tropical and kitsch all rolled into one!  It's akin to being in on one of Jimmy's LSD induced hallucinations.  Although thinking about it, that might have been the goal.  Margaritaville is probably the place you want to be if you love island living (I'm from Maui but geez this is stretching it), think that all island-dwellers wear brightly colored Aloha shirts all times of the day (most of us actually run around shirtless with spears and use ti leaves as cloth diapers), and have no sense of time (actually, most of us Filipinos don't have a sense of time).  Also, if you love the song 'Margaritaville' you will probably love hanging out at Margaritaville.  I swear, for the hour we were there eating dinner, we heard the song play at LEAST 5 times!  Insane!  And yes, each time there was a bikini-clad woman sliding down a gigantic margarita glass-shaped slide into a pool below.  Drunk, frisky men were in awe (I might have been a little bit in awe as well but that was out of respect for the bikini-clad woman...a real gentleman gives credit where credit is due).

Margaritaville was quite the experience.  Upon being greeted at the host stand, we were showed to another host stand downstairs.  Now for me, this is where the night started.  It is normal to be greeted by an African-American teen, sure.  But being greeted by an African-American teen with, "Yo dawg, how you doin'?  Four?  Right this way." while dressed in khaki shorts, a bright turquoise Aloha shirt with parrots on it, and sporting a bit of a gangsta lean?  Kinda hilarious.  It was a bit like being shown to your table by one of the members of the Wu Tang Clan.  In the middle of the tropics.  But hey, who am I to judge?  A kid's gotta eat.

However, we literally were sat right in the middle of the entire restaurant!  It felt like each table around us was like 10 feet away.  Luckily our server was nice, but a tad on the unattentive side mainly because...we were seated 10 feet away from everyone else.  It's like she had to make a mini trek to get to our table.  

The kids were amused with Margaritaville for all of 10 minutes.  Ooh, an airplane!  Ahh, a slide!  Ooo, palm trees!  After that, eh.  Then all the questions.  "Why is it so noisy in here?"  "How come those people are laughing so loud?"  "Why are they playing this song AGAIN?"  "There are lots of salt shakers here.  How did they lose it?"  I don't know kids, I don't know.  Go back to drinking your margaritas.  

The food at Margaritaville is interesting in concept, but I think the execution comes out as MEH.  Really on the average side.  We came here mainly because the kids wanted to share a round of Margaritaville's famous Volcano Nachos.  This $16 behemoth really did resemble a small volcano!  Ginormous!  Easily could feed 5 people with a mound of tortilla chips topped with chili, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, jalapenos, tomatoes, and green onions.  But honestly, anyone can make nachos.  They tasted okay, but not the best nachos I've ever had.  Chili kinda tasted store bought.  Biggest peeve?  I hate when I have too many nacho chips but not enough cheese!  This volcano of a nacho pile had hardly any cheese when you hit the middle!  If I wanted plain chips I would have asked for plain chips.  It's like that one guy at McDonald's who makes your soft serve cone in a swirl with a big pocket of air in the middle.  Bastard!  

Rest of the food there?  Overpriced!  Come on, $13 for a cheeseburger?  $20 for coconut shrimp?  It's expensive to live in paradise!  Not much different fare than your local chain restaurant.  But the drinks do look tasty.  Besides Volcano Nachos we ended up just ordering two cheeseburgers off the kids menu.  Nothing special.

Margaritaville is open daily, 365 days a year for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Just the way you would figure a crazy island in the tropics.  You can have your island fever fix just about any time of the day.  Just don't forget your sunglasses and your SPF 5000.  It's still Vegas after all!
Another hangout for me love this place
Las Vegas isn't really the idea place to come to Margaritaville. This place lacks the awesome ambiance that you can find in the Caribbean spots. Drinks are small and expensive, and the food is so-so.

 Would have all been better if they hadn't thrown in a 10% extra tax for the band playing. Listen to a mediocre band, and $9 beers became $10 beers, magically. They expect that you are quite aware of this quirk before you sit down, or else it's a nice little surprise when the receipt comes.
I've been to Margaritaville in Key West. I've been to Margaritaville in Jamaica. 

Hell, I had the distinct honor to do a shot with Jimmy Buffett once. Damn right I'm going to hit this Margaritaville while in Vegas.

I ordered a burger, it was alright. I had two island lagers, they were fine. The bill was a little stupid. There was a cover band playing for about 5 minutes when we sat down for dinner. Because of that, it added another 10% "entertainment" tax to my bill, on top of the regular sales tax. I asked my server that if we had waited 5 minutes, would we still have been charged. She laughed, and shook her head.

Right on. Would have been nice to know that before we sat down. To add insult to injury, they didn't even play any Buffett while we were there. 

If your coming to Margaritaville to break your Buffett cherry for the first time, skip the Las Vegas destination.
The server was super friendly and timely. I got the chicken quesadillas while one friend got the coconut shrimp and another the loaded nachos. The food wasn't that good, it was okay, but the portions are HUGE! So if you've got a good appetite this may be the place for you. 

I also liked the vibe of the place. It was nicely decorated with a beach bum theme. The hosts though, weren't paying any attention and you could easily seat yourself.
Went here April 13, 2013 during the day....It was so much fun! Our server did a great job. We asked him what was the best drink to get and he said the "Perfect Margarita"....and it was perfect....all alcohol and some lime juice. WOW. Loved the music, the atmosphere, and the nachos.

 One of the best parts ( and after drinking 2 Perfect margaritas) was going outside on the balcony and high-fiving people walking by. hahah....
Just went this weekend, always a great time and great food! Our waiter Sean made it even better! Such great service & very nice :-)
I always have a lot of fun at this place. I have been to a lot of the Margaritaville's and this is one of my Fav. I love the Nacho and the drinks. This is a must if you come to vegas.
The nachos were HUGE they were pretty good. The margaritas are really good and have a nice kick.
The price is right. Bring your appetite.

I was on a semi-diet while on spring break in Vegas, so I had the grilled chicken ceasar salad. It was good and filling. One of my friends had the avocado turkey burger, which she said was pretty good. My other friend had the chicken quesadilla. They gave her so much that she gave one slice to me, because my salad didn't fill me up. That's what I get for trying to be on a diet in Vegas.

We tried to order margaritas with the bottle of Corona beer in it, but they said they couldn't serve that much alcohol to one person. Something about a law... We could order the drinks separately, but where's the fun in that? I ended up having ginger ale. They had Coronas. 

Go hungry. Leave happy. The price is right.
The Nachos is really good!!! And it is so so Big good for 2 people try it out. I go back all the time to get the Nachos it is  the best
I'm really glad we decided to dine here. There was a bit of a wait at 6:00 on a Tuesday, but we expected it. After we were seated, our server came over and asked if we wanted to hear the drink specials. After he described the sangria (we are not wine drinkers, so we don't usually order sangria) we ordered a pitcher of it, and it was awesome. Our server was great, and very personable. They have people walking around on stilts making conversation and entertaining people. I thought that was a little odd, but they seemed nice. There was a little show during the dinner where they make the volcano "erupt", and the girl slides into the giant blender. It was fun and cute. 

I ordered the jerk chicken sandwich, and it was great. Great flavor, but a little on the messy side. My partner in crime ordered the diablo burger. To both of us, it seemed a little bland and definitely not spicy. 

Overall, I enjoyed my dining experience.
I am a Vegas local and I had some girlfriends in town for a Bachelorette Party. We waited 40 minutes for our table and once we sat down we were shoved in the back corner where we were unable to enjoy the live band and environment. As people walked through the aisle of our table area, I was repeatedly "bumped" which was very annoying throughout the dinner. We ordered a tower of margarita which tasted like sweet and sour infused with salt. They provided us one shot of extra tequila to share and add to our individual margaritas but the drink was still horrible!!!! Out of 9 women, no one drank more than a few sips of their drink which was a complete waste of $65! We waited a little over an hour for our meals and service was slow! Dinners were mediocre as the burgers had a half a head of iceberg lettuce on top which made it difficult to eat. The turkey club was soggy, drenched in mayonnaise & fries were warm and wilted!

At the end of the meal, my friend argued with the manager for 20 mins and they finally discounted the bill by a small margin! None of us cared for the rude remarks! We all work in professional careers where customer service is number one and that was not the case here! 

We will not be returning to this place!
Fun place, especially for happy hours.  They do make a good margaritta, the servings are very big, especially the nachos.  Hamburgers are good.  
--RibChamp
The very best !!
margarita...WHAT??  give me some!!!
Great food and drinks but we didn't like the staff very much. The waitress, Jeana, was rude and when we set up the reservation for the group the neglected to tell us they could only split it four ways. We needed about eight separate checks so it was a bit of a pain for everyone to figure out who to give money to and share a check with.
Lee is the best!!! Great service even when the place is packed!!! We were a party of 10 at the bar, and never had to ask twice!!!
Great steak fajitas!!! I was super hungry after a night of cocktails & craps..I like the liveband and the decor, we'll def be back next time.
Steak fajitas and margaritas were solid. Next time we are getting one of those monster orders of nachos!
My husband and I got married in May, 2013 at the Garden Gazebo at the Flamingo Hotel, immediately followed by a three hour wedding reception at Margaritaville. We reserved the Clipper Room, which is an enclosed space with it's own bar, restrooms and a balcony, and has a $6000 minimum, which we easily surpassed with our 75 guests. Margaritaville offered many different dinner options, included both plated and buffet, but we chose to go with the buffet. Our original coordinator, Sara Ure, met with us a few months before, but was unavailable the week of the wedding, so Beth Wamsley had to pick up the whole thing, and she did an awesome job! Our manager on duty the night of the reception was Bryan, and he was fabulous! We had multiple guests take a moment to tell us how amazing the service was during our reception. Overall, wonderful. 

For those brides to be looking for details: We got the a la carte buffet (pay per person, per dish, for example the mashed potatoes were $3/person), everything we choose was so delicious - apps were the baked apricot brie (so many compliments), and bacon wrapped shrimp. Dinner was tri tip (perfect, delicious), Caesar salad, chicken and artichoke pasta, mashed potatoes, steamed veggies. For dessert we chose a selection from the a la carte desserts - brownies, fruit tarts, chocolate mousse. It was all awesome. Overall I believe with food, tax, service charge for 75  guests we paid about $8,000. 

They can do different table arrangements in the Clipper Room, and they will put table numbers on the tables for you. You can bring in your seating chart or  board the day before the wedding, and they will put it up for you on a table or easel - so, so helpful, thanks again to Beth for doing that! They will also set up a speaker and microphone for people to give speeches, if you want. We had the system ready to go, but since the music was playing and we don't like speeches much, anyway, we skipped it.
This place was amazing, it had great margaritas and live music bands. This is a great spot on the strip to stop and relax eat some good food with of course great company. I recommend the lava lava shrimp!
Bartenders were awesome, had a great time here. Stood outside watching people walk up and down the main strip. Never had trouble getting a drink, good music and comfortable atmosphere.
Avoid! Avoid! Avoid! Unless you like overpriced bland breakfast for $18 stay away and go somewhere nice! Check yelp before eating anywhere in Nevada! Coffee is shit and the rancheros is fucking slop! AVOID!
Ate lunch here with low expectations since a lot of these celebrity/hollywood themed places turn out sucky.
It actually was pretty good.  I had a shrimp salad and my wife had burger and they both were pretty good.  The margaritas (as you would hope) were very good.
While I wouldn't go out of my way to eat/drink here, its definitely a good place to stop in for a bite while walking the strip.
I hate this place. I hate it because I could be checking out a different restaurant but there I am, always coming back for those freaking nachos! Ok, next time i will try and skip Margaritaville but I won't make any promises!
If I could give this no stars I would but it isn't an option.  Food was mediocre and the prices ridiculous for what you got.  Service was worse.  The menu said it had vegetarian options but all that meant was you pay for the same item minus the meat and you don't get any money taken off for removing the meat.  I ordered the vegetarian taco salad and it was atrocious.  It was a taco bowl that was over cooked and shredded ice berg lettuce, a few shreds of cheese (not even an ounce) and 2 red peppers that were the size of my pinky fingernail.  It was a joke. The service was sub-par at best.  The music is so loud you can't talk to someone sitting next to you and trying to order was challenging at best.  The server can't hear your order and you have to shout at them.  I guess that's why the server never came back to check on us or ask us if we needed anything.  We had to keep flagging down other servers or bus boys to get water refills.  There are better restaurants on the strip that will at least give you better food and service for the same high prices.
PERFECT margaritas!!! Absolutely recommend sitting at the top and people watch the strip. Didn't get a chance to eat from the menu, but will next time! Hip hoppin cool place!
Here's my FAST review:
Food:  Good for the price
Ambiance:  Nice boat theme
Service:  Average, not bad, but not outstanding either
Thought:  (Spoiler Alert) I hope you enjoy music by James Buffett, b/c you will get lots of it! lol
I really enjoyed this restaurant and have been there several times.   This time service was slow slow slow in the bar.  Could have been that we were seated next to a giant party.   Other wise ambiance is fantastic, love the music....the decor.  Service is friendly.   Make a reservation if you can as this place fills up fast!!!!!
I really, really wanted to love it here. It was only okay. We went in on a Friday night at about 10 with a group of 8. The server took forever to take our orders, bring our food, refills, etc. The food was only okay, just warm not hot, when it came to the table. The music was great and it had a terrific vibe. Maybe it was just not our night there.
I love margaritaville! Everytime I come to Vegas I always need to make a stop here. I have never actually sat down and had a meal here, but the bar at the entrance is amazing! Today our experience was more exceptional than usual. We had a bartender named Jon, if you ever come, find him at the bar, he's super friendly, knows all the Vegas hot spots and makes for a super fun experience! I highly recommend this place to anyone. They have great skinny margaritas and an awesome drink called the habana banana (I think thats what it was called!)
This was my first time at Margaritaville. They had cool decor. I thought the boat tables and volcano were cool. We shared the Jamaica Mistaica chicken wings as an appetizer. They were really good! The sauce was tasty, just a little kick - not really spicy at all. I got the fish sandwich - blackened. I wasn't expecting anything great, but there were two big pieces of fish on my sandwich. It was really good, and the seasoning was delicious. My friend ordered the taco salad, and it looked delicious. She said it was. We were both surprised that we were happy and stuffed before even finishing our meals. I would definitely come here again.
This place wasn't bad for a chain restaurant, never been to one of these, wouldn't go back, but it served its purpose in Vegas.  One of those places you go when you fly in and don't get into your hotel until after midnight and don't know your way around the Strip.  We stayed on the strip at Bally's and this place was in the Flamingo.  I'm not a Buffet fan,m so it didn't have my appeal but my lady said they had good margaritas and they did.  WE both had burgers and gotta say, pretty good.  This place was pretty loud and raucous, felt kinda like being at a frat party down south in Tennessee with a cover band cranking out today's biggest hits.  Our tab came to about 52 bucks for two burgers and two drinks total.  The service was surprisingly good for being as loud and crowed and crazy as it was.
My boyfriend and I stopped in to use a $25 dining voucher I got from our hotel--one staff member highly recommended Margaritaville's Seafood Mac & Cheese, so we definitely had to go check it out. 

We ended up splitting the bowl of Mac since neither of us were too hungry...it didn't look like much, but the sauce was super rich (very tasty) and made the dish very filling. This was probably one of the best bowls of mac & cheese I've ever had, and I was sad I couldn't stuff the whole thing in my face. 

I gotta say, I loved the decor...kinda cheesy, but really fun. As a closet country fan, I loved the crap out of the music videos they projected on the wall. 

AND: the best part of our experience...our server Beth B. kicked ass. She was really attentive, very patient in answering all our questions and making sure we had everything we needed, and made us feel really welcome even though I felt like a total cheapskate for paying with a voucher. But we'll definitely be back next time to spend some real money :D
After having spent a couple of months this year in Key West, and having several meals at the original Margaritaville, we had to check out Margaritaville in Vegas. The restaurant is very nice with a fun environment, and great service (thanks Dave T!). We were surprised to find the conch fritters in Vegas much better than in Key West. We will definitely be back.
This is a fun restaurant to visit when in Vegas!    The beach/Caribbean theme is over the top!   The waitstaff is funny.  They had a woman on stilts walking around making great balloon animals.  We ate dinner on the roof top bar.  This section has great views of the strip (Ceasers, part of Ballagio)  We had appetizers and drinks.  They were all good!
It was super hot so my friends & I wanted something cold to cool us down. Decided on the Euphoria Daiquiri. Tried the Mango and the Wild Berry. Mango is sweeter and Wild Berry is more tart for those who like it sour. 

I am a lightweight when it comes to alcohol but I didn't feel much after drinking it so it's safe for you one shot wonders out there :)
We always have to make this one of our stops in Vegas!
This is our favorite spot for drinks on the Strip! The Perfect Margarita is truly perfect (and this is coming from a Texan).  The house margarita is a little sweet and weak, so pay the extra couple bucks and get the Perfect.  The Loaded Landshark is good too.  

 The food is nothing remarkable, and actually my veggie burger was just plain gross.  But the nachos were tasty, and everyone else's salads and sandwiches were fine.  We only had one meal here but came back almost every day for a drink.  Service was fast and friendly and the atmosphere is fun.  Definitely worth stopping in while you're in town!
I have been here a few times, but this review is for my most recent visit. Let me say that I like coming here because of the relaxed and fun atmosphere. I have sat in both the bar area and the restaurant area. Last time I came here, I ordered a burger which was great, and a side Caesar salad which I had to ask the person who brought our food to our table for since it seems like the waitress didn't put it in my order. I was really disappointed with my salad and didn't even really eat it because the lettuce was soggy :-( . I don't know why my salad was like this because I've ordered one every other time I have come here and it has never been gross. Whoever made my salad should have paid better attention to it. Also, our waitress only came to our table twice: once to take our order, and then again to drop off the check. I was disappointed that I never got any refill on my water considering it was over 100 degrees outside that day. I felt like the tables around us were getting such better service. Being a local, it might be weird that I have been here so often, but I'm not sure when I will be back since I really don't like bad service and wilted , soggy lettuce in my salad, yuck!
This review is for the restaurant only. We came here a couple of days ago and were very disappointed, especially for the price. Half the place is under construction so you can't eat and watch people walking on the strip. Everything was way overpriced. For the same prices you could eat at a much nicer place on the strip. I food was unimpressive. The nachos were really big but nothing to write home about taste-wise. Burgers and soup were just ok and again, overpriced. We will not be coming back to this place. Save your money and go somewhere that is worth the cost.
After 20-something trips to Vegas and not visiting this super convenient popular strip
Institution, I finally visited margaritaville in my last stay at Caesars...twice!  Once for breakfast and once for dinner.

For breakfast: I decided to go for the 'griddle combo', which was basically every breakfast food you can imagine on your plate, for $15...French toast and regular toast...in the same meal!...anyways it was a ton of carbs, my over medium eggs came out over (very) hard.  I don't think I would come back here for breakfast, but it did hit the spot after a few too many drinks the night before.

For dinner: I ended up getting a burger for dinner and a margarita on the rocks.  This was a much better meal than the breakfast one and considering we were sitting on a patio overlooking the heart of main part of the strip very reasonably priced.  The margarita was definitely the highlight.  Looking back I probably should've tried something a little more adventurous than a burger (jerk chicken? Seafood Mac & cheese?).
i had so much fun here!!!!! i love the margaritaville slot and casino theme. the dealers were so nice and fun, and it's really a party atmosphere and not like a serious gambling spot. 

i didnt eat here but they DO have a veggie burger (not sure if it's vegan!) but i have to say the drinks are great and it's a fun place to hang out
Great blackened fish sandwich.
You can't go wrong with good tequila and great bartenders!
Loaded Landshark!! great service. Good food. It's a bit pricey but it's Vegas. $19.99 for Tilapia?!?! Thats a bit high.
A great spot for drunk touristas and gullible locals. I have a hard and fast rule; I don't eat at places that allow, much less encourage the patrons to wear balloon hats. They have staff on stilts and the music is obnoxious. That being said, the food isn't bad. Seafood mac and cheese is killer, and who ,does not like a shot of tequila or five? If you don't mi d a circus like atmosphere, drunk touristas, and aren't scared of balloons give it a try. Tell em Jimmy sent you!
This is a nice place inside the Flamingo Hotel on the strip
This place was great. We brought our family here and the food was great. I had the corn and clam chowder soup and it was delicious.  This would be a great place for families visiting Vegas. My kids liked all the cool stuff to look at and the people on stilts walking around who were making balloon hats and figures for them.  One of the best places we went to eat during our visit to Vegas with our family.
Margaritas- uptown top shelf frozen was great! Heard on the rocks is even better. The perfect margarita was fantastic, small but great.

Food appetizers were all good and served a lot of. They don't short change on the portions. Wife ate the coconut shrimp and I had the Monterey chicken sandwich also very good. Service is great as well as cleanliness. If you love Buffet, good food and drinks this is a must do when in Vegas. 

Fins Up!!
We walked the strip for what seemed like hours (only about 10 minutes) and needed something refreshing. He happened upon Margaritaville when a girl handed us and card with drink specials outside so we thought, why not?
We sat in the back and ordered up a few margaritas and pina coladas. Everything was definitely tasty and if I was ever to set foot in here again, I'd want to be sitting in one of those cute little boat tables. 

We came back the next night night to have a few more tasty bevies and my only complaint is, my boyfriend had left his phone on the bar (there was nobody else sitting at or around the bar but us and a bartender behind the bar) we were in deep conversation so he didn't notice till we were about to leave, that his phone was gone. He spoke to the bartender who refused to be any help whatsoever. He wouldn't check the cameras or do anything to help the situation. We were not impressed with this at all and the're only a few directions to point at since the only people in close vicinity was us and the bartender. 

This incident kinda soured me toward these kinds of Vegas establishments.
I HAD to go here for breakfast because it's Margaritaville and where else can you get breakfast at Margaritaville than Vegas?  I had the French Quarter omelet and a margarita.  Toward the end of breakfast service, they restrict seating to the bar and a small dining area.  I sat at the bar and got my drink well before my meal.  There's nothing like getting buzzed before breakfast.  Seriously, the staff was friendly and the food was great.  A must do in Vegas.
Chain in Vegas. Food was OK, service was quick at the bar.
Disappointing. Service not too bad but the "signature" cheeseburger was the disappointment. It wasn't bad, just wasn't good. No taste to it. The waitress wasn't overly concerned, just the usual "Sorry". Not a terrible experience but not a place worth returning to.
If you don't know where to begin to start your "Fun in the Sun" I always recommend my clients and owners Margaritaville. The name itself is Epic!
Every time I go to Las Vegas, I make sure I hit this Margaritaville. This last trip was amazing. We were in a hurry to make a show and our waiter, Danny was top notch. He got our food out to us quickly and accurately and he was warm and friendly. Spectacular!
Received a reply to my first review so, we went back to give Margaritaville another try.  To my surprise they've changed the menu.  So I tried the fried chicken.  My wife got it in Memphis and said it was great.  Still skeptical of my last experience I tried it.  The chicken wasn't dried out and the mashed potatoes were good.  Wouldn't say it was the best chicken i've had but a major step in the right direction.  Still love the lava lava shrimp.
Jimmy Buffett creates an empire on a one hit wonder-Genius!  Parrot Head Heaven.
Went to Margaritaville with some friends on Friday night 8/30.   Food is mediocre.  Atmosphere is expected for this type of establishment.  We had the basic Margaritas on the rocks-a little pricey for mostly margarita mix.  
Had the combo fajitas-so, so.
Shared Volcano Nachos-nothing special.
If you want a party atmosphere with average food at high prices, this is the place.  For serious mexican food and margaritas, there are plenty of other places in Vegas.
Great for kids!

We're on a family trip to Las Vegas with 3 kids (1, 3, & 5) and are always on the lookout for places we can go with them.  We stopped in at 5:30 on a Sunday and it was busy but not packed.  I'd highly recommend the 3rd floor (rooftop) level, they were very accommodating and the kids loved the view.  As it got dark, we could see lots of lights and the Bellagio fountains during some parts of that show.  

WARNING:  The kids meals are enormous.  We easily could've fed all 3 kids with one meal.  

We paid just under $100 for the whole family (that included a margarita for both adults).
On our 1st anniversary trip to Vegas, we checked out Margaritaville located in Flamingo. We had the tacos and flavored margaritas which were nice. It was very festive inside with live music. Had fun. This place is recommended for families with kids
Really not that good. Strong doesn't equal Perfect (Margarita).  Jambalaya okay, not great.  Wait staff going through motions.  Spend your Vegas dollars elsewhere .
My Aunt and Uncle were visiting from out of town and we were thinking of a fun place to take them to. I have been to Margaritaville a few times but it has been about 3 years ago. I thought they would enjoy the atmosphere and the floor show they have with the volcano and the girl sliding down into the big margarita pitcher. Here is a list of my total experience there:
1. Called ahead and got priority seating which worked out good- highly recommend I did ask about the balcony outside but it was closed that night. No problem I thought they will enjoy the floor show

2. Ordered Chicken Caesar Salad- Not very big- soggy crouton and some soggy lettuce chicken was good but not very much.

3. Waited all through dinner to see the floor show(see above).after dinner the lights dimmed the margarita pitcher started to change color and bubble. The volcano started to steam- oh the anticipation!!! Then it stopped- that was it!!!! Asked our waiter who said that the water was bad! What? Very disappointing after talking it up to the relatives!!! 

I don't know when we will be back but I won't order that salad and I will call and ask about the show!
horrible!  $8 drafts!!  ridiculous!
Surprisingly the food was excellent Long with the perfect margarita. Strong and the sandwiches were so big and filling we had a late dinner. Would recommend.
This place is great ! Good food and service. 5 stars and I am under 50 years old!
We are locals and this used to be our favorite restaurant. We had the locals card and would get a discount when we ate at the restaurant. The last time we dined there, I gave my locals card to the waiter when we ordered. At the end of the meal when we got our check I asked for my locals card back. I also noticed we did not receive a discount on the check. The waiter brought the card back CUT UP and told me they no longer accepted it, and that I needed to join the fins up club for special offers through email.  I didn't appreciate that he cut up my card -I would have liked to saved it as a souvenir. I thought that was pretty rude. We haven't gone back And don't plan to.
Great place to come for a gluten free meal on the strip. Full gluten free menu with really good choices. Doesn't feel like you're missing out on a thing! Not to mention the frozen lime margaritas are awesome. Our server was cheerful, attentive and very aware of gluten allergies. She even gave me tips on other gluten free locations in the area. And the manager stopped by to check in with me since I had an allergy. Very good experience.
Eh... Its really cool looking, food is good, a little over priced.. Crappy happy hour.. Its an okay experience.. Waitress was a little overwhelmed and not so happy.. I probably wouldn't go back for there $10 little margaritas.. They weren't bad but I wasn't impressed..
We got to vegas early so we hit up this spot for breakfast. Their crispy French toast is so yummy. It's covered in corn flakes and tastes like a churro. Heavenly! 

Unfortunately, they don't serve nachos until 11am and that was the main reason we went there to eat....so we came back later that afternoon and ordered the nachos that we were told were so amazing. 

3 plates of nachos and two plates of chili cheese fries. In all honesty, I enjoyed the chili cheese fries more than I did the nachos. I found that the tortilla chips were too salty. 

And a word of advice, come hungry or plan to share those plates with friends because they're HUGE!!

Good service, fun atmosphere, food that's pretty good. 4 stars.
Went to Margaritaville again, and this time had the experience that I expect. I had a Caesar salad again and thankfully the lettuce was not bad this time. As always, loved their margaritas.
The food was ok.  It's like your typical beach restaurant.  The one dish that I really liked was their coconut shrimp.  I could gobble up a plate full of that stuff like there's no tomorrow!
Awesome food, atmosphere, and service!  Get there early so you don't have to wait for a table.  So good!
First actual place on our drinking tour (post bachelorette party) of the Boulevard was Margaritaville.

We had originally wanted to sit at one of the bars, but apparently Sunday afternoons while football is on and it's beautiful outside makes for a hard time to get two spots. 

So we got classic margaritas from the small to-go bar, and wandered on our way. It was easy, fresh, quick, and the bartenders were super nice and non-Las Vegasy. 

We chatted in line with a big dude who was talking football and making our drinks extra special. Why hate on the tourist trap (because that's what the restaurant really is), when the tender pours an extra shot in each drink. Sign me up.
We went to Margaritaville for a BIG 50 person get together. We were the second couple to show up when the waitress (Cindy) came up to us and said she would "not serve me" at this table. Since it was already occupied by our friends. She said they already ordered and it was their table. I said thats fine and she left. A few minutes later "Cindy" the waitress came back and again told me I would not be served even after she was told to put everything on friends tab. This time i was not so nice and told her to get a Manager and she left. Well thats when she found out there was a party of 50 coming so she came back Kissing my butt . By this time I had enough and asked for a Manager again. I told her that this was unacceptable and NO ONE should have been refused service like she did to me. I would not take the free beer and for her to get a Manager and to Go Away! Well (Tom, not a Manager) took over the Table and Oh BOY did we get good serves after with (TOM) . He was willing to serve anyone with separate checks. He did it all. Tom saved my night , attitude and really Cindy.

I will tell you one thing. I have NEVER been treated as POORLY as the Waitress (Cindy) treated us. I have also called Margaritaville to report (Cindy) as well.
Margaritaville is a perfect fit for Las Vegas: a loud, tacky, Caribbean-themed bar and restaurant.  Considering what it is and where it is, however, the food, drinks, and prices here aren't too bad-- and the place is actually kinda fun (if you can stomach Jimmy Buffet).

I ordered a Cuban sandwich (roasted pulled pork, ham, mustard, Swiss cheese, and pickles, served with fries: $12.99) and a "Fins to the Left" cocktail (margarita with some blue shit in it, on the rocks: $9.50).  The service was on the slow side, not unexpected considering how busy the place was.  

At one point, the house lights dimmed and thunder, lightning, and other theatrical elements throughout the restaurant announced the beginning of several "live" singing and dancing performances of classic Buffet tunes.  Oh, boy.
To update my issue
I did call Tuesday and was told all Managers were in a Meeting. She took my name and number and promised a call back. Guess what 2 days later and NO CALL Back. There are way to many places in Vegas better then this place. This is the first time I have ever gone out of my way to complain, now I see, why bother. They dont care!
I  was in town for a meeting and group of us was looking for a place we could all have dinner together. The servers at Margaritaville made it happen. They were super friendly and accommodating, especially considering they were dealing with a group of 15 people. The orders were taken and delivered  prompt and efficient manner without sacrificing friendliness or personality. The food was similar to other margaritaville restaurants I've been too. It was consistently ok. Not amazing, not terrible. Just ok. The drinks however, were wonderful.
So with all the places to eat in Vegas, how did this Yelper end up at a chain? Well, let's just say it wasn't my choice :)  We also had some timing issues, as we were about to go to a show.  

    Busy Tuesday night, but we got right in, probably because we didn't care where we sat, which was a good thing, because we were given a table with little to no view of the "show".  But that's what legs are for...standing up and moving to where you CAN see the show.  (something I did, but Husband didn't, which was his loss as it was cute entertainment that involved a gal in a bikini, water, splashing and guys on stilts)

    We were definitely away from the balloon hat guy also.  And away from quick service and drink refills, but not too bad.

    Not starving, we decided to share a Caesar Salad and the Triple Decker Club.  (Husband was in need of something pretty plain).   And that's what we got.  Plain.  The salad tasted like one of those plastic bag "kits" you can buy at the grocery store.  
The sandwich was decent.
A must stop for us every time we're in Vegas.  I always get the Island Lime Cooler and the Stranded on a Sandbar (both are no longer on the drink menu but the bartenders can still make them).  My fiance sticks with his perfect margarita - it's basically a tequilla martini. lol  

Beware the nachos (in a good way)!  They can feed an entire army.  And if that wasn't enough, you can add chicken/steak to them too.  

IMO, the menu lacks some quality and variety, but I mostly come here for the drinks.  

Very disappointed that they no longer do the shows or play videos of Jimmy Buffet concerts.  Boooo.. dropped my rating to a 3 because of this.
Never been to this place, never heard of it. Head of Margaritaville thanks to Jimmy Buffet but I never knew there was a restaurant until I came to Las Vegas. We started off with drinks; I got my wife a "Perfect Margarita" which was very strong on the liquor and the price. Yet, if you can get buzzed off of just one drink than you paid mostly for liquor so I would call it an even trade. I had a Bahama Mama that was fair to midland, I could have done without the drink. I didn't have a lot of hope for the food just by looking at the menu. I ended up ordering the Jambalaya which did not look like Jambalaya that I have seen in photos but it did taste good and I ended up taking the other half home with me to eat later. Since we had a group of 6 we decided to have some chips and salsa (which in my experience you don't get charged for) and they ended up charging it for us so me and my wife along with our drinks spent about $70 together for lunch. I ate for much cheaper in Vegas at other locations. I would not say this place was bad, it is what it is but if I want to get a better deal I will look around if I can.
Huge disappointment.  I've been going to Margaritaville since it opened, taking friends out for the amazing mountain of nachos. Parrot Heads Beware, at 9 PM the extremely loud obnoxious bam bam bam dance music starts, and there is no more conversation. Taking some lawyer friends out for drinks and conversation, it was over when the music started.  You couldn't hear the server, and were yelling across the table to communicate.  Nothing like the terrific bands they had in the past. If the management thinks putting in this obnoxious music will increase business, they need to go out a look at their client demographic.  I will not go back as long as they continue to ruin the Jimmy Buffett atmosphere.  In my view, a horrible business decision.  Dozens of guest around us were all upset at the volume and music choice in this once clearly themed venue.
Great Food, Great Service, Great Atmosphere...

Crazy right? A chain like Margaritaville has great food, great service and a great atmosphere? NO really - if you visit this chain restaurant the hospitality won't disappoint.  

It was our first night in Las Vegas, as were walking around and looking for something to eat we came across Margaritaville.. I wanted to try this when we were in Key West but my hubby wouldn't let us... So I won this argument.. 

We came inside, which had a different seating process. (You visit the hostess, who prints out a name and table, take this to the dinning room, where one of the staff members will seat you) Upon being seated we were greeted warmly by our waiter who took our drink orders and appetizer. Shortly after he arrived with our drink orders and promptly took our dinner order. 

Appetizer: Hot Spinach and Artichoke Dip - this was brought out in a piping-hot plate with warm tortilla chips, and topped with some grated Romano and Parmesan cheese. It was quite good, I couldn't complain because we've had some really crappy spinach and artichoke dips. It was quite flavorful and hot. (they got the basics)

Dinner: We had the Mixed Fajitas (Chicken and Steak) - which came out on a sizzling platter topped with vegetables (onions, carrot, etc), a plate of warm tortillas, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and salsa on the side. THIS MEAL IS BIG ENOUGH FOR TWO - trust me on that ( we didn't even finish it) The great thing about these Fajitas was that the meat and veggies weren't just thrown on the grill and cooked... They were actually seasoned - not overly seasoned but just right.

The waiter was great - I asked him if he knew any hookah bars in the area and he even went and asked other servers and staff (wrote it down on paper and gave it to us) 

Atmosphere: The the atmosphere was great, its a great fun place to visit - they even had a DJ on the stage playing some great songs (mix of both country, hip-hop, and even pop).
A lot going on in this place, if you like action this place is for you. It's like a circus performance in there, literally. Good bar and seating throughout. Don't order the volcano nachos, well below average. The plate lacks substance as I found myself eating mostly chips and cheese. Not worth it.
Always great,

Luv this place!!!
We ate here on 12/10/13. Food was good deal. Huge plate of nachos for 15.99$ pleanty to feed 4 people. Atmosphere was good. Had a live band.

Reason for 3 star is.... 
  #1. Service was decently slow
  #2. My wife is pregnant and she ordered a VIRGIN drink. We both had a drink of hers. It was good but at the end of the meal we got our bill and noticed they charged us for a NON-VIRGIN DRINK.... we were both in a bit of a panic. We asked the server if it was just a mistake on the check. But it was not!!! The server stood there in shock and said " I don't even know what to do" . My wife amongst crying told the server to take it off. Which they did. The server told us that she was sorry and that she couldn't even tell she was pregnant.... It doesn't matter! If someone asks for a VIRGIN drink you better make sure it is!
As a young 20 year old, I love coming here. I've spent several fuzzy nights here eating and drinking. The food I did not enjoy that much, not a big fan of a sesame bun I guess... 

ONE of the reasons I love the place is obviously their relentlessness commitment to Jimmy freakin' Buffet. Everything screams Jimmy Buffet. But that is all obvious, the MAIN reason I come back to this restaurant is because they have one of my favorite places in Vegas.... In the main bar up front there is a fairly small balcony/outdoor area. Its about 3-4 feet above the strip's sidewalk, with a railing to lean on. In my opinion, the best place in Vegas to people watch. Just low enough to see the faces, just high enough so that people wont hit their heads on your beers.


 Some of the best times of my Vegas life have been talking with my friends on that balcony and yelling at pretty girls as they walk by. 

**small tip. Get a Loaded Corona not a Loaded Landshark. Corona bottles have longer necks, fits more tequila.
Fried squeaky cheese. 

It's a saving grace.  I was fairly resistant to coming here, I've seen too much of this kind of thing on Spring Break in the awful parts of Florida and was pretty damn sure the middle aged version would be far worse. But the group prevailed.

Hey.... it's not so bad in here. We found a table where the music wasn't audible, the drinks weren't priced any worse than any other bar and at least here they pour strong, the a/c worked but not too cold, and then the fried cheese curds arrived. Little salty fatty cheesy blobs of Heaven. 

I won't be wasting away here, but I would come back.
A shout out to our awesome waitress, Jennifer Hales, who provided incredible service!  Good food, great ambience, fabulous margaritas!  Highly recommend the margarita flight!  Your fans, the Birthday celebrants from the bay area.  Jennifer, stay away from the whiskey...  :-)
It's Jimmy Buffet all over the place. It's a little much but it's not unusual since it's Las Vegas and it's a very tacky white people type of place. The server was awesome I forgot her name but she was great. We ordered the blender with the Bahama Mama. It's an alternative if you aren't a fan of Margaritas. It's fruity, gives you that island feel and it tastes amazeballs. We split it with a group of friends and it's about 4.5 drinks, give or take. Pretty tasty stuff and I would come back just for that. Can't say anything about food since we just got that drink.
Being a country music fan, this is a place I felt like I needed to visit at one point in my life. I was a little underwhemled with the "crowd" [it was pretty dead] but it was a cold week night so I'll cut them a break. The band was pretty good, but didn't pull any people out onto the dance floor. My friend and I ordered some nachos...pretty freaking good. and huge! Enough to feed like 4 people! She had a drink but wasn't too fond of it. Bar tenders were nice. Hopefully next time I visit, it's much more exciting.
We stopped in here for a meal while in Vegas. The theme and decor are fun. A must visit for any Jimmy Buffett fan! My mom and I split the fish and chips meal. Very tasty! It was a good portion and filled us up. The service was just ok.
Great customer service! After I comment about a bad experience I had with my pregnant wife getting a alcoholic drink instead of virgin like we ordered. The next day I got emails from corporate apologizing for what happen. I was really impressed with our fast and understanding they were.

share the nachos!!!
This is always on my list of places to eat at when in Vegas. Love their Coconut Shrimp! Nachos are great too! Margaritas are delicious! Can't go wrong with eating here! Music can be a tad too loud & it makes it hard to hear the waiter or the people you are dining with but its a fun place to eat at!
Margaritaville is a great place to stop by and drink on the strip. It's actually become our favorite place to pregame.. Basically due to our favorite Bar-tender, Tom. The guy makes a perfect 'Perfect Margarita' and makes me and my sibs feel so welcomed. 
Thanks Tom! Heading to the strip now, see you in a few!
Fine dining? No. Good service and decent food? Absolutely. 

As a Buffet fan, I like the theme and ambiance at Margaritaville. It's just a fun place to have some drinks, listen to some tunes and grab some food if you're so inclined.

Stopped by with some co-workers for a no-fuss, easy dinner at CES this week and Margaritaville hit the right marks.

Our server was really friendly and fast, also quick to fix a miscommunication regarding a side Caesar side salad.

Drinks were cold and plentiful and my Cheeseburger in Paradise hit the spot.
This review is based off only one visit which was for a company holiday party in which we had an entire section to ourselves.  The catering for the event was pretty good, and the employees were constantly coming around with trays of food and serving drinks.  The atmosphere I thoguht was perfect for a party.  We were up on the 2nd level, with seating on the balcony overlooking the strip.  They have several heat lamps to keep people warm during the colder winter hours.  I am not a drinker, but from what everyone else was saying, the drinks were good too.  I feel like this was the best company party location we have had in the 6 years I have been with my current employer, so hopefully we come back again.
Gotta love some Jimmy Buffet and I do, but there is a limit to everything.!  But when on a girls-weekend..its perfect. The nachos are good..believe what you hear. They can feed 4 easy, so order accordingly. I had a ham panini - it was actually one of the best meals I had all week. Kinda of a Cuban panini... tasty. One chick had the Wedge Louie Salad.. she wasnt that impressed. The iceberg didn't look that great. Another had chicken wings, they were a hit. Service was friendly and considering the crowd, speedy enough. The deco is fun and makes you want to go to Florida. The Margaritaville casino is 'cute' but wasn't very busy. The food is solid, well priced for the portions. A good deal on the strip.
I never would have opted to dine at Margaritaville (despite being a Buffet fan), but went with a group and didn't really have a choice in the matter. 

1. The food I ordered was good. I had a fish sandwich and fries and coleslaw. I enjoyed it. 

2. The show that they put on is SO damn hokey that I stared in open-mouthed horror/amazement. It's a good place to take kids; however, it's not my cup of tea. Mostly I felt terrible for the performers who had to put on the show every hour.  The show involves performers on stilts, costumes, singing along, clapping, and a water slide.  And topped off with balloon sculpting (if that's what it's called) hats for select patrons. 

3. We had a friendly server who was patient with dealing with a large group (9 people) for dinner. She did well except for some issues splitting up the bill. 

4. The food and drink prices are pretty high and I'll assume part of that is due to the fact that it's Vegas and most of the food/drink there is costly (in my humble opinion). I thought it was overpriced, but it's Vegas so I'm not surprised or complaining. 

5.  One member of our party had a rare (medium rare, maybe?) cheeseburger and was the unlucky recipient of food poisoning a few hours after we left. There was no doubt that was what it was from. It was not from another restaurant, nor was it the flu. Based on that alone, I have to go with one star.
After ordering a drink that tasted a little funny I returned to the bar and noticed a foul odor and several fruit flies. I looked around and noticed a health code violation.  Drinks were stacked on top of each other and gathering condensation. Trying to be discreet, I told the bartender. He looked at me like I was stupid. I then requested to speak to the manager- this is the kind of thing that will shut a place down! I explained the concern to the manager and he immediately began removing the stacks and agreed with the observation. He then proceeded to wash the glasses over again and place then properly without stacking. Glad they took note of an observation but why do the bar staff not know proper procedure? Yuck! Sorry I had a drink here!
I was not impressed with the menu. been to a few others around the country, but this one seemed to have a lesser menu. Staff is nice, clean place. nice atmosphere. Way too loud. They play music at "club" levels & you can't hear anyone speaking around you.
Every time I am in vegas I stop off to get dinner here at least once. My wife and I went on 1/21/14 and we were not impressed. For the first time ever we left thinking we would have been better off eating somewhere else. We got two orders of wings, one was waaaayyyyy to spicy and the other waaaayyy to sweet. Ive ordered them at least a dozen times but that night neither flavor was very good. The band playing was so-so and we have for sure seen much better there. We found ourselves praying for the music to stop so we could have a conversation. This was the only time we didn't enjoy our time there and Im sure the food was the main issue. I mean heck the better the food the more fun you have and the more you get into the band that's playing. But not that night.
This is the third Margaritaville we have been to...Key west was def. the best (food-wise), but this location had the best entertainment. The nachos are a must at any location! Pretty cool to grab a bite to eat, enjoy the show, then play a hand or two of Blackjack next door.
Awesome place! Kevin is an awesome bartender too, he gave out a few free rounds and he's got some impressive skills.
This is more like 3.5 stars. I love the fun atmosphere at Margaritaville restaurants. This is one of my favorites, and we have been to almost all of them. Great drinks!! Get the Perfect Margarita, but, be careful, you will feel it in the morning. Try Volcano nachos and wings, cannot go wrong. Wasting away indeed in Margaritaville...
I will always make it a point to stop at margaritaville when the opportunity arises! It's a fun place to listen to some jimmy and have a nice frozen drink. 
I had the Havana banana frozen drink and I was in love. It was very filling but so good I couldn't stop sipping!!! Also, they have a dedicated gluten free menu and gluten free buns!! I was excited about that! The service seemed slow and the servers were a bit careless just meandering around but at least we had some island tunes to distract us.
New menu as of December. Big mistakes. Weird combos of sweet and salty on the burgers. Dangerous crack on the wooden plate the quesadilla came on, no idea how they think this is considered safe. It's uncleanable. Can't be washed. Service took forever too. Go elsewhere, or if you must come, go with the $5 tacos. They were good.
I've always been a fan of Jimmy Buffett, so when a few friends suggested we grab some food at Margaritaville, my mouth started to water for a salty rim, full of tequila. However, I was disappointed with this location [I've been to the one in Orlando], for the following reasons.

1. It was packed. Being in the serve industry, I know things get busy and I tend to get annoyed with patrons that bitch and moan about a wait. I wasn't one of those people, but some in my party were. I explained to them the sitch, so they calmed down. After all, we did have a 12 pack to drink, while we waited. 
2. We were seated shorter than our wait time, and brought back towards the bar. It took our server a good 12 minutes to greet us, and by that time we had figured out our orders, as we were just going to split a handful of apps to save a few bucks.
3. The food was meh. I wasn't impressed with the nachos, but did find the wings to be pretty good.
4. Prices were much higher than i've ever seen them...this is vegas of course.

Overall, it wasn't anything special and didn't ooze the typical JB charm. Oh well, we can't win them all.
Play the amazing drinking game we invented. Hang out on the balcony outside the lower bar and take a shot anytime someone runs into the fire hydrant on the sidewalk! And the crab shrimp dip is great!
Very good food and drinks! Went here for lunch and I would recommend trying it. I had the fish tacos with rice and black beans. My table also ordered sweet potato fries as an appetizer. Overall I would come back again for sure.
I am local, and this is one of my most favorite places to bring my out-of-towners. It's in a central location, it's super fun, and the food is great. 

It is usually pretty busy, but with three floors of seating, you'll usually get yourself seated in under 20 minutes. There's plenty to do while you wait: gamble in the Margaritaville casino, check out the gift shop, catch a drink at one of the many bars (try the Landshark "loaded," you won't regret it), play the Ringmaster game, watch the Volcano show (on the hour every hour), or people watch on the balcony outside. For a fantastic view, go upstairs to the 3rd floor. It's not always open, so just ask the staff first. 

They recently revamped their menu with some fantastic offerings. I've tried most everything on the menu, and it's all fantastic. Their burgers are to die for. 100% beef and worth the try! New crab cake sliders are a great snack if you aren't too hungry. Their blended adult drinks...you gotta get one. It's a must, but be warned: as good as they taste, they WILL sneak up on you. My personal favorite is the Havanas and Bananas. 

The show is a little hokey, as one reviewer pointed, out...but that's the entire point! And you don't have to pay for it! At night they have a on-stage DJ that spins appropriate tunes.

The staff really gets into the spirit of the tropics here. They are all very friendly and attentive.
Food was reasonably priced for Strip food. The gimmick is OK. Server was good but seemed like the kitchen was on break. Waited 40mins for 2 entrees. Otherwise, not bad.
Great margaritas, even better nacho platter! 

I'm a local who visits regularly. I love bringing out of towners here. I recommended stopping by and grabbing the nacho platter (it serves like 4-5), and (sometimes) great drink deals.
The nachos are the best, burgers are tasty and the drinks are cold.  It was a blistering hot day so all 6 of us in our party ordered waters to go along with the adult beverages.  The water was awful, tasted like they got it from the pool.  I know this is not the place to go for water but it would've been nice to get a little hydration in before venturing out into 115 degrees.  The waitress couldn't get my order straight for the life of her.  I was the first to order; a draft bud light, a glass of water and a black and bleu burger.  She brought everyone their water, except me. Brought me bottled beer after I asked for draft. The food was served, I didn't get anything.  The food runner had to take my order prior to leaving the table.  No apologies from the waitress for anything just that it would be a few more minutes. I'd come back for the food but not the service.
Margaritaville seemed like the perfect choice after listening to country music for 3 hours while beginning Vegas with your partner in crime from Tennessee. I love my country music, but Margaritaville is a bit outdated. Decor didn't seem all that realistic, and the Volcano wasn't very impressive. 

Food-wise, nothing stood out. Burgers, quesadillas, and the famous mountainous nachos. The nachos are definitely hefty, I'll give you that, but then again you might not want to remember after downing pepto bismol. They have a wide range of margarita flavors, and you can even get the huge souvenir glass, which will only gather dust sitting on that already cluttered shelf at home, for around $35! Yes, it comes with the alcohol, but that just sounds insane to me. Maybe I was still warming up to Vegas prices, but I prefer getting my margaritas from Fat Tuesday, where you can get 48oz of an Everlear concoction for a fraction of that price. More bang for your buck for sure. 

I can only stand so much of watching Jimmy Buffet in concert at the beach, so unfortunately this was a no-go for me. In their defense, I hear it's a lot more lively at night, and there are performers at the restaurant. Otherwise, please skip! There are way too many better restaurants at Vegas! Unless of course you are one of those half naked people at the Jimmy Buffet concert and want to relive those days.
Great atmosphere and even better nachos! Probably the best nachos in Vegas! There is a mountain of chips covered in cheese, nacho cheese, guacamole, sour cream, jalapeo's and more cheese! Definitely can share between 2-4 people. The service was great and it'll be a staple place for me every time I visit Las Vegas.
The nachos do look amazing but their burgers suck.  Not $15 worth.  You can get a better burger at Dennys.  The atmosphere is fun especially if drinking.  Would come back to try the nachos but not anything else.
Props to our waitress, Marcie, from this past week's visit. She is on point with her drink recommendations. She's spunky, attentive, quick, and funny. Should've stuck with her drink reco's on the second round. Sorry, Marcie!
Had a great dinner here on our first night in Vegas (03/14/14). There was a wait but only because the top, outside area was reserved for a private party, if not I'm sure we would of been seated right away. Place was packed but we waited longer to be seated than to get our food. Fast and good service. Drinks and burgers were delicious!! Ate here again right before kitchen closing time the next day (closes at 1 a.m.) and menu options are limited at that time but still great food. They had an awesome band playing, people dancing and just a great atmosphere.
Great Bar with your usual upgraded bar food.  The food is not 5 star cuisine expertly prepared by a chef that has a manicure and a show on Food Network, but it is actually not that bad.  Margaritaville has amazing drinks, great service, and great atmosphere.  That is why you go here.  You do not really go for the food.  

That would be like visiting Hooters for the wings.
That would be like going to church to pick up chicks.
That would be like going to a funeral to pick up chicks.
That would be like admitting yourself in the hospital for the free tongue depressers.
That would be like drinking whiskey out of a wine glass (you just look stupid).
That would be like going early to a Stones concert and Michael Bolton is the opening act.
That would be like going to a library to practice drums.
That would be like going to a petting zoo on the first date.
That would be like bringing your laptop on a 3 hour cruise.
That would be like shaving your body in the winter.
That would be like getting married when she isn't even mad at you.
That would be like curtain shopping at Bed Bath and Beyond and expecting it not to suck.
That would be like going to Amsterdam and having a job interview with drug test the day after you come home.

....don't expect the food to be mind-blowing, just enjoy the bar atmosphere for what it is.
Gets three stars for the theme and the fact that the volcano show here in Vegas is well over the top of what I have seen in other locations. The food is pretty consistent from location to location -- the nachos are a huge starter and the fish tacos were good enough to make me happy. I really enjoyed the Blueberry Pomegranate Margarita!

On the down side it was the twilight zone at the check in desk. Not friendly at all. Also, the Flamingo itself (where the Margaritaville Casino and Restaurant are housed) needs a good implosion remodel when you compare it to nearly everything else in the immediate area.
Nachos was big and good... good for sharing.. me and my boyfriend shared one but just ate half of it even.. it's like $16
We met my uncle for a late unch at Margaritaville.  It was cute and touristy!  We had the pomegranate margaritas on the rocks. They tasted pretty good, but the glasses they were served in were just plain drinking glasses.  Not impressive for the price.

We had the land shark battered cod, fries and coleslaw.  The cod was AMAZING!!!!!!  Although a bit pricey, it was a huge helping of fish. So good!!!!!  The fries were not very good and the coleslaw had cilantro and lime in it, which sounded interesting, but just tasted weird,   All in all, it is worth an occasional visit.
i love this place, great drinks and food... awesome entreatment
Started off good. Nachos were good. Drinks were good. The food poisoning my mom and I now have from eating there? Not so good. Will not be coming back.
I guess I don't get the Jimmy Buffet lovers.  But, this review is about the food and not him.  Menu selections were good.  Service was friendly but slow. And the grouper sandwich I had was pretty good.  Problem was that I had to listen to Jimmy Buffet music for the entire meal.  I guess I don't get it.
Loved the nachos and chicken Cobb salad.  5 o'clock somewhere was also sting and yummy
Great atmosphere - you will have fun here. There are all sorts of decorations/props from Jimmy's songs that make a true fan really appreciate the experience. The staff is friendly and fun, and just wants you have a good time.

There are a ton of drink options to fit anyone's desires. The food is just okay but most people would probably expect that. If you're a Parrothead, you gotta go.
The nachos are the absolute best. HUGE. As big as they are, the staff does a decent job of making sure that there's enough of the "good stuff" so that you aren't left with just a ton of empty sad chips. Make sure to get an extra side of salsa, there's never enough salsa! Everything else that I have ever gotten here is alright, but the nachos are just wonderful. 

The drinks are strong and delicious. Definitely worth the price. 

The atmosphere is great. So much fun to be had. Unless you really really don't like Jimmy Buffett music.

The wait can be incredibly long for a table though. If you are just looking to grab a drink, they have a counter by the front door.
This place was a reasonable walk from Bally's (so centrally located on the strip). Friendly and fun staff. Cocktails a bit on the pricey side but the food was pretty good and delivered fast for how busy it was. Good place if you're out for a walk and need a good snack.
Live entertainment as we were served beverages it was so much fun one if the best memories we had in Vegas! Jaw dropping!
Margaritas were awesome, but food wasn't very good. I'd give 5 stars for drinks if possible and 2 stars for food. Atmosphere is fun. There was a live band playing when I went. You can't go wrong with a margarita here! As for the food: I ordered the shrimp appetizer which was very buttery and not that great. I also ordered a side salad that only came with lettuce, a few cucumbers, and a couple of tomatoes. My husband got the grilled chicken sandwich with fries. He said he wouldn't order it again.
Well the service started out great. Went to the bar inside the casino. Drinks were great, bartenders lively.... doing little tricks and blowing their whistles. When their star rating dramatically dipped was when we went to the real "bar" where we could order food. Again, service started out great and we ordered some food. 45 minutes passes and our bartender says "let me check on your food" with a wtf where is your food look on his face. He comes back out and says it will be a little bit. In the meantime, people that just sat next to us in both directions got their food within 15 minutes. Needless to say, it took 1.5 hrs to get a burger. Crazy
Ehh....   it's not all that to be honest.

The food is okay, and the atmosphere is so-so compared to other places you could be on the Strip.   The service is great, but on the Strip, you really shouldn't lack in service at all considering the whole place is a hospitality joint.

Typical Margaritaville.  Basically you've been to one, you've been to them all and they're not all that.   If you're a fan of Buffett, and have a desire to visit every one of his restaurants, then I would venture in, but otherwise, it's ehh.

meh.

yup.
Volcano nachos- amazing
Cheeseburger in paradise- amazing
Fish and chips- amazing
Land shark- amazing
Service- amazing
Staff and entertainment- amazing
Atmosphere- amazing


This place was a home run! What an awesome place to eat on the strip, even for locals.
Boy if the walls could talk about my last encounter here.  What happens in Vegas,  stays in Vegas.  Lol. Some friends and I were club hopping all night and finally ended here.  Long story short. 100 yard margaritas,  patron shots, and Heineken chasers. The place is huge. It's very loud. The best time to by o is after 11pm.  You can park at Ballys Hotel or accross the street at Monte Carlo. Whew I had fun for sure. Talk about Hangover 4.
I get it. Judge away. Yes, I was in Vegas and ate at Margaritaville - out of all the thousands of other restos. But the bride-to-be was in charge and wanted 'ritas and queso. 

I'd actually never been to Margaritaville. I will say that the "Perfect Margarita" was good - strong, pure lime juice, agave and semi-guilt free. The queso had nothing on real Texas queso, but the salsa was good. Other menu items weren't too intriguing - they have fish tacos but your only option is beer-battered. I settled on the grilled chicken which was pretty plain Jane. 

I will say the best part of the experience - other than the 'ritas and odd people-watching - was our service from Ryan L. He brought out the drinks fast - even one on the house as he noticed our bride was crying tears of joy - and even split our checks without our party even requesting that. (And that's the only restaurant in Vegas that did it. Not even the top-dollar restos would accommodate.)
Margaritaville is pricey but what do you expect for Vegas? The good thing about it, however, is that the portions are HUGE. Split your meals when you come here and it will make up for the prices. Our server was excellent. He switched out a margarita I ordered for a different drink for free just because I thought it was too sweet and searched endlessly through the TV channels to find exactly what we wanted to watch. I highly recommend this place. Great tasting food, huge portions, and amazing service. Not to mention a nice tropical atmosphere with misters and Palm trees.
The place was hopping on a Sat evening in Las Vegas, but we managed to get a table within 20 minutes. Everyone at the table got hamburgers and we all enjoyed our meals. I also got the key lime pie for dessert, which was delicious. There is a lot of noise in this restaurant making it difficult at times to have a conversation. Every so often, they also put on a fun show with dancing and a young lady dressed in a bikini popping out of a volcano and then sliding down a water slide into a big margarita glass filled with water! Maybe not the best place for younger kids but we all had a good time.
Mmm, you can almost taste the mediocrity!

Went here on Cinco de Mayo because we had to have margaritas and we were able to score a seat on the upper deck, which I thought was nice until they told us they couldn't put up the umbrellas due to wind so that we baked in the unrelenting Vegas sun.

Ordered overpriced margaritas in tiny plastic cups filled with ice as well as a shrimp appetizer that came with exactly 5 1/2 shrimp.

For my entre, I ordered the shrimp trio which was about Red Lobster quality at twice the price ($25).  I did like the spicy sauce with the coconut shrimp, though.  

Service from the waitress was nice but they have a line to stand in if you want a table upstairs, only it's not marked and the lady who was seating people wouldn't tell people where to go, so people would come upstairs and then stand at the front of the line in front of people who had been waiting 20 minutes.  It was comical to watch.

I'm not the target demographic for this joint so take my review with a shaker of salt.  I equate Jimmy Buffet to the Ethan Hawke character in the film "Reality Bites" and regard each with disdain, so that may color my opinion.
Funny reading the below review from the same day that I went (Cinco De Mayo) because my experience was the complete opposite! LOL! MAN! Did we have a blast visiting Margaritaville! I'd say if that Bill T. guy was partying at the 5 O'clock Somewhere Bar with us than he would of for sure had fun too! This location is HUGE so I can see how you would get different service depending on where you sit. Also Billy the Bartender made the experience much more enjoyable.

We pretty much walked into the first Mexican themed place that we saw which just so happen to be Margaritaville. Sat down at the bar and were immediately greeted by the bartender Billy. His energy is off the wall! Brought out the energy in us! LOL! Of course we ended up partying with the people we were sitting next to which became 1 big party. Awesome atmosphere. Almost every person that I saw hanging out in there had a huge smile!

Billy the Bartender suggested we try the FRYCHOS basically nachos but with Fries, which weren't anywhere on the menu but I was able to request for it from the kitchen for the same price! They were the BOMB! Def hit the spot for my hang over! We also ordered shrimp skewers that weren't the best & very overpriced. 

The drinks were tasty buuuut more so STRONG!

All the staff I came across was outstanding!

Thank you Margaritaville & Billy for showing us an awesome Cinco De Mayo! We definitely will be back to party again!! :)
Not a place for large groups.  Took a group here (75 plus people) and service was unprepared and seemingly inexperienced with serving large groups.  Also no good place to pull a bus up to for group dropoff and pickup.  Rough and awkward experience...won't be coming back.
I love the deck upstairs for lunch but this time in Vegas we came here late evening on Cinqo de Mayo and sat at the bar. The volcano nachos and a Landshark were calling my name. We were hungry as we only had apps at Ra Sushi and skipped dinner. It was the perfect late night snack and we devoured the huge nacho tower. Please don't share the calorie count with me- as what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas and those nachos helped absorb the alcohol so I would feel like new in the morning.
This was my fourth time swinging by Margaritaville and I'm sad to say I think this place is heading downhill.  Our waitress was extremely friendly and remembered our orders but the food was horrible.  Absolutely horrible. Please bear in mind that I was with a party of six and everything, even the salad wasn't up to par, especially considering the fact that they've raised all their prices.  I believe I had ordered a Bahama Momma drink which I thought was pretty good but all the other drinks that were ordered lacked alcohol and tasted too much like sugar.  Anyways its right on the strip so I don't believe they'll go out of business but it's just a little sad to report this because I used to truly enjoying coming to Margaritaville while visiting Vegas.
Been coming here since the place opened.  Ok, only two or three times a year on my visits to make deposits to the casino banks.  The Cheeseburger in Paradise is my favorite, but the steak salad is close.  For those who love onion rings - look no further -theirs are the best.  Since my drinking days are over, can't comment on that, but the food and the service, and the FUN! are exception.  Great videos, great volcano show, not to mention the dcor (some may not like it), but I really enjoy the sportfishing 'boat' as well as Jimmy's giant amphib flying over the restaurant.  First saw JB in concert in 1976, so I might be a little biased, lol!
I love this place it's a staple of Las Vegas to me. They have strong margaritas and a very fun atmosphere in addition to casino. The food is decent however a bit pricey for what it is. Overall a very good experience!
Definitely a great place to hang out and grab a bite to eat with some friends. I had the jambalaya, it was very good. Also the volcano nachos were great. Just watch out, the portions are large.
Drinks were really good. The food not worth the trip...(Crab & Corn Chowder, Seafood Mac & Cheese - Bad; Fish Taco's very average).  Atmosphere fun.  And, service was average.
Slower service, but the food and atmosphere provide a fun experience.
Needed a relaxing dinner so we went to margerittavillle. It was REALLLY good food. Good sandwiches! Sat in bar, not very fast service . The nachos are huge! We also had taco salad which I suggest for smaller group of people who may want nachos.
Ultimate Margaritas is necessary. Ultimate Nachos is necessary. That's all you need here.
Wow!
If you are a Parrothead such as myself, you will love the way they have the place decorated. And you will understand what some of the dongs and other artifacts stand for. It was like going home...to Margaritville. The food isn't give-star cuisine. Just good decent selection of a Parrotheads favorites.
Stop by and enjoy the adventure.
Great atmosphere,  reasonably priced drinks, bartender hooked it up in the tequila & sprite drink
We had a group reservation but when we got there it took about 10-15 minutes before we got in. I think they were unsure whether we would show up. I guess in Vegas that might be fair. This was the only downside to the meal.

The food and drinks were brought out very quickly. We had a show to get to and we had drinks and dinner for 12 people in less than an hour. They didn't rush on that account though. We never brought that to the waiter's attention.

The food portions were large and very tasty. I was very impressed with the quality of food. This will definitely be on my radar for future trips.
Margaritaville is connected to the Flamingo Hilton and opens up right out onto the Strip. Obviously their theme is anything beach and Jimmy Buffet related. It's actually pretty neat on the inside. There's a section of booths that looks like the back of fishing boats. Their music is pumping for the party that's usually going on on their balcony most nights. Not terrible but it's a little distracting. Their margarita menu is large and the two we tried were well mixed. There was a lot of tequila but it didn't detract from the taste. That being said, the alcohol content did sneak up on us and we felt a little tipsy after one drink. Not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing. Next we had their chicken volcano nachos. This thing was huge and was clearly meant to serve more than two people. We picked at the plate for almost an hour and still had to take some of it back to our room. Admittedly after the drinks and appetizer we were done so we didn't have any dinner items. If you've never been I'd say give it a try. It's an expierience. However I don't think anyone would be clamoring to get back for another visit.
TERRIBLE eating experience, I couldn't even hear myself think let alone my waiter talking to me (which he barely did) because the music is SO loud in there! Not even a fun loud! Took an hour to get our food, and my steak was completely raw when it got to me. I would not recommend this to anyone. The decorations are the only interesting thing about this place.
good food, good drinks, good location, good view. good music! Convenient location in the middle of the Strip. Wait for a table on the 3rd floor deck - the view of the Strip is worth it.
Was just in Vegas again last month & I figured I'd write a review since they changed the menu recently. New menu is a little smaller, and isn't exactly as pescatarian/ vegetarian friendly as it used to be. They took off some of the pasta dishes and mushroom burger. I mostly come here for the drink and atmosphere so I made do. I ordered the caesar salad with no chicken, which was pretty good! Good dressing and the top it with fried onions - yum! It adds a nice texture to an otherwise boring dish. I do eat fish, so I also ordered a crab cake and the fish tacos at a different meal. The crab cakes were alright, but being from New England, they just don't compare. But, I would order them again if I were in the mood for one. The fish tacos were great, although I wish they offered the option of grilled fish instead of deep fried as I'm not a big fan of fried food, but they were still really good and I'd definitely order them on our next trip! 

They have expanded the seating and now have open air seating overlooking the Quad. I prefer to sit upstairs, but it's a nice alternative when the upstairs desk is closed. 

I highly recommend the 5 O'Clock Somewhere and the Perfect Margarita (the perfect margarita is loaded with alcohol though...in the desert heat I became dehydrated and lightheaded very quickly after drinking a couple of these in the span of a few hours.....be sure to ask for a water with it!)

They used to do a pretty good breakfast, but it looks like they aren't doing it anymore (?) Too bad - we definitely would have gone! 

Definitely a place to stop at least once on your Vegas trip, even if just for a drink and the atmosphere. If you go at night, they have live music. It's really loud, so don't plan on having a conversation with your group, but it's great if you want to go dance without going to a club.
Pros: Fun atmosphere and decor, Jeff D was a fantastic server.

Cons/Average: Food. We had chips & salsa, veggie burger with sweet potato fries, and tacos. They weren't terrible, but they weren't spectacular either.

If you're going out to eat for good quality food rather than a fun experience, probably best to skip this place.
so because Danielle did such a great job last time with the frozen margaritas that i had to go again on this trip. she was still there & provided excellent service & drinks again.
Never have I been to a Margaritaville before. I wasn't sure what to expect. 

Cons first: 
Packed, but is that really a con?  It's Vegas on the strip, what isn't packed. We sat at one of the many bars so we didn't have to wait. 

Pros:
Delicious!!  We didn't get anything I would categorize as special, just some club sandwiches and fries. Oh my goodness!!  They were amazing!  
Our server was attentive and friendly. 
It was entertaining with the skits they put on every hour or so I guess.  
Clean and appropriate decor. 

Overall I'd list it as a win in vegas.
Finally getting around to writing the review, ate here awhile ago.  Experience was great.  Ahh, that smell inside, reminds you of a beach.  Hostess was great, asked if we could sit on rooftop for a great view of the strip -no issues.  They have water misting outside leaving you cool during the summer evening.  

We ate on a Sunday, so no wait to eat, also, we may have gone before peak hours.  I ordered landshark (jimmy Buff beer) and my lady ordered the blender margarita, was expensive, but worth it (according to her).  Both of us got the signature burgers, plenty of food to go around.

Would definitely eat here again, would recommend the outdoor section that overlooks the strip.  I cannot speak for what experience you may have eating inside, but outside was extremely nice.  Waitress was great
Only good was the entertainment...ordered beach favorites which was 2 tacos,  so I got carne asada...TOO SALTY!! And it's cold!! I love tacos and this is very commercialized kind of tacos...if ur looking for authentic tacos avoid this place. Also ordered corn and crab chowder, they must have tons of salt in the back coz it was freaking salty too!! Had to order chips and salsa coz I didn't want to eat salt for dinner.
Food was delicious, a little pricey but to be fair most restaurants in Vegas are overpriced and the portions are more than fair. We look forward to going there again.
I got the volcano nachos and those were great, shared with 4 other people and we got full. They had a special for tequila shots so we all had a mango tequila shot which went down smooth and was actually good. The food is pricey so if you want to spend at least like $15 on food then go for it. You can share if you would like. We parked at the linq parking lot.
Came here one night with my hubby. We drank margaritas. The night started out with people singing karaoke, but once people stopped going up the karaoke host rocked it. It was a lot of fun!
Margaritaville las vegas...what can I say. Their menu is creative and fun. The dishes are served hot and fresh and while some may not expect great food I feel most would be pleased. The real treat here is the atmosphere.  Just an all around fun place to be with lots of entertainment: whether the on site entertainers, the wait staff or your fellow diners. The key word is fun. In a city where most are working in hospitality to make a buck the staff here seem to enjoy their jobs but honestly you will find that all over vegas. Margaritaville serves a good time with great tasting food and an experience you are unlikely to forget. The best experience is to go with friends but my wife and a I went last night and had a blast. We may just pop in for the volcano nachos!....probably mentioned in other reviews so I won't be Labour the point...but I will let you know if we managed to finish them!
Good service. Had the Lava Nachos with the wife. The plate is huge and could possibly feed a small family of 4. We couldn't finish it. Service was good. Pretty loud with live music. We also got a margarita and we were expecting more than the Solo cup-sized drink we got - disappointed considering the massive margaritas available everywhere else.
Disappointed!
Its the 4th of July and we had repurchased 8 seats together at a table on the balcony to watch the fireworks. We were sent wristbands and a confirmation. We arrived before dark and... Our table was given away! Did I mention my son and now daughter in-law  had there wedding this morning. 
Such a hassle, they made accommodations by settings up a table in a weird place and smiling a lot but really the mood was off. 
Memories last a lifetime and I was hoping this would of been a good one.
I just have one word to say... "Expensive!" Food isn't that great, service is good and their Saturday night band is pretty good also.
Still awesome! The daytime band was amazing and we had a great time! The nachos again were too much food and so so good! I can't wait to try and get back here every weekend! We love the food, beer, and atmosphere!
Atmosphere is great.  Margaritas are strong - especially Patron.  Recommend sharing the Volcano Nachos - they are HUGE.  4 people and there were more left.  Packed with jalapeos, guacamole, and cheese.  A meal in itself and it looked like an actual volcano.  Awesome+++++
I can't knock it for anything.  My fish tacos where awesome and the dcor is cool and nautical.  Our waitress Tabitha was attentive, on point, and friendly.  The music was great and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  I highly recommend eating here or just having a drink to soak in the atmosphere.  Soooo COOL!
Horrible experience!!! We went in around 11pm, when they were only serving their late night menu. We were told to seat ourselves, so we headed to a table right in the middle of the restaurant, next to, two other full tables.

We waited 15 minutes, no one came to our table, we watched 3 other servers walk by. After having to go ask someone up front to get our server, finally our server came by and got our order.. with no apology for the wait.

We ordered a burger and wings. Our burger came out wrong. Our server never came back to check on us.. so we pushed the burger to the edge of the table. Finally another 20 minutes later, he came by and asked how things were..

After we told him everything that we were mad about, he never apologized or asked if he could do anything to fix it. Just said he would comp our bill, and walked away!!!
It isn't horrible, and the open air is nice.  The food is standard.  We came here for Caribbean music and conch fritters and they had neither.  They had old guy rock and lots of carby foods that just aren't my taste.  

The unionized waiters wearing their commie looking union pins were distraction from the laid back, beach feel I had hoped for.  

Won't be back.  But it wasn't tragic.  Just a general waste of a night in Vegas.
The margaritas were awful!! Tasted like all sugar and no alcohol. They charged $11 for essentially a non alcoholic margarita. They had like 4 dinner items on their menu so don't come here trying to eat dinner. Server was rude when we asked if they could add more alcohol since it was to sugary to even drink. They get 1 star because there was live music.
I have dined at Margaritaville twice now since I have gone to Vegas, and each time gets better. My only complain is that on Thursday night when my husband and I went all they were serving was burgers, being Vegan this was just not going to work. I can work with Vegetarian options but in this case I had no choice. Boo, that sucked. But we did return and I am glad we did! On Sunday afternoon, my husband and I head to eat around 3pm we were seated right away and within the minute the server came to get our drinks. She recommend a Peach & Raspberry Margarita in the Souvenir Blender which we went ahead and got. It was SO good! Highly highly recommend, it is not on the Menu but it should be! I got the Veggie Burger with Fries and my husband got a steak with shrimp. The food was super super good! It was totally worth going back, after my minor upset days before. Another plus was they had a live band! The music was nice, and my son started dancing in his high chair. The manager came over and asked if she could take him on stage! We agreed, and she walked him up the stage and he had his dance with the singer/guitarist. It was really nice. As always I love Margaritaville it is a must go when you go to Vegas the customer service is great the whole staff was friendly and made the experience great. The food is super good, and the drinks are amazing. Having live music is such a plus, it is nice they play music any way but live music makes it better. I also love the decor very very under the sea type of atmosphere. A must go! Highly recommend :D
Atmosphere is fun and inviting. Was very busy when I went and was seated in 20 min. Great service, great energy. This place does NOT skimp on the drinks. Had one drink an was feelin it. Service was good but could be faster. That's why it gets 4 stars. But entertainment was fun and music keeps the restaurant together it feels like.good playlist. Will be back here!
Short version: long wait, mediocre food, good service, overly sweet margaritas, and a band that were so loud conversation was impossible.  If you're here for a bachelor party where you're happy to get drunk and scream yourself hoarse, then it's probably fine... but not my idea of a good dining experience.
Boy, I REALLY wanted to like this place... But what a shitty experience! 

We were seated quickly, which was expected because it was a late Sunday night and there was only 3 of us. I know it's Vegas, but it wasn't poppin' or anything. We were seated by the window, which normally would be fine, but the AC was on full blast directly at us. It was nice for about 2 minutes, then we were all freezing.

We waited 10 minutes before seeing our waiter, which shouldn't have happened seeing as they were slow (and not understaffed). We ordered waters and said we'd need just another minute with the menus. About 5 minutes later, our waiter brought the waters. At this time, we asked to move to a table not under the AC. He pointed to a table and said once it was clean, we could move over there, and he walked away. A few minutes later, we moved ourselves over. 

It took 15 minutes before our new waiter stopped by. Again, not okay. We ordered dinner and an appetizer. The appetizer came promptly, and we were told the food would take about 30 minutes because I had ordered a steak (cooked well), which is understandable.

Finally we got our food, over 45 MINUTES later. I went to take my first bite of mashed potatoes and just about lost my appetite.... I FOUND A HAIR. Gross. 

At this point, my mom was pissed. She asked to see the manager. He came over and was very kind (wish I would have gotten his name). He apologized multiple times and said he'd have the kitchen rush me a new one (after making sure that's what I'd like to happen). 20 minutes later, I got a new steak and sides. (Funny how it came twice as fast that time....) 

I was super disappointed, though. The steak was not good. I know Margaritaville isn't a steakhouse, but for $26.99 you'd think they could cook a decent New York Strip. 

The ONLY redeeming factor at this place was the manager. He even took my dish off of the bill. 

Definitely don't recommend going and won't be back! Bummer!
Meh. Nachos and wings were okay. Had a virgin margarita which was good. Quesadillas were average. The atmosphere is fun though!
We had a lot of fun at this restaurant. The food was great, our waiter was very nice and the restaurant had a lot of theme going on to make it stand out. I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.
As a major Parrothead I love coming to Vegas as it's usually for a concert.  A large venue that's well done, even better with the new stret bar allowing breeze and more views.  Staff are friendly and provide a good time with the same menu standard across the chain.

You can never go wrong with the Cheeseburger, of course, but there are a lot of great other options.  Shrimp, ahi, nachos, are all quite nice.  The fajitas are not that great, but that's okay.  It's really the experience you are there for in the first place.

I always recommend the "Perfect Margarita", why waste time, it's Perfect!
So we went here twice on our recent visit.  First time was for lunch.  The waiter was super knowledgeable about gluten free offerings.  He even knew which flavor margarita's were gluten free!   This was a fantastic experience.  It was also mid day on a weekday.  Our second trip was for dinner on a Thursday.  This was a completely different experience all together.  We sat at the bar to avoid a long wait for a table.  Our server took our order and brought us drinks and then vanished on his break.  We saw runners bring food out and not able to figure out who's it was.  They then asked the bartender and he put the food on his back shelf and there it sat...I don't know how long b/c it was still there when we left.  Our food took FOREVER to come out.   When it did, it was a cold mushy mess.   SO my advice is skip it for dinner, but definitely do lunch here.
Ate at Africana tonight, thought it was a interesting experience. I have never eaten West African food and was excited to try it. The food was definitely worth trying, I would recommend the Yassa, the Maffe is also recommended but I wasn't too crazy about it when I tried it. The venue is not too nice but that stuff doesn't bother too much. The biggest turn off for me was the price. I paid $40 dollars for two people with no drinks (2 entrees and an appetizer). As far as eating international cuisine its expensive (13.99 per entree). I think that the lunch is a much more economical time to eat there because the prices are a lot lower. Overall, I am very glad I tried Africana because of the unique food but was a little turned off by the price.
We recently tried Africana on a Tuesday night.  The restaurant was packed with only two servers hustling about.  Our food was interesting which is why we chose to check it out.  However it wasn't memorable and my dish had way too much oil.  The owner/chef came out and personally asked us how our meal was -- which is always a nice touch.  It's definitely a break from the norm and the plantains were sooooo tasty.
We ate there for the first time this weekend- service was good, if a little slower- OK, they don't have a lot of staff.  Now you know.  Our server , though, was very good, and offered some recommendations to us first-timers.  Our drinks were good, reasonably priced at about $4.25 for call mixers.  I can live with that...

I had the Maffe with chicken, and while there was quite a bit of sauce, I thought it was a plus, since the rice soaked up the leftovers overnight and it was sooo yummy this morning!  The owner did make the rounds of the tables and seemed to really care what people thought of the food and the restaurant overall.
I went here on a Saturday afternoon and sat at the bar.  The bartender seemed a little overwhelmed and it took me a little while to get his attention.

The decor is a little weird.  Mirrors on all the walls which I hate when I am eating, but other than that it was very nice.  Big TVs tuned to soccer so it would be a good place for that if you are a fan.

The jollof rice with chicken was very good.  The sauce had just a hint of spice and was very savory.
My biggest complain was the service: slow with lots of mistakes. It took over an hr for our appetizer to arrive, while one party of 3 who came later of us already finished and left (and another party of 6 had their order 20min earlier).  We were too hungry, and we asked for bread. Took them in total 40min to get us the bread.

Water was never filled until we asked and it came 10min later.

There were about 5 tables at the peak time that night with 2 servers. Then there were the owner and his family. The owner came to apologize after us waiting for almost an hr, saying he'd check on the meals, but he never came back with a follow-up. At the end, he offered dessert on the house, but they were out of the one we wanted. He didn't offer to not charge our appetizer. Not sure how sincere he was about his apology.

Food was ok. Decor was ok. Due to bad service, I would not go back.

Mistakes they made:
(1) 1hr wait entree
(2) 40min wait for bread and appetizer
(3) water was never refilled
(4) entree were wrong
The food is delicious. I like the variety in flavors. The service is a slower than I am accustomed to but that may simply part of the African culture (benefit of the doubt).
We went not long after they opened, so I could almost forgive the extremely slow service and our server's lack of food-related English vocabulary.  It takes awhile to learn.  But the food we (finally) got was inexcusable.

My dinner seemed to be chunks of vegetables stuck under a broiler until burned on the outside, nearly raw on the inside.  I thought African food would be spicy, but nope, just veggies.  My husband got fish that was so full of bones it was inedible.  Maybe there were other things on the menu we would have liked better, but we couldn't communicate with the server well enough to find out.

The glass of wine was so stingy, a modest-sized glass only maybe a third of the way full, that I sent it back and got a bottled beer instead.
I would never ever in my life eat here. I would give it -100 stars if I could. Last time I was there for dancing there was broken glass all over which the staff refused to clean up. You think that's bad? There was also puke all over for the whole entire night that the staff said they weren't going to waste their time cleaning up until bartime. DISGUSTING. The bathrooms stank of piss (I believe it was all over the floors), the sink lever was busted, the towel dispenser was on the ground under the sink.... There was even a bloody tampon sitting on the sink!!!!!!!!! I am going to report this place to the Health Department as soon as I get a chance. How can you even operate a business like this and then refuse to take care of the mess after being asked numerous times? How can you just stand around when there are biohazards all over your damn restaurant? I think I've said enough...
Want to visit Africa in Phoenix? Head to 7th Ave. and Campbell for authentic West African food in a small and warm setting.

Located in what could have been any one of countless styles of restaurant before becoming Bantu Bistro, this intimate eatery offers African fare that is accessible to even the most timid eaters.

For starters, Bantu offers hot wings, tomato fried chicken and one other chicken dish that I cannot recall. The remainder of the menu is comprised of a variety of African stews and meat dishes that can be made with goat, chicken or beef. I had the groundnut stew (basically spicy peanut soup) with goat (per our lovely waitress's recommendation) and was not disappointed. With my stew, I chose a side of fufu (basically a mix of potatoes and cornmeal that tasted something like instant mashed potatoes without enough milk). When i put some of the soup on top of the fufu for flavoring, it became more enticing (nevertheless I might order the potatoes, rice or plantains for a side if I were to return). The goat, if you have never enjoyed this meat, was something like a tougher version of lamb. The Bistro does not list any desserts on its menu, but I did not inquire about it either. I have difficulty remembering anything on the menu that was more than $9. My friend and I had two stews with goat, a starter of tomato fried chicken and two imported beers. Our total, with tax, came to $33.

Service was attentive and friendly. Upon leaving, the chef/owner (who has lived in the Valley for a number of years after moving from Africa) greeted my entire party, shook our hands and promised to provide us with a special treat (some sort of beans, he said) upon return. I'll be looking forward to it!
I was quite excited at the prospect of going to Bantu. I've recently been learning about African culture and cuisine and was looking forward to tasting it.

I can't say I'm happy with the results.

The location is decent; close enough to downtown to be convenient. Parking is plentiful.

The decor is not what I would call African. More an amalgam of all previous incarnations of restaurants at this location; Mediterranean, Italian, French.

The dining room is quite small. There are a few tables for four and one large raised table that seats approx. 10. The patio is quite spacious, but there is a considerable amount of traffic noise from 7th Avenue.

The waitress started me off with fried plantains and a spicy sauce for dipping.

The plantains tasted and felt like what I'd imagine a banana flavored potato chip would taste and feel like. Not at all unpleasant, and I ate several.

The sauce, while spicy, was more reminiscent of Latin America than Africa.

Still, it was a nice complement to the plantains.

I ordered coconut stew with chicken, and rice. It was quite tasty, but mildly unpleasant in that the chicken was almost as much bone as meat. Other diners I was with shared that complaint.

The rice was good; fluffy, properly cooked.

I was quite disappointed when I ordered what the waitress said was an African beer only to learn that it was in fact a Vietnamese beer.

All in all the experience was enjoyable, but the food was hardly enough to draw me back.
I was really excited to try Bantu Cafe's West African food in the location of the former Melrose Cafe. It is a charming little place, outdoor seating, brightly decorated with traditional African art and sculptures decorating the walls and shelves. A stereo places African pop and Reggae. 

The menu consists of meats, chicken, goat, lamb, oxtail, available in curry or a tomato like sauce with mixed vegetables. You get your choice of sides like garlic potatoes, fufu, plantains or rice. The meat in the dishes can be substituted if one is so inclined. There are vegetarian options as well, being a traditional African cuisine, since meat is not always available and something we Westerners take for granted.
They serve traditional soups, appetizers and sides as well as the entrees.

The staff (one waitress) and owner were both warm and friendly.

All in all, it was a good experience and good food. I wouldn't say great, but good. It is definitely worth trying and experiencing. I will be back again.
Stale chicken! I lived in West Africa for a period and enjoyed the local "tantie's" peanut sauce and foufou, but this place was a far stretch from good home cookin'.  It gives a bad impression of West African food, so don't pretend you like it just to be courteous and worldly-old chicken is old chicken.  The only redeeming part of the meal was the free appetizer of plantains.  Maybe... one day, Phoenix will have a good West African chop shop that doesn't use a can of veg-all in their sauce.
I'm almost always game for an adventure in my mouth, so it was with much anticipation that I attended a UYE at Bantu Bistro. Fifteen of us ended up showing, which is a) a great turn-out and b) potentially disastrous, both for those of us eating and those preparing/serving the food. BB is my Little Engine That Could, because faced with that challenge our servers remained calm and courteous. 

Upon reading the menu, I immediately knew I was going to get the goat because I've not had goat before. And since I've also never eaten West African food I threw caution into the wind. While waiting for the rest of our party to arrive, the first wave of us ordered drinks, as we are prone to do. We ended up finishing off some of the choices (beers, mostly, that weren't stocked to accommodate a large drinking crowd*) . By the time our full crew had arrived, I think that 2 or 3 beer choices were off the list. So, on the the eats. Now, keep in mind there were 15 people there, and we pretty much ordered something different off the menu, all of which include the "African spices." Each entree comes with one meat (chicken, goat, ox tail, shrimp...) and two sides (fufu, rice, potatoes and plantains). We were served complementary fried plantains with a lovely dipping sauce. Our entrees came fairly close to one another, however my goat was prepared as curried instead of plain. But that's okay, because it was good. While nothing in the flavor jumped out and smacked me in the throat, I have to admit that I over season and heavily salt everything and a lifetime of this has desensitized my taste buds. Authentic ethnic foods don't always have an explosion of flavors but rather rely on letting more subtle flavors mingle in the palatte. 

Sounds like a lot of moaning for achieving four stars, one might say. To which I would call as my justification: 

== I was rather full by the time I was half through my entree 
== free hot beans were brought to use during our meal. While I cannot recall the name of these, they had a peculiar and interesting flavor. I wanted more salt on them but I want more salt on everything--I have to trim that back in my diet 
== Graciousness is never overrated. The staff and the owner all were appreciative of our business and thanked us several times throughout the evening. 
== We pretty much took over the dining area and I didn't feel like the staff were concerned about that. 
== They broke down our bill without adding a gratuity fee, as is customary at most places for large parties. 

I'm looking forward to returning in a while and hopefully the stocking issue will be resolved and I will have educated myself more on the intricacies of truly authentic African food and flavors. Until then, I wish BB the best of luck and keep up the good work. 

____________________________________________ 
* I personally feel that while the libations of an eating establishment are important--sometimes equally to that of the food--it's also understandable that a newer establishment would chose to emphasise its entree delivery. For this, I can look past the alcohol stocking issue.
i will not even pretend to know what west african food tastes like. i read a blurb about what countries west africa encompasses and how southern cooking has heritage from west african cooking.  next i'm not from the south so i will not pretend to know what good southern food is either. lastly from looking at what countries west africa is i can say on a positive note the chef/owner still has all his limbs and was more then likely NOT from Sierra Leon. that's only my speculation really..he might have been a lucky guy.

so again not knowing what good west african Cuisine i will not go into some sort of diatribe about how authentic it was or how it was shit because "i lived in west africa for a period". what i had i felt was a good meal. i left full and happy. 

i was part of a large party of yelpers who in a way sprung ourselves upon the helpless gazelle that is Bantu Bistro like that hungry Lion which is Yelp. the party was about 15 people give or take a few and people started showing up around the designated 6:30 agreed upon meeting time. drinks orders were taken..albeit a bit shaky to start with, the gentlemen who served us seem way out of his comfort zone and was not aware of what beer or wine was available..and since there was no drink menu we all felt that we kinda just had to wing it on beverage requests.

after a while of getting all the drinks requested and everyone finally showing up. we all browsed the menu, asked whatever questions we could come up with and settled on our meals. the server took our orders and again..made the best of the situation.

about 30 minutes later everyone was chatting each other up and food started to come out. here and there of "who ordered the (insert dinner)" or "which meal did you have" "who had (insert side dish)" finally it seamed as everyone had food in front of them and people started to eat. 

i ordered the curried Goat with a side of FuFu and Plantains..
now i'm not really sure what the hell FuFu is, but all i could think of was Cream of Wheat from a box i had as a child. it was good with my meal, but absolutely tasteless on its own. which i'm not sure how your supposed to eat it anyways. i liked the curried goat. it was basically a stew of goat meat and some vegetables in a curry sauce. not exactly a pantheon of flavors and it certainly was not spicy. but i found it to be comforting and made me feel good inside. plus it's not often i get to eat goat. so the new experience put a smile on my face.

i cannot in fairness rate my experience on the service. they were clearly overwhelmed with the size of our group and the business seems like they are still on training wheels. as the only people in the restaurant for the majority of our stay we did have full attention of the staff which was attentive. thank you. 

thank you Dottsy for the UYE

it was nice to meet
Bacon
Robert M
Heather C
Terry T
Maggie (husband Eric)
Scott W
Jason W
David SB

it was nice to see again
Julie P
Matthew
Ayesha
Kevin (after dinner)
and of course Dottsy


i honestly hope this place does well. this building has seen way too many tenants fail. i would like to see one success.  good luck Bantu. 

Sincearly, Arik.

PS. the average meal price was $11. so really not that unreasonable. thumbs up.
To say our group from Yelp overpowered this small place would be an understatement.  It is not designed for large groups and I think we would have better served ourselves to have ordered in small groups as we arrived and had the food come out in that fashion than try and get all the orders on the table at once.  Part of a UYE is the camaraderie so I am pretty sure staggered serving would not have been a big deal and the food would have been hotter when it arrived.  As it was none of us had a clue what it was supposed to taste like so judgmental we were not.  I had curry goat stew, fufu and rice.  I got the impression this was common folk food, you make a base and toss in what vegetables and meat you have that week.  Sort of like the West African version of comfort food.

Our experience from the owner and staff was very positive in my opinion.  Dottsy had made reservations and they had apparently brought in an extra server for the evening.  At one point early it appeared somebody had ordered a drink they were short on ingredients for or maybe the kitchen ran out of something and one of the servers dashed off to the store.  The owner/cook and his staff were bending over backwards to fill every reasonable request.  When the owner was out on the floor you could just feel his enthusiasm for what he was doing.

I got out of there feeling full and well taken care of and with a beer, tax and tip I only spent $20.  While I do not think this will be a food often eaten by anybody I know, it and the service should bring enough people in to keep the place open.  One word of caution; if you drive a full sized pick up you can get boxed in if you don't pay attention in advance as to how you are going to get out.
You've got to ask yourself one question: Do I feel lucky? Well, do ya, punk? 

Here's the deal, it would be very easy to come to a place like this and be totally underwhelmed. The flavors and cooking style of West Africa are not very well known to 99.9% of us. The little things like an unhelpful menu and a mediocre wait staff could guarantee a 1 star review for most reviewers. 

On the other hand they get points for being unique, owner operated, and it was pretty fun to try some food completely different. I mean goat and ox tail, now really, how often do you see that on a menu? 

The plantain starters were pretty basic, but a nice start. I had the ndole, which I guess was something like an odd version of creamed spinach with chunks of goat in it. ---It tasted better than I described, trust me. The fufu was a let down, that was a close to eating just flower and water. I mean zero flavor. 

So if you let your guard down, chill out, and want to try some wild and crazy food then I say do it. Other wise stay home and save your scathing one star reviews for Olive Garden.
I was a little nervous about what to expect.   I couldn't tell you where west Africa is on a map unless you pointed out east Africa first, much less hazard a guess about the cuisine.  But I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised.

I was with the large group of Yelpers last night.  And let's face it, we can be a difficult bunch to please sometimes.  We can also be a difficult bunch to serve, especially in a small shop such as Bantu that is probably not used to  a crowd such as ours.  Drink orders were a little tricky.  They ran out of several of the beer options.  I believe they only had once choice for red wine.  I had that, and I was disappointed that it had been refrigerated.     However, it was clear that their focus is on the food, not on the libations, and I appreciated that they were able to offer alcoholic beverages.

Although one of the servers was unfamiliar with the menu, I was impressed that Bantu actually brought in an additional server to accommodate us.  The staff was so welcoming, and the owner not only cooked his heart out for us, he paid us a visit as well.  I never once felt we were an inconvenience as I have at other events.  

The complimentary fried plantains were served with a spicy chili sauce that nicely balanced the sweet, tender plantain.  I opted for the traditional groundnut stew with chicken.  It was a tomato-based stew with mixed vegetables in a rich and nutty sauce, very satisfying.  I was not a fan of the  fufu which I believe was mashed yams and corn.  It reminded me of grits.  I did try a few other bites of my neighbors' dishes and enjoyed them as well.

Upon leaving, we were able to just tell the server what we ordered and pay separately.  I thanked her for taking the time to allow us to do this and for coping with the crowd.  She remarked "we love this, it's like a big family."  That is reason enough for me to say, "yay, I'm a fan."
So in the course of my various wheelings and dealings in Phoenix, I have driven past this empty building several times. I finally saw it lit up and renamed "Bantu Bistro- West African Cuisine" Wow! I finally got a group together to try this new little place. When I arrived, I saw that my group was situated in the middle of the restaurant. I had made a reservation and the staff was kind enough to make a long row of tables for us to sit at. 

I was greeted by a friendly service staff. We had two servers for our large group. I asked for a menu of beers and the staff seemed a little shaky on what was and was not available. It seems that they had various bottles of different beers. They also had "white" and "red" wine...both were refrigerated. I went with a beer...any beer. 

For my meal I went with a coconut stew with chicken in it. I chose fufu (think grits) and potatoes for my two sides. While waiting for our meal we were brought out plantains with a chili dipping sauce. They were well cooked and the sweetness complimented the semi-spicy sauce well. After a bit of a wait, our meals were served. It was a bit chaotic trying to figure out who ordered what, but everything got worked out. My stew was not so much a stew as it was a light, thin soup. The flavors were not robust and hearty, but were light and refreshing. Not quite what I wanted that night, but it wasn't poorly made. The fufu and the potatoes had no seasoning on it. The purpose of the sides are to add to your stew and let the main dish flavor your sides. 

During the meal, the owner/chef made several visits to our table. He even brought us some beans to compliment our meal. He seemed very open to suggestions and comments made by our group. The only things I would change about Bantu are: have a good beer selection, have a couple wines by the glass available and do not refrigerate your red wine, have a staff that is knowledgeable about the dishes and can make good suggestions, offer a weekly special that is not on the menu. 

I look forward to seeing Bantu flourish. It would be nice to have a West African restaurant become a well established place in the old, empty building I used to drive by.
I must say, I was so pumped to try this place out so I decided to drop in last night. As far as expectations go, it definitely lived up to some and was certainly a let down on others.

First and foremost, the food was great and the staff was friendly. I ordered the Chicken curry with plantains and it was one of the best tasting meals I've had in a long while. The thing that kinda tainted my whole experience there was the service. It took probably half an hour for me to get my food and the place wasn't that packed either. No one came up to ask how things were or if I needed anything so I ended up feeling like they forgot my order. Like I said, the food alone would've easily merited Bantu Bistro four stars or possibly a five, but the fact that it felt like I could have flown to West Africa and back to get what I ordered kinda soured the dining experience.
I was excited to try this place because my husband's ex-step father is from Nigeria and I loved the African food he would make. He lives back in Houston so I haven't had any good African food in awhile so I was having a good itching for some. I didn't have any trouble finding the place, although the old melrose cafe or whatever it said sign kind of threw me off for a second. I went to order some food to go since I went by myself. The girl at the counter was very nice and asked if I had any questions. I ended up ordering the goat meat entree that was cooked in the tomato sauce with mixed vegetables, plantains, and fufu. While the goat meat was cooked very well, the sauce was very thin and the mixed vegetables were just that-mixed vegetables from a can! I couldn't believe that! When it said mixed vegetables I was thinking some fresh, chopped or diced vegetables, not vegetables from the 50 cent cans at the grocery store! The plantains were good. All in all, the food was just okay for me since I have had African food many times before. The employees were very nice though!!!
Ladies and Gentleman, the current location for Bantu Bistro is dead.  The chef and visionary behind bringing West African cuisine and culture to the Valley, Emmy  Ayafor, was forced out of Bantu Bistro.  I heard there are a bunch of Americans cooking there now and the food has gone down hill.  However, I went to the Bantu Bistro website (still maintained by Emmy) and emailed him.  My friends and I had Emmy cook for us at my house.  It was very affordable, and the food was FANTASTIC!  I'd give Emmy's cooking 5 Stars!  We had goat, chicken curry, fried rice, corn fufu, and fried plantains.  There was so much food, I'm still eating it!  Good luck opening your new restaurant Emmy.  Those of us that demand authenticity will be waiting, impatiently!  

Jeff
Drove by today.  CLOSED
Bulsho Restaurant is a great East African/Somali restaurant. It's located in a dingy little strip mall and the parking lot is full of cabs and seems to be where a lot of the Somalians hang out, which speaks to it's authenticity. The decorations and decor is meager, but the food and hospitality are top notch. And, after all, the food is what it's all about.
We had the special, the chicken Biryani and the chicken leg and rice. The portions were huge, platter size, and food was amazing. The meals are large enough for two people to share and guaranteed leftovers. I ordered mango juice to drink and they brought us an entire pitcher.
They have sandwiches, soups, currys and most entrees are served with basmati rice. You have your choice of beef, chicken, goat, but no pork, most Somalis are Muslims. For the less adventurous, they even have pasta on the menu, including a homemade version of Fettuccine Alfredo. 
This is one of those places that makes Yelp great. Who knew we had an East African restaurant?
So when you finally get the nerve to experience some real culture and some great food, go check out Bulsho. The staff makes you feel welcome and the food is wonderful. 
Be adventurous. Explore. Eat. Experience.
Had to make a u-turn since I missed the unassuming Bulsho. Despite that we arrived quite near the closing hour, the guys here were very accommodating.

The menu includes all your protein needs...though unfortunately due to the late arrival, goat and lamb were out of stock. Instead, our guy suggested that he would whip something up for us- if we liked it, good, if we didn't, he'd bring us something else. 

We liked it... and so we were presented with more plates of these grilled meats, pita, and chappati to consume, accompanied the perfect blend of spicy, acidic, and sweet sauces. There was a point where we are all so consumed by consumption that there was this silence- we each were all concentrated in our own little feasting worlds. 

For a party of three, the grand total was a mere $18. Will return, perhaps for an all day affair of breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
The Phoenix East African Community Center.

October 17, 2009

I forgot my camera.

Food 1.5 of 2
Service 1 of 1
Cleanliness .7 of 1
Ambiance .3 of 1

This is the place in Phoenix for watermelon and mango juice, goat curry, faba beans, biryani, and some of the finest flat bread I've ever tasted. Not to mention soccer and football on a large-screen TV. 

Good food, Cost for 2 lunches including tax , $18.00
It is now called Tariq they just changed the name.  I went for a late lunch early dinner and had the Chicken Baryanni.  It was really good and the portion size was huge.  I took home a good amount and left stuffed.  My total meal was $8 and for the portion size it was well worth it.  The only reason it didn't get a better rating is the inside isn't too nice and the wait was a few minutes before I even got a menu.  I will order out from now on.  I also didn't get to try the goat that I went there for as they only do that at night during dinner time.  I will be back for that as the food I had was great.  The waiter said they are going to change the inside and even add a late night window.
It's like going to East Africa without getting on a plane.

I just went there for lunch today, and let me say that for 1/2 an hour I sure wasn't in America any more - it was an immersive and tasty experience that I'm sure to do again, soon. 

For a start, they didn't have a menu, so I asked what the lunch special was and he started saying a few things in a strong (Somali/Ethiopian) Arabic accent that included goat, so I said - "Sure I'll try it" without really knowing what was going to happen.  

And now to the experience. He brought me a can of Pepsi (no diet drinks here and I didn't wan't to risk the ice cubes in the water) and gives me a fork, a spoon and a banana. Whatever, I think "well this is different" as I wonder when to eat my banana. As I'm drinking my Pepsi I started looking around and realize that the only other people are male east african taxi drivers eating injera and curry with just their RIGHT hand.  Well it's a good thing I know how to do that too! (because I didn't want to stand out even more than is possible as the lone white guy speaking english in a restaurant full of genuine Africans speaking Arabic).

Then the food arrives - a huge plate of buttered rice seasoned with green herby flecks of stuff and smelling delightful. And the guy says - "you wanted goat - yes? Because it's grilling and will be out soon" So I said yes and started on the rice. A minute later a huge plate of cubed goat and a side salad with Italian dressing comes out and lands in front of me.  I say cubed goat because that's was happened to this poor beastie.  The meat consisted of apparently random 2-3 inch cubed chunks of goat ribs and legs complete with attached tendons, a couple of arteries, some fat, muscle meat (steak) and so on. It tasted GREAT! Seasoned well, and grilled with seasoned onions too.

The other customers - As I was eating my rice, salad and goat with just my right hand, more of the regular clientele came in and looked universally stunned to see me there. When they looked down, saw that I was eating with just my right hand in the same Arab manner as them, in mere seconds they accepted me as just another diner at lunchtime. It was actually really cool to see the waryness and prejudice on their faces evaporate in seconds to be replaced by acceptance.

Would I go there again - heck yeah! But, and here's a BIG but. I wouldn't ever go with that person at the office that we all know, you know - the one who makes loud and snarky (sometimes racist) comments when they feel uncomfortable in a new situation.  At lunchtime the Tariq Restaurant is a working (East African Arab) man's lunch place.  I wouldn't recommend this place for a women-only group to go for lunch and feel comfortable.  If you're a woman and want great East African food, then this is the place, but from the vibe in there I reckon you'll enjoy it more if you go in with a man, or in a mixed group.
Understated, huge portions, and delicious!  Love Gavin F's first comment - it's so true!  The whole East African Center around the restuarant only adds to the authentic feel.  

I headed there on a lazy Saturday to check out this place I've driven by 248 times and my expectations were definitely exceeded.  First glance over the menu shows literally everything listed at $9.  There's a kicker to that which I'll touch on in a moment.  The atmosphere was definitely strange, but didn't detract from the experience.  It was a little weird watching Gladiator on TNT and dining on Northeast themed table coverings (lobster and lighthouses? What the heck??).  

I grabbed the curry chicken, which was listed at $9, and did not expect the sheer size of the plate that was to come out.  It was about the size of a Domino's medium pizza and was packed with really good chicken, a small salad, and plenty of rice.  It was so good I couldn't stop eating it, and ended up leaving the place with that classic American, uncomfortably-full feeling.  

The icing on the cake was when I went to ring up my chicken and a bottled water - the total was $7!  I must've hit a lunch special on the weekends or something but needless to say I left happy.  Definitely worth a try even if you've never had African food before.
This restaurant is closed.  In the same shopping mall is Juba's Mediteranean, which I went to instead.  The food was very good, portions generous, and price modest, so they have basically replaced Tariq.  The Somali taxi guys still are hanging out in the parking lot.
Five stars for overall value, taste, portion size, and friendly service. 

Only a one star deduction for atmosphere (decor and somewhat bare bones feel). 

I love this place though and will always be a repeat customer, it's close to me and its easy on my wallet, as a somewhat starving student, they really help you stretch a dollar. Their portion sizes alone would be reason enough to return, but the food is also very flavorful, char-grilled spiced chicken with saffron rice. The pasta is great and you can't stop eating it.

I'm also addicted to their house sauce kept readily available in great pour bottles, I think it's Bisbec. Since I grew up in a Spanish home, it reminds me very much of salsa de tomatillo, it's amazing and spicy, it really compliments all their wonderful selections.

Get over the surroundings, everyone is very friendly and kind.

I'm starting to crave them as I right this review, and am starting to salivate over hear... They're a great neighborhood place, and I'll continue to visit whenever I crave wonderful and authentic Ethiopian/Somalian/Mediterranean food....