I had lunch at Sekong by Night with a couple of foodnik friends on its second day of business.  Overall the experience was worthy of four-stars. 

First, the design - it appears to have formerly been a Mexican restaurant and an Italian eatery of sorts, and vestiges of both decors abound, though the owners have gone to great lengths to give it an Indochine feel. All around a pleasant dining atmosphere with spacious booths flanking a long table that would be suitable for a large group.

The food was great; it was like Vietnamese food's understated cousin, which I guess it technically is.  The menu offered a handy guide to the meals, and often compared a dish to it's Vietnamese counterpart.  I had a spring roll, which was large and delicious. The fish sauce it came with appeared to be nuoc mam, but was a little sweeter than the nuoc mam at other places around town. Katheaw is the Cambodian cousin of pho, and in presentation looks exactly  like pho (vermicelli noodles in a broth with meats and vegetables); the broth, however, bore no taste resemblence to pho broth, and if anything tasted more like chicken noodle soup than pho. I opted for the Katheaw Phnom Pehn, and while I found it delicious, be aware that it is offal-heavy, and if you don't like the taste of liver, you won't like the amount they put in it.  

My lunch companions' meals looked delicious, and I had a taste of one of their sandwiches.  Again, the sandwich was very similar to banh mi (those French made inroads on the local Southeast Asian cuisine, I'll tell you), but featuring beef rather than pork, and heavy with the taste of lemongrass, which I'd never noticed in the banh mi I've had.

I'm a junkie for Pho Thanh, but I suspect I'm going to put Sekong by Night into the rotation.
Who is up for Cambodian food? Well, apparently, it was me and a couple of friends. Here comes the two parter:

First - The Location - It is actually a bit difficult to find. North side of Indian School between 12th St. and 16th St. Used to be Fellini's Pizza. Maybe Mexican food and/or hot dogs as well. Once inside, the place is nicely done. Very comfortable. 

Second - The Food - Quite tasty. No insults intended, but it is best described as a less spicy version of Thai food. We all started out with fresh spring rolls. They contained shrimp, pork, rice, carrots, etc... Very well done and very good. One was plenty for me. I had Katheaw Cha. It is fried noodles with beef and broccoli. Again, very tasty. The two companions had crepes (looked more like a folded omelette) and noodle shop. Everything was really good.

I would go back and I would recommend.
Vietnamese and Thai are some of my favorite cuisines in the world. They are "healthy" and have fresh veggies in most dishes, carry a nice amount of spice, and have enough interesting marinades and flavors to remain interesting over and over again. Cambodia, being between those two countries, has to be the same, I thought to myself. Well, yes, there are many familiar dishes and the use of a lot of the same ingredients. So on to Sekong by Night I go. 

Knowing where Sekong by Night is, my initial inclination is that this restaurant isn't going to be around too long. The space has been the scene of many restaurant deaths, the signage is terrible, the parking lot is awkward to get into, and even knowing exactly where the place is located, it's hard to see from the east on Indian School. Try it. Forget all of those negatives, just give it a shot because if you like Southern Asian cuisines, you'll have a good meal here. I tried the grilled beef sandwich that was featured by New Times' Chow Bella Blog and enjoyed it very much. It was a tad bland because they do not use Jalapenos like the Vietnamese do in their Bahn Mi, but still enjoyable. Served on a French baguette, with pickled carrot and daikon root shavings, marinated meat, and cilantro, it was almost identical to the bahn mi. Then came the differences, beef instead of pork (apparently cambodian dishes are almost always beef, vietnamese are almost always pork, and thai are almost always chicken) and a soybean paste. MMM

Service here was very nice. I spoke with both the server and the owner for some time and they were very nice people with good English skills which was a pleasant surprise. My sandwich with a 40% tip was $5 out the door. Not too bad of a price for a lunch in a place that is nicely decorated, very comfortable, and close to the city.
I'm so torn on my review of this place- I don't know if we'd be back, but for sure, it was one of the funniest meals I've had in years. 
We went on a Friday night, about 7:45... there was one other couple in the restaurant- but its new, so that wasn't a bad sign. The place is cute, details have been noted, and about 1/3 of the space is given to what we're told is a karaoke stage. 
The menu offered a fairly broad range of Cambodian dishes, and we planned to try a number of them. We were doted on the entire time by what was clearly the owner, an ambitious young man.  To say he was trying is an understatement, but it was like watching a bee fly into a glass wall over and over again. There was a high degree of #fail here. There was an immense amt of "futzing", and I'd be willing to bet he was pulling double duty in the kitchen. 
So, we ordered the hot pot only to be informed that the other couple in the restaurant had also ordered it and he had only one hot pot. OK, we got the grill instead (also a shared dish), some soup and a few apps. Then we watched for 20 minutes while the owner started a Homer Simpson-esque attempt to swath the restaurant in extension cords to deliver electricity to the hot pot and the grill- I'm pretty sure OSHA hasn't swung through here. 
The couple who ordered the hot pot were then asked to move to the other side of the restaurant so they could eat at the hot pot, which gave us our first hysterical bout of the evening, wondering if when we came back, we should bring our OWN hot pot, or what if dishes were only available to diners based on geographical location in the restaurant? 
Our grill arrived, with a beautiful plate of meat and shrimp for it, and an unceremonious stick of Land o Lakes butter, still in its wrapper. VERY Cambodian :) We got butter, but no plates. Or dinnerware. Or napkins. We asked for them, and were given plates. Asking again yielded utensils, we gave up on napkins. The grilled food was great (no squid, we were given mahi mahi instead), but the grill smoked so badly we were seriously concerned about sprinklers coming on. We were hysterical throughout. The authenticity of Cambodian oppression took form in napkin rationing... we were each given one small picnic napkin each. 
Look... the food we ate was all pretty good. I'd steer towards the beef dishes, which had more flavor- the crepe, which we had high hopes for, was tasteless. We loved the soup, we thought beef nam noc was ok (beed=great, salad=eh).
The service really is an issue... all joking aside, I want to applaud someone who makes a go of it like this guy, but I do wonder about the kitchen, and what would happen if say, more than 4 people showed up any night. If getting a napkin is this big a deal, should I be concerned about food prep? 
Pricing was really great and fair, and the guy was SUPER nice. I'm curious to see how things shake out in a month or so. If you go (and I'm not saying you shouldn't), do consider slipping a few napkins in your bag, and stopping at the hot pot-2-go on your way over.
I tried out this restaurant a few weeks ago when it just opened.  I think I got the pan friend noodle entree with beef.  It was delicious! I also had a taste of my friend's noodle soup, and it was light but fulfilling.  I did not get food coma after I left this place, which I think is a good thing.  I am Vietnamese and I heard Cambodian cuisine is similar to Vietnamese food, or at the least, it got it influence from Vietnamese cuisine.  Though I cannot critique Cambodian food with much authority, I've eaten homecooked Cambodian food at my friend's house before, so I can say Sekong by Night's is comparable to homecooked food :).  Give it a try. I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
Over the past few years we've been fortunate enough to have so many tasty and diverse Asian restaurants open. Some of my personal favorites are Soi4 for up-scaled Thai street food, Northeaster Thailand delights at Thai-E and chewy hand pulled noodles at China Magic Noodle House just to name a few. Now there is one more specialty to add to the fold, Sekong by Night specializing in Cambodian fare.

Sekong has taken home to the old Fellini's Pizza space at 13th Place and Indian School. They've taken the space and turned it into a charming dining room that's comfortable and tasteful. Cambodian artwork graces each table along with beautiful patterned table cloths. Family owned son Yutheana In runs the front of the house while his mom Lakhana In cooks all of the delicious Khmer style dishes.

You'll quickly notice that many of the dishes might appear like Thai food, well reverse that, Thai food is heavily influenced by Cambodian cooking though the later is definitely not as spicy. However you'll also notice a Colonial and Vietnamese influence on the menu starting with their fresh Spring Rolls. Chewy rice paper is wrapped around a salad of vegetables and shrimp, complete with a delicately sweet flavored fish sauce.

If you've ever heard of Banh Mi you'll know this famous Vietnamese style sandwich. Its Cambodia cousin called Num Pang, though simply labeled as "sandwiches" on the menu, is just as tasty. They take a large slab of crust French baguette, sourced from Lee's Sandwiches in Chandler, and pile it high with lemon grass flavored beef, pickled veggies, cilantro and a squirt of siracha chile sauce. I think once word gets out how good Sekong's sandwiches are; there could be a line out the door.

Other hits included sweetened stir fried beef Lok Lak Beef and another dish called Loat Cha. The earthworm shaped rice noodles were so chewy and addictive Id order them every time.

Service was on the slow side since they've only just opened but I assure you, it was worth the wait.
I love the food of south east asia.. Ive never eaten Cambodian cuisine before, but after today, I can confidently say that I am a fan.  This place is where fellinis used to be.  IF you have been to fellinis before it will make your life much easier trying to find sekong, if not, then good luck.  You may have to do a few passes up and down Indian school to find it.  The place is nice and comfortable inside.  I ordered a spring roll and the Loat Cha.  The spring roll was awesome.  It was the largest spring roll I have ever eaten, and was delicious.  The loat cha was equally delicious.  I dont know what to compare it to or how to describe it, other than to say it was very very good.  I hope this place does well, I plan on making it a frequent lunch stop.
Being the only Cambodian Restaurant in Arizona I give it a well deserved 4 star! The food is pretty tasty. I have been there quit a bit and ate various dishes. When a new restaurant opens I tend to go there often. Just to try all the food they offer to see what are the good and bad on their menu. Or if the place is even worth to even keep going! 

Having tried  all the dish my favorite is the Beef noodle soup with a side of Fried Bread sticks. Its similar to Vietnamese Pho but with its own Cambodian flavor. Only downfall is I wish they offer the bigger bowl so I can get a food coma!! haha. I will definitely go here from now on to eat the Beef Noodle soup as I think it tops the Vietnamese Pho.

Overall its a place I will continue to go.

Warning though its a family owned business so the service is slow. But the food is well worth the wait!!!!
Cambodian food, where have you been all my life?

I know, I know, Cambodia.

I love this place.  I've ordered about 6 dishes off the menu now, and everything has been perfectly portioned and cooked.  Having never eaten Cambodian before, the closest thing I can compare it to is Vietnamese: it is very light, tastefully seasoned, and is best when the ingredients are fresh.

Everything from the shrimp to the herbs at this place has tasted uber-fresh, and the service hasn't seemed any slower to me than I'd expect at a restaurant.  Maybe some people are confused because the prices are so cheap.

As for atmosphere, the place is really cute.  There's always Cambodian pop music playing (which is often re-worked American songs), and the staff is always very friendly.

Great for lunch or takeout.
Driving on Indian Street, you can easily missed this small place because it lacks a sign.  (They need to put a big sign facing Indian School.)The best thing to tell you is that is just east of the 99 store.  Parking is provided in the back should you U-turn back to the place first. I must have enter the wrong door and went directly to the kitchen, as it was hard to distinguish between the 2 front doors as to which was the main one. The place looked nondescript.

I came in one day after I learned it was Khmer (the only one I seen)in midtown Phoenix. 

Being a soup lover, I order the seafood noodle. It tasted bland and it did not help that there were few garnishment(sprouts and lemon) and about 3 sauces on the table. The presentation of the food was decent and the main ingredient in the soup were well picked and chopped. The service was very slow considering there were about 10 customers at that time.

My experience here seems to have been a "nothing has gone right so far". What really saved this place were the spring rolls and beef banh mi that I ordered to go. For $2, you get a giant spring rolls wrapped in a tasteful flour wrap. The spring rolls were one of the better, fresh, soft and natural tasting ones that I ever had. The ingredients felt right. The sandwich was very flavorful and had the right texture and each of its component was itself tasteful. Overall the sandwich tasted above the variety you find at a regular Viet sandwich shop.  These two items are definitely must haves; they taste very Asian....

I think the fact that they just recently open, they need more time to refine their service to make it more consistent and efficient and expand their menu items. For now, If I had a choice of going here again, I would rather call in(if they will allow this) and order to-go; the spring rolls and sandwich. 

Price-low
Decor-ok
Service-slow
Food- depends
Bring your family-ok
NonAmericanized-yes
Come back again-sure
I'm a neighbor to Sekong By Night and I do believe its the only way I would have noticed that Phoenix has a Cambodian restaurant!  What a great little diamond in the middle of pawn shops, 99 cent store and other eye sores of Phoenix!  

The service was great!  We walked into a door we thought was the front door but ended up being the kitchen.  We were welcomed and guided to the dining room by the kitchen staff.  The dining room was decorated nice with a stage full of instruments which made me wonder if they ever host music but didn't ask.  
The waiter was extremely kind and the service was excellent.  We ordered 2 noodle dishes one with a flat noodle, shrimp, broccoli and beef and very good!  The second had a round noodle and beef.  We also ordered one rice dish that had a boiled shredded chicken on top of a fried rice.  The sauce to pour over the top was the same as the spring roll dipping sauce.  Although it was good I wouldn't order that for myself again.  Maybe a nice mild dish for those with simple taste.  Sorry to say that I failed at taking down the names of any of the dishes.  We also ordered spring rolls. What a great deal on spring rolls!  Everything was very fresh, delicious and the prices makes this a place we can return to feed a family at a decent price!   

I'm a huge Thai food fan and this did remind me of a less seasoned versions of Thai.  I'm anxious to try the other dishes to see if there are some that are with more spice and flavor.  
Will return often!  Worth a trip to visit if you're not in central phoenix.
What a great little spot! Off the beaten path and "off the hook" as well! 

I had seen some previous reviews on Yelp but hadn't thought to check the place out. My parents were in town today and saw a full-page feature in the New Times on this place, so my dad suggested trying it. By the time we arrived after our delightful yoga class at Urban Yoga (how very Central Phoenix - I know, I know), it was about 1:40 and the place was completely empty. Sometimes, that can result in a less-than-enthusiastic greeting from owners or waitstaff but the man who greeted us was friendly and seemed genuinely happy that we were there. I love that. 

He took our drink order right away. The sodas were a little under-carbonated but no big deal. Easily fixed, for sure. My mom raved about her iced tea, so no complaints there. 

The menu was a little smaller than I expected (the owner later explained that he wanted to start more minimal and then branch out after getting a customer base, which is a good strategy IMO), but several things stood out to me. My dad and I ordered loat chat, worm-shaped rice noodles, but substituted tofu for beef (not immediately obvious that we could do this but we were gracefully accommodated), and the stir-fried shrimp (came with white rice, pickled vegetables and an egg roll). My mom chose the chicken noodle soup and we also got some fresh spring rolls for the table. 

All of the food came out very quickly and was extremely flavorful and robust without being too greasy or salty. The shell-on shrimp were a particular favorite of mine - although they were very messy to eat, they were very tender and had a nice kick to them. The rice noodles were also great and the shredded egg on top was a delicious touch. 

All in all, our meal was great - and affordable, to boot. All of our drinks, entrees and the spring rolls came out to only $34 including tax and tip. The owner was also great and we all loved his passionate approach to his business. He even told us that he opened the place because he was told that a Cambodian restaurant wouldn't survive in this city.  

A rebel after my own heart. And, after all, doesn't Phoenix need more rebels?
This might be the least expensive tablecloth/full-service - type restaurant I've ever been to.  First trip had an excellent pork banh mi ($4), second trip had a huge spring roll ($2) and big bowl of chicken pho ($5).  All have been excellent and comparable in flavor/quality to my favorite Vietnamese places.  It's easy to miss - look for the white building with a round, red logo painted on the front, just to the West of 13th Pl, and park behind it.
I've been meaning to write my review about this place for about 2 months, better late than never I guess... 

A friend of mine posted picture on FB, and I was super excited that a Cambodian restaurant had opened in Phoenix!!! I wanted to go ASAP! 

The first time I wanted to go, I called and was informed they were closing at 9, no biggie....2nd time I went by on a Monday afternoon and they were closed.... We were on our way to the Thai place on central when I decided to try this place instead...3rd time was the charm... 

SO, if you blink while driving you will miss it!! Make sure you know where you are going or you will be stuck in u-turn hell in the middle of the day. 

When we arrived we almost ended up in the kitchen! If you had ever been to Fellini's that used to be the main entrance. Anyhow, we we directed to the dining area by the lady in the kitchen. 

When we walked in, there was no one there to greet us or direct us, we sort of just stood there looking around, it was kind of an uncomfortable feeling b/c all of the Asian diners looked at us like we walked into the wrong part of town....anyhow a young girl finally came out of a door and let us to a table, she asked if we would like some water, we said yes, we saw the menu and asked for the french pressed coffee as well. Off she went to get our drinks....or so we thought.... 

We FINALLY got our drinks about 15-20 Mins later. The coffee was amazingly great, it looks like you will get 2 sips and be over, but once you pour it over the ice it loosens up and fills the cup.. 

I had the chicken and rice lunch special, it was actually alot more flavorful than it appears. My gf had a noodle dish with beef and a spring roll. 

The spring roll (the fried version)  that comes with the lunch special made its way out to me about 20 mins after my meal...it was definitely the worst part of the meal....the filling had a questionable taste and odor....definitely seemed spoiled to me. when I told the waitress I would not be eating it because the filling had turned, the owner (?) came out and apologized, he said he would taste it. He came back about 5 minutes later and told me that's how they were supposed to taste. He said I was probably not used to the flavors...and they used dried mushrooms in the mix... he even said that its not like a Thai spring roll, but more like a Vietnamese springroll...I explained to him that I was in the food service industry and I had had Cambodian food, and Vietnamese food in NYC a million times, and this spring roll had gone bad...anyhow, he comped the $1 item and off we went. 

I am undecided if I will go back, the coffee is worth it, the service is definitely not.


I also felt slightly offended by the guy's opinion of me not knowing the difference between a spoiled spring roll and a spring roll with fresh filling....

The prices are good
The food is flavorful
The service is not great, not the worse service in the valley (think mrs. whites golden rule)


I'm sure with time the place will get better.
What a charming little place! Their food was great, and they had awesome decorations and little touches that made this place feel so authentic. I had their chicken rice, a non-greasy dish that comes with flavored rice and steamed chicken topped with fried onions (or garlic?) and bean sprouts. It was bomb and surprisingly refreshing with the bean sprouts! Don't forget to order a glass of cold soy bean milk - not to be confused with soy milk that you can get at American supermarkets!

PS Thanks Christine O for the review, the inspiration for our visit.
This is my first review, so bare with me.  This place is very good (4.5 overall).  The service was pretty good (3.5 loses some on missing food and insanely hot inside at first, but cooled down eventually), although we were the only people in the place, it was about 5pm on a Friday afternoon.  I had read all the other 10 or so reviews here on this place and thought it was worth a try.  So why should you keep reading?  I'm Asian, yeah, seriously.  My mom is a crazy good cook, all flavors - every Chinese style, Vietnamese, Thai, and Cambodian.  My family is 1st generation immigrants so I've eaten pretty authentic dishes.  The owner shares the same background as my family except she's Cambodian and my family is Chinese living in Cambodia.  We chatted for a bit with the female owner and exchanged a couple stories.  I also let her witness my terrible Cambodian, which my family also gets a kick out of, our main dialect is Cantonese.  Let's get into the food....
Jasmine iced tea, very good.  I typically like mine stronger, but not a real complaint.  We had the spring rolls first, the non fried version.  Very good and the fish sauce is also delicious.  Personally I like pork belly in mine, but chicken and shrimp is good also.  For the main course; I had katheaw soup - steak, tripe, and meatballs.  This is the only place I know of in the valley that has japquie (sp), fried bread sticks, or what they call in Cali and Seattle - Chinese donut sticks.  This to me is the real way to eat noodle soup!  What is maybe a little lacking is the fresh herbs and bean sprouts, oh and get me some tendon in the soup.  I actually didn't get the fried bread as part of my soup meal, but I did order a side so my wife could try, so not a big deal.  My wife had the katheaw cha, stir fried rice noodles and beef, and we also tried the pate & pork meatball sandwich.  The stir fry noodles were good, a lot of garlic, so be ready for that, but I don't mind.  The sandwich was excellent and this will now become our regular spot for these type of sandwiches.  We also had dessert; banana tapioca pudding.  Sorry Mom, Sekong's is better=).  There wasn't Bahn Cha (sp?) on the menu when we went, I would like to try theirs sometime though.  There are a few things on a Cambodian menu I would want to see also, but overall I'm pretty impressed.  The son was our waiter and we shared what we considered our favorite dishes that weren't on the menu, he likes the same desserts as my brother and oddly enough they look a lot a like!
Price is good and the food is very believable, we will be back again soon and will bring friends to this hidden gem.
You're probably asking yourself, what in the world does "Sekong by Night" mean? Well, the answer is, oooh just some classic, popular Cambodian song title that the owner is obsessed over. :)

As previously mentioned by another fellow Yelper, Sekong does exude charm.  In fact, most of the artistic, decorative items that is seen in the dining room is a straight import from mainland Cambodia (ie. table cloths, paintings, sculptures, and other artworks).  Obviously, the owner wanted to not only deliver authenticity from a cuisine standpoint but also historically and culturally.  They did a magnificent job in creating a nice visual display to sort of educate first time consumers of Khmer cuisine.

To get an idea of what Khmer dishes are like, I always say they're a cousin to Vietnamese and Thai cuisine.  Although, I think they just share ideas or possibly just steal from one another.

One prime example of idea sharing that you might find in a Vietnamese menu is the Luc Lac.  And actually, this creation was French inspired.  It's basically steak meat that has been cut into cubes and sautéed to a tender perfection fused with caramelized onions and garlic to give a richer taste.  The dish usually comes with a side of white rice and a fresh salad that has been lightly soaked in a sweet, citrus, vinagry dressing.  Its fantastic when done right!  In fact, I really enjoy Sekong's version! Its a must try! [Recommend]

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kBJfBVaXJtPEKLTov1hJdQ?select=yeZLfWYl0CMkhNM9T73i_w

Sekong also serves tasty sandwiches like the Vietnamese Banh Mi.  I have only tried their grilled beef.  From what I recollect tasting, it was meat marinated in a savory, lemon grass.  The baguette was very toasty and had a soft interior while the pickled veggies were fresh tasting. [Recommend]

And the cultural similarity theme continues! They also serve a crispy crepe-like dish that encompasses pork, shrimp and bean sprouts called, Baynchaiv, traditionally a finger food.  You take your lettuce and create a wrap and dip it into home made fish sauce. [Recommend]

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kBJfBVaXJtPEKLTov1hJdQ?select=dmpDwgYQUk68LqY3tGx3fw

Loat Cha, my other go-to dish, are these 1-inch round rice noodles drenched lightly in soy sauce and then pan fried served with fresh, crispy bean sprouts, green onions, and sliced beef topped with one egg.  [Recommend]

Now, the chicken wings with a side of rice is quite tasty.  Last time I ordered one, the chicken came out nicely crisped with a hint of peking flavor, which is a notorious marinade for Chinese roast ducks.

As for snacks and specialty drinks, I've had their tempura sweet potato and banana, and grass jelly drink.  All were excellent.  The tempura snacks came out super crispy with a fresh tasting interior.  If you are unfamiliar with grass jelly, it is basically semi-bland jello with a slightly sweet, grassy flavor, but in creating a refreshing drink, jello are cut up into tiny cubes while adding ice, sugar and honey.

The one item that has bothered me for awhile now is the Phnom Penh Noodle Soup, also the counter to Vietnamese Pho.  The only reason why I have hesitated for this long is, admittedly, due to the exotic-ness (ie. pork liver, heart, tripes, etc).  As soon as I can grow a third ball, I will attempt it! Just kidding, I will eventually.

The menu is not as large but being new to the food scene, they are looking to start off small and expand as business blossom.  

By now, you may have already read about the lengthy wait, awkward location, and whatever shenanigans have you not, they are still working out the kinks and are continually listening to feed backs.  

Pricing is very reasonable and competitive with the other Southeastern Asian power houses in the Valley [$5 - 10 range].  I will continue to be a regular here and add more updates as I try more items.
Fresh, unique dishes that will leave you wanting for more.  We tried some of the sausages and a rare beef salad.  The salad was a perfect combo of salty, sweet, tangy, crunchy, and soft.  The beef, since it is cooked rare, is very tender, and because it is marinated in a sweet vinegary type marinate, you don't really notice the rawness of the meat.  The sausages were kind of reminiscent of Chinese sausage, except thicker and more savory/salty.  The sausage is red like Chinese sausage is, except it is more of a sweet/sour type sausage rather than mostly sweet like Chinese sausage is.  

Service was adequate, although they ran out of diet coke that day so I couldn't get my fizzy caffeine fix for the day.
I was introduced indirectly by a friend through FB. She posted something to her friend to meet at this place at so and so day and time...so as "nosy" as I am. I clicked on it and found this place on YELP. Read so many positive feedback so I would give it a try. And I have always wanted to try Combodian food anyways. 
I came home from on a Friday night, I was exhausted with many dramas at work. My hubby wanted to take me out, so I chose Sekong By Night. It was a small but yet sophisticated setting. Very nice decoration inside. The waiter- I believe was the son of the owner, very polite and respectful. He greeted us like having guests over his house. Hubby and I ordered appetizer- Bok Lahong Salad- this was our favorite. Then for the main entry I ordered Hu Tieu Nam Vang- which was a very signature dish if you go to a Combodian restaurant. I personally did not like it, no flavor compare to how I make it. My hubby ordered the sausages dish..it was very good. Then for desert, we got the fried bananas...DELICIOUS!!! I also got a grilled corn....it was ok. Over all experiment- It was worth a try. I would go back with my Girl Friends.
Cambodian cuisine is definitely not one of those common cuisine you would pick when someone ask, "What you wanna eat?" (Don't say I don't know....!)  However, now you can say how about Cambodian?  Yes, the one and only one Cambodian restaurant in Phoenix is here!  We had a group gathering here for dinner (NAAAP) and the food was delicious!  I can't say the actual name, but I'll use my best Engrish - Beef & Shrimp marinated salad/beef skewers/pot roast soup/fried tilapia topped with mango.  Okay sounds to me like a typical cuisine, but no dude....it was awesome.  Found out Cambodian cuisine is not spicy like I thought it would be.  

Our service was great, this when the restaurant was booked by our entire group - Kudos!  Ambience was really homey - I gather if I lived in a Cambodian household that is....  The decors were originally from Cambodia purchased by the owner (Yut).  I didn't want to touch anything; felt like I was in a museum.

Towards the end of the night I start to make dessert - yes "Me" was cooking!  They showed us how and what ingredients.  Needless, to say I didn't perfect the art, but it still passed and was yummy!  Take that Chef Ramsey! - Enjoy!
Delicious, vegan-friendly, cheap, awesome!  Tiny place, blink and you'll miss it, but the decor is lovely and the staff are really nice!
I ordered Phnom Penh Noodle Soup and a Spring Roll. My Spring Roll was amazing, and gigantic for 2 bucks. The soup was ehhh. I order a similar dish at my top Viet spot, and I just can't find it better anywhere else. My buddy got some meat and rice plate. His fried rice was super dry. The service was excellent. Decor was quaint. I will give it another try someday.. Maybe.
The food was absolutely delicious.  Was very surprised in finding a good Asian restaurant here in Phoenix.  We had the papaya salad with soft shell crab, Phnom Penh noodle soup, and the lehong noodles.  All were delicious and very SE Asian.  I could not believe how great the food was.  But the best part was the grass jelly drink - it brought me back to my childhood.  Can't wait to try the other dishes here.  A definite must try here in Phoenix.
Hooray for Yelp, otherwise I might never have found this place even though it's in my neighborhood.  And to be honest, even if I had literally found it, I might not have tried it.  But I'm so glad I did!

My husband and I went for dinner on a Wednesday night, and although not crowded, the restaurant was pretty busy, which I'm happy about. I want this place to stick around.

I've never had Cambodian food before, but as others have reported, it's a lot like Thai and Vietnamese food with French influences, which is not surprising.  I had the crepes.  They were filled with shrimp, ground pork and bean sprouts, and they came with mint, lettuce, cucumber slices, and cilantro.  I used my hands to make little crepe/lettuce rolls and then dipped them into the fish sauce.  I'm not certain that's how I was supposed to eat them, but it worked for me, and they were delicious!  My husband had the lak lok (I think that's what it was called--marinated beef pieces on a bed of greens with a side of rice), and he really like it too, although I think mine was better. . . .  We also each had a monster spring roll to start.  We really could have shared one, but I'm kind of glad we didn't.  Finally, we each had the iced jasmine tea.  It was very refreshing, with a floral undertone.

I'm already planning my next meal here.  There were so many things on the menu that looked yummy.

Two final comments:  Yes, service was slow, but not horribly so.  And the food was so good and fresh that all was forgiven once it arrived.  And this is not a "sketchy neighborhood"!  It's central Phoenix, not Scottsdale, and frankly that's exactly why I live here.
I need to go back. At this point, I can only go by the farts that this place created after my first visit.

Blah blah blah charming. Yes. This is true. 

But 3 bites into whatever charming stuff we ordered, I was farting. Good farts. The kinda new, exploratory farts I Iove. The kinda farts that say: Hey buddy, this isn't Pho. This sammich isn't simply a Jambon Beurre with colonial French asian stuff on it. This stuff made me react.

I'm definitely going back.
This place is lovely. I stopped in for lunch today after reading the ROTD. It is a little hard to find, and could use some more prominent signage, but I found it. I was the only one there for lunch, and my server was attentive at just the right moments, but not obtrusive at all. 

For $9, I got an enormous bowl of chicken soup (the Cambodian version of Pho, for reference), a gigantic spring roll, and a glass of grass jelly juice, which I can only describe as a boba-like drink. 

I am so glad I found this little place, because it will be such a nice change of pace to get my southeast Asian food fix in a friendly, clean, cute restaurant instead of braving the health code disasters on 19th Ave. 

Please seek this place out and give it your business so we can keep it alive!
Great food at very reasonable prices.  The spring roll was quite big and very tasty. The chicken noodle soup was enormous. All 3 of us thought our meals were great and the service was very friendly. The tapioca dessert was absolutely wonderful.   The books about Cambodia on the tables are a very nice touch.  The restaurant is difficult to find because there isn't really a sign and parking is in the back.  But it is definitely worth a trip.
Fresh, tasty, authentic. Pretty decor. Casual yet elegant service. Definitely made me want to go back!
WOW! Just try it. Delicious! Best Spring Roll I've had in a long time. The Phnom Penh soup was exotic and fabulous. The owners obviously care about their food and their homeland. I will definitely go back soon.
Great little (and only) Cambodian restaurant in phoenix. Great variety of food and friendly service. Very clean and inviting interior full of Cambodian decor, there are even some Cambodian books on each of the tables to look at while you dine.

If you like Thai and Vietnamese food this place is basically a fusion of the two. I tried the Loat Cha noodles and they were excellent, with beef and eggs . Only downside was the small portion, would have expected a bit more for the price. For desert I tried the corn. Although to most people corn would be part of the main course this treat was essentially a roasted corn on the cob smothered in a sugary, and fish sauce type glaze. It was excellent and a great alternative to a typical desert item.


Place was a bit hard to find the restaurant name was on the side of a building and not facing the street, and the entrance to park is off to the side of a mechanic shop which is not very apparent.
This is the best. I had Kathew Phnom Penh(noodle soup). I felt like I am having this dish in my hometown (Bangkok). The Banana Tapioca Pudding is also great. I will definitely come back again.

The music is great. I felt like I was in the sexy/fanny lounge in the 60s.
Nice ambiance, clean, very friendly and cheap. Cambodian food is some what like Thai but not as spicy. I do dare to say not as flavorful (yikes) We sampled curry, a sandwich, and a chicken/rice dish. All were good but wish it had a little more flavor. Sandwich was good and sooooo cheap!!! Definitely a try and would not mind going back but so many other places to try.
First off, let's get this out of the way...I'm Cambodian and I was so excited to hear Phoenix had a Cambodian restaraunt when I moved here...

After a job interview one day, I decided to come here for lunch...Place is a little small, so you might drive past it a couple times before finding it.

When I walked in, I was greeted by a waiter who was wearing traditional Cambodian clothes...Pretty cool...

I decided to get the Khmer BBQ rice platter. It came with 2 beef skewers, 2 chicken wings, pickled carrots/radish salad, 1 eggroll and rice. It was delicious...It felt like home cooking to me.

The only complaint I have is that it left me hungry still. The portions could be bigger but the prices are very cheap here so I guess it works.

I'll definitely be coming back sometime soon when I miss my mom's cooking.
I've been sayiing for a long time Phoenix needs a broader diversity of ethnic restaurants beyond the standards. Enter Sekong By Night. This quaint little place tucked on the north side of Indian School is well worth the visit, despite the difficulty you will likely have in finding it. 

While culinarily similar to the likes of Thai and Vietnamese food, it is different enough to stand on its own. There are standard spring rolls, but then you can get into the meat dishes and this pancake/crepe thing that is my new favorite. I'm excited for it to cool down just a bit here so I can justify eating more of their soups, of which they have many. 

It's run by this young guy who is incredibly nice and is more than willing to give my girlfriend and I some advice on our hopeful and potential travels to the region. I think his mom is the chef, which makes this a great "mom and pop" (mom and son, really) place worth the trek from any point in the valley.
Foodie from Cali here on business. Nicely done dishes with authentic flavor. Ling Shrimp to die for - at ridiculous bargain prices. 5 stars if they expand menu. Very nice family setting.
Finally! A restaurant in Phoenix that serves my ideal banh mi! Technically its not a Vietnamese sandwich, but it does taste a lot like one. In the search for a wholesome banh mi, I've gone to about 6 Phoenix Vietnamese restaurants in the past year and have been disappointed in their banh mi's every time. Either the bread wasn't fresh enough, there was too little meat or there wasn't enough asian mayo, none were good enough for my liking. Today, I decided to try Sekong's Noumpang Saiko Ang, which is a grilled beef Cambodian sandwich. This sandwich was fabulous! The bread was just the right amount of crispy outside/soft center, the beef was tasty and tender, and the best part, enough mayo that has been so lacking in my previous endeavors. I would say the only thing missing is fresh jalapenos, which I am sure they would add if I request it. Now that this heavenly sandwich has touch my lips, my only hope is that the fresh ingredients remain consistent. I also want to come back and taste their beef noodle soup that looks a lot like pho too.

For the people that have not been here before, this place is not easy to find. I drove here with a GPS and still passed it. Its right next to the auto place, so if you see that you are very close.
I've been here about 5 times in the past month and yes, though you may have to wait a bit for service depending on how busy they are, the experience is totally worth it. Tonight my trusty companion had the curry for the second time and unabashedly stated it is the best she has had. I snuck several bites myself an agree. I've had several dishes so far and my favorite is the Phnom Penh Soup, though the Loat Cha and the Katheaw Cha are close seconds. The Spring Rolls with the fish sauce are a "must have"- perfect. They have BYOB. We brought a nice Riesling with us, which is a perfect wine for this cuisine. 
The fact that it is hard to find is intentional. These folks are "in it to win it" and are growing at a pace that they can manage. 
Go there, be patient and when Yut smiles at you, he means it!
I give it a 5 for value, for this price point the food is amazing, and for overall experience, the decor is nice and travel books about cambodia are on most tables are a neat touch. 
While I have been using Yelp for atleast two years, this is my first review! That should suggest something about this place. My husband and I went for dinner last night and on the drive home discussed our reviews. He gave it a four - but only because he suggested the need for additional wait staff. 
Back to my five, Value: we had 3 courses, all delicious and and wonderfully presented for less than $40 with a good tip included! Drinks: we had the house ice tea (very clean), basil seed drink (crazy fun) and with dessert  espressowith condenced milk (sweet and strong). Food: Spring roll (good)& egg roll (top notch); the Baiynchaiv crepes(at first bland but once we played with the side -delicious- so here is a hint, we took the mintand cilantro and wrapped it in the lettuce and dipped that in the sauce and ate it with the crepe) and the Katheaw Cha flat wide noodles with beef and shrimp (the beef is very tender- delicious); grilled corn (crazy fun and a perfect finish). Service: As others have pointed out this is a two person show that has only been open 6 months- there is one young man waiting all tables... so prepare yourself to wait for a table and for the food to come out slower than other places. Personally, that made me love the place even more. It was a meal that progressed at a leisured pace and gave us time to read the books at our table and learn a little about Cambodia.
It is a double edge sword to write this review because I want this restaurant to succeed- they are doing everything right... but with more customers comes crowds and we anticipate an increase to a more accurate price point. So when you go be patient and enjoy this lovely experience, tip your waiter well and join me in the hope that this business is able to grow without changing a thing:)
FABULOUS CAMBODIAN CUISINE!  

Just like being on an exotic vacation tasting new flavors from top chef pretty platters in almost a Cambodian Museum .

This small restaurant is easy to miss depending on your direction driving here because the sign is only painted on one side of restaurant . Once you walk in you see a display of Cambodian relics including very old musical instruments , nick nacks  and visitor books on Cambodia on every table .

Our server was very friendly and welcoming and understood we needed a little time to decide . 

I decided on the Loc Lak , it was pan fried beef cubes over a salad platter that came with  pickled green papaya and carrot salad , egg roll and steamed white rice . This dish was prettier than I can describe but it was also more tasty than I can describe as well . I tasted unusual flavors I never tasted before that were very good sort of tangy slightly garlic almost a mint flavor but not mint and a lingering honeysuckle note in my throat . The beef was very tender not fatty or oily one bit but it needs to be mentioned that it was a very small portion of beef my guess is two ounces . I also really enjoyed the green papaya carrot salad it was so light and fresh but also spicy , every thing on the platter was very light and fresh and a very nice meal overall .

My husband had the House Made Beef Sausage platter that also came with steamed rice , egg roll and pickled salad . This platter is a very generous serving of meat you get four sausages that are seasoned in a sweet and sour way and are very good .

We were EXTREMELY HAPPY with our visit and also spent VERY LITTLE the two meals only cost less than $20 we hope to visit again soon . Also a BYOB
My fiance, friend and I decided to try Sekong By Night. My fiance is Cambodian and we were pleased when our friend found this place. We went with an open mind and were delighted with the experience. 
  The restaurant was small and quaint. The decor was modern and traditional at the same time. Pictures of Buddah adorned the walls and the entry way had musical instruments on display. I loved the fact that there were Cambodian books on all the tables, great idea especially because most people don't know about Cambodia. The place was very clean and comfortable.
  The staff was amazing. Friendly, cordial and genuine. You could tell that this family run business really takes pride in what they do. Our server who is the sister of the owner came by and we had such a nice talk. Everyone came out to greet us, the owner, the owners mother. We all felt comfortable and welcome. 
  The food was DELICIOUS. They paid attention to detail and presented the food elegantly which added to the experience. We tried different dishes and shared family style. For an appetizer we ate Bok Lahong (papaya salad) and for our main courses we ate Lok Lak (which was beef cubes on a bed of lettuce), Somlaw Majou Manorah (pineapple soup) and Bai Morn (chicken and rice). Everything was so yummy and we finished with Jaek Kteeh (Banana Tapioca Pudding) which was to die for!
   The only suggestion that I have is that Sekong By Night should be added to google or have a website so that people can find out more about the place. It's a little hard to find, so this might help.
  Overall this was one of the best restaurant experiences that I have had. The staff was extremely friendly, food was authentic and delicious, the decor was exotic and inviting. Can't wait to go back and try out the other dishes. 
 

Kat, Chan and Emily
Great Cambodian food. Unique drinks and dishes. My husband and I just discovered this restaurant and was fascinated by it. Great service and just great all around. Beautifully decorated. There is just nothing bad I can say about this wonderful place. I hope it stays around for a long time so that we can continue to enjoy it.
The food is great.  I attended the event, "A Taste of Cambodia"  put on by NAAAP Phoenix Chapter.  Arizona Asian American Association was there as well.  AAAA had their meeting there after the event.  You can check out the photos here: http://markzemnick.com/?p=381.  Photos:  Copyright 2011 Mark Zemnick.  All Rights Reserved.  www.MarkZemnick.com  www.AAAA-AZ.org  www.NAAAPPhoenix.org
First off, I have never had Cambodian food so I might be biased....but this has been one of the best meals I've had in Phx (for the price)!

Since my fiance and I have never tried any Cambodian food, we thought we'd try a good variety:
Jasmine Tea (hot): Good tea, very floral and aromatic
Spring Roll: It was HUGE and similar to Vietnamese spring rolls. Order 1 and you'll have enough to split with someone else.
Pleah Beef Salad: Never thought I'd ever eat or like beef in a salad but it wad a wonderfully clean and refreshing taste.
Loat Cha: I've never seen this type of noodle! It was serves with egg and beef and one of my favorite dishes of the evening.
Noumpang Pate (Pork and Pate Sandwich): Good sandwich and nice bread for $3...similar to those Vietnamese sandwiches.
Banana Tapioca Pudding: This was a banana with a texture similar to a plantain, that was submerged in a hot bowl of tapioca and coconut milk. Very simple and enjoyable, and a 3$ for 2 people, I can't complain. It's a great dessert to finish the meal off.

So, all-in-all, we got out of there with 3 entrees, an appetizer and dessert for under $30...WOW!

If you couldn't figure it out by now, Sekong has gained two new repeat customers :)

FYI: this place is difficult to find if you are driving west on Indian School Rd and you won't realize you passed it until you see the 99 cent store. So after 16th St and 13th Pl, keep an eye out for a sign that says parking in the rear and drive into the parking lot, otherwise you won't find this place until you make a u-turn...the sign is visible when you are driving east.
This place rocks! The food was amazing and the staff (family owned and run) were the absolute nicest. Don't forget to try the Basil Seed Drink, amazing! Love the Cambodian travel books on each table.
How have I lived a few blocks from this place and just now found out about it?

I'm all about ethnic foods, and Sekong will find itself toward the top of my list.  The most expensive menu item is $10, with most meals about $8.  Most meals come in combo form with rice, soup (Winter Melon at the time we went, delicious), an egg roll and some pickled vegetables.

The decor is awesome - warm and welcoming, with each table featuring a few Cambodian travel books.  Service is awesome and helpful.  The menu has just about anything you could want but it isn't overwhelming (don't worry, nothing is too adventurous).
This is small place, but I can tell they gave a lot of attention to details. The atmosphere is very inviting and impeccably clean.

I went with a group of 8 last week, so I had the chance try several different items. All were excellent! I especially recommend the beef skewers and the tapioca pudding.
We went to Sekong by Night last night. It was some goodness! We had divine spring rolls, soup that reminds me of Pho (one of my ultimate favorite soups), beef and noodles, and Shrimp with a black pepper sauce.  My general descriptions are not doing this place justice. 
It is a tad difficult to find...so look between the Aurthur Murry Dance Studio and the 99 cent store. The atmosphere was very relaxing, service was outstanding, and price for portions were great! I was skeptical to try...but my Yelp friends have yet to steer me wrong. I ended up with a satisfying and tasty dinner :)
Lets fill this place up with patrons! It is Sekong super yummy!
Really excellent food. Took our whole company there to celebrate a recent success and they loved it. I highly recommend the fried rice. Very tasty and not greasy. I like it because the food is very authentic yet simple and made with love. Waiter is awesome. He even played a Cambodian xylophone for us!
Wow....the food was very good and it seemed very authentic since there were what appeared to be Cambodian clients....yes racial profiling is part of my search of authentic dishes.  The signature fish dish was excellent and the service was very good.  I also tried the basil seed drink....very good!!
Finally, a Southeast Asian food pulse around CenPho. When I first moved here, one of the things I noticed was how few choices there were when it comes to Asian cuisine. So nice to see something a little less common like Cambodian food get represented. 

The spring rolls are a must. For $2, you get a very heavily stuffed roll of rice paper touting chicken, shrimp, cilantro, carrots, etc. The beef salad is also a winner. The seafood soup is flavorful and just might literally nourish the soul. The sandwiches with the pork pate are a great lunch choice. One day, I got one plus a roll to go--all under $6. Of the desserts, everyone should try the sweet and salty corn at least once. The tapioca is my favorite. Light and warm. 

The best part about eating here is knowing that your money is going toward a very genuine and kind Cambodian family. I have spoken with the chef/owner's son every time I go in. A real sweet guy who will demonstrate how to play the xylophone-esque instrument that is the centerpiece of the main dining room. Speaking of, I love all the touches of decor i.e. travel books on Cambodia at every table. 

I really, really hope this place does not go the way of some mom-and-pop operations in Phoenix that had really great things to offer. I've been disturbed by the lack of customers I've seen a few times. I want this restaurant to really succeed. I don't want the lines out the door (otherwise I can't get in. ;P) but I want to see a steady stream of patrons. This place really has a chance to be a good-size fish in a big pond. It doesn't fit a cookie-cutter mold and it's got a fantastic bill of fare to show off.
This was my first time to Sekong By Night.  I have had Khmer food before, which is ironic, as my wife is from Vietnam, but never had Khmer food from Cambodia.  She has to come to the USA to experience Khmer food!!  I have eaten Khmer food in San Francisco CA, and in Siem Reap.

Both my wife and I were pleasantly surprised with Sekong By Night.  It looks like a tiny little forgettable restaurant from outside on the street, but once you step inside. you can see the owner put some thought into the decor.  It really looks Asian.  It is as though the owner went on a shopping trip to Phnum Penh and came back with tons of artwork for the place.  

The Amok fish is really nice.  Reminded me of a cafe I had dinner at in Siem Reap some 9 years ago when I was seeing Angkor.  The fish was fresh.  My wife wanted to switch with me (she ordered the Katheaw Cha).  

The Katheaw Cha is also very good.  

I ordered a Coconut Juice as my drink expecting it to be canned.  It was fresh, and smelled fresh (a pleasant surprise!!!)

My wife ordered the Grass Jelly drink, and it was also good.  

I really wish that this place was in Mesa AZ, as I would go more often.  Maybe so, I will make the drive again to this place from Mesa as appropriate.  This place was a pleasant surprise and I wish the owner great success.  I want this restaurant to succeed.  

The only place where the Khmer food was better (for me) was Siem Reap, but then it is perhaps a little unfair to compare a restaurant in the USA to what really is available in Cambodia.
Arrgghh!  Is it possible that Arizona has a better Cambodian restaurant than San Diego?  REALLY?
Love of My Life (LOML) & I are trucking into Phoenix and need some food.  It is !?&%?ing FREEZING (I actually saw snow earlier) and I crave hot liquid and the LOML is sick&coughing...  what to do?  What to DO?
We find this place on Yelp (thank you, Yelp!) and hoof to it. 
Having fed well in Cambodia, I have serious doubts about authenticity & quality of this place,  but am ready to be indulgent.... 
But!!!  I discover that there is no need to be patronizing, this place is wonderful!
I had the beef rice noodle soup ($6):  the broth was so flavorful that I was frustrated with the tiny spoon - I wanted to SHOVEL the bad boy in!!!!
LOML had the amok ($10).  We both expected some kind of stew...  but here it was a nicely steamed piece of fish (or shrimp, if you prefer) fragrant with lemongrass & kaffir lime leaf all contained in a spiffy banana leaf wrap.  Wonderful!  
Entrees were generous enough to satisfy, but due to lack of fat, light enough to allow us both dessert:
LOML had the sweet rice with jack fruit and I had the roasted corn with sweet&salty syrup (WTF?!?  I had to try it!).   
"Sweet rice with jackfruit" ($3) was elegant tubes of sweet rice waltzing with exotic jackfruit - not exactly the butter/sugar porn one learns to expect from desserts, but intriguing and far from hard to eat.
"Grilled corn with sweet/salty syrup" ($3) smelled deliciously of carmelized veggie sugar and was wonderfully smoky/sweet/salty.  If you've ever had the sugar/salt craving.... 
(Service was really lovely.  When I mentioned to the nice young man who waited on us how much I wanted to taste the lemon/garlic/pepper dressing in the lok lak beef - which I didn't order cuz the weather was too cold for "salad" - he brought me a little bowl of it, complete with two tasting spoons!)
This really is a wonderful little restaurant!
Thank you Phoenix Yelpers for leading me to this awesome place! What did we do before Yelp was born?! 

My family and I decided to road trip to Phoenix for the new year. Since we have never been, it sounded like a fun idea. We were staying off of Camelback Rd, which appears to be a popular place for most of the cool places we found. I Yelped some restaurants and even though we were looking for Thai, I was excited to try Cambodian. My husband and I honeymooned in Thailand almost 5 years ago and I have heard the food is similar.

We trekked out to the place and upon arrival, we were leery of the location, but from experience, I know that most of the best ethnic foods are found off the beaten path. I kinda dig that, but in a new city...you don't really know where you are. Putting that aside, we walked into Sekong by Night and were greeted by two dining hipsters. They were so nice and just randomly decided to say hello as we entered. I like it already!

The place was set up with cool picnic-style tables and the front had some Cambodian furniture and decorative items. I like the authentic look of this place. The tables had books about Cambodia on them, so you could get educated while you waited. The young waited greeted us promptly. He was a friendly guy and was always there when you needed something.

I ordered the Red Curry, since there weren't a lot of vegetarian options. There were 6 items that could be made vegetarian. We also got some jasmine tea. I have to say, I have had many red curries, from many places and this one was one of the best! It was bringing back flavors from Chiang Mai, which was one of our stops in Thailand. I seemed to recall the food being this good there and I was happy to consume again!

I wish we had this place in San Diego! Go to Sekong by Night if you live in Phoenix! Even if you are visiting...go! You will be pleasantly surprised and so will your taste buds! It made me want to travel again!
What else can you ask for? Tasty food, GREAT SERVICE, nice decoration and on a large group they WON'T enforce gratuity!

Of course we were more than delighted to tip well the guy that served us! I ordered the pork sandwich and thou I'm fan of Lee's...this one goes on the top of my list. GREAT! soft still crunchy baguette that matched the ingredients inside. My friends had different things and all tasted good. One of the favorites was the rice crepes and a fish cooked in coconut milk.

Thank you Sekong!!
Why 1 star? Bad part of town, food not fresh.  

We tried on a whim from great yelp reviews.  I was in Cambodia 5 months ago and really loved some of the food we had there.  I ordered the Amok fish, which was one of the best things I ate while in Cambodia.  Sekong's tasted like a bad frozen dinner that had been reheated several times.  I didn't finish it because I was scared I would get sick. Not impressed by the beef sandwich - beef wasn't fresh, bread was too hard, cilantro seems like it may not have been washed thoroughly enough.  The egg rolls and soup were nothing to write home about.

Also, we were not aware this is not in a great part of town.  We wanted to sit facing the door but our bench was wobbly....booo.  We were on guard in the parking lot and finished our meal quickly and made our way back to the highway.

Don't do it!
Lovely place, really enjoyed the vegetable broth soup.  It was really fresh, and the sauces included with were really tasty!  This place is a must visit!
I couldn't even find this place! took me so long to locate but I did. I ordered beef skewers with rice and a banh mi. The soup that came with it lacked some flavor, maybe i'm just use to fish sauce overpowering most of the soups i drink.. However, Skewers were real good. Actually they were really yummy, the banh mi was way oversauced with mayonaise and pate though. It was basically dripping off my sandwich. I liked it but would have liked it A LOT more with less condiments and MORE meat. There was only one thin meat patty. I would return to this place if I was near. Gave one less star because it was pretty pricy, I could have gotten a sandwich for way less somewhere else and just as good.
This was my first of what I hope to be experiences of Cambodian food.  Everything was so tasty!!  Fresh and fairly healthy.  The service is impeccable and it is family owned and operated.  I have a fish allergy and they were sooooo accommodating!!  You must try the born mai, jackfruit dessert, and tea.  I would encourage going with a group of friends and eating family style.  I went in a group of 6 and we made out for under $100 total and that includes the BYOB costs.  I will be back!!  Sign up for their mailing list and get a 10% off coupon via email!!
We went here tonight as a family. It was GREAT! Service was fantastic, friendly & welcoming & all the food was very good. I wish I knew all the names of the dishes but they didn't stick in my head. My husband & I had a lemongrass chicken dish on rice - wonderful.   Our son had beef skewers which he devoured & our other son had Shrimp & beef on noodles. It was all delicious & the prices are inexpensive! We'll put this on our places to come back too!
We tried this place twice over the last 6 months or so, and the second time really sold us.  Will be back for more :)

The sign for the restaurant is a little hard to see if you're coming from the east side of Indian school.  We missed the turn our first time, but saw it as we passed by and turned right around, no problems here.  The sign is much easier to see on the west side of the road.

First time there, we ordered the pork sandwich, bai morn, and shell-on shrimp.  The sandwich was pretty good, we weren't crazy about the pate, but the rest was great.  (I don't dislike pate, but I prefer it cooked. Just a personal preference.)  I really liked the bai morn - it was fresh and flavorful, yum!  However, we were disappointed with the shrimp...it was good, but far too small to feed my hubby.  Service was good.  Decor is lovely, but what we really care about is the food.

I think that the prices are fair, but the portions are too small.  Sekong has the great misfortune to be located 10 minutes away from a notoriously cheap, tasty, and well known Vietnamese restaurant.  Even though it's not the same kind of food, people can't help but compare the prices.  A couple of the menu items are overpriced - the Jaquai, for example  - but most items are reasonable.  And in their defense, the second time we came back, our meals were larger, so I think that they're catching on ;) 

Second time in, hubby got the sausage and I got the fish, and we both left happy.  The spinach in my dish was a little overcooked, but I loved the flavor of the curry - sour and herby, it was a bit different from Thai and Indian curries, and a really pleasant surprise.  The sausage were tasty as well, and a better portion.

The second time, we saw that they'd added the BYOB options.   Honestly, I really dislike BYOB fees -  I'd prefer that they just serve alcohol instead.

Also, the basil seed drink? Amazing!  I love it!!  Now every time we go shopping at Mekong, I look for the seeds, but so far no luck.  I want to know, where the hell do you guys get them?!  Haha.

Despite my criticisms, I really, really like this place and will definitely be coming back.  I hope they look into expanding the menu too - we'd like to try more new things!  And whoever said this is a bad part of town, please go back to the white-washed  suburb from whence you crawled. This is a real insult to those of us who love our neighborhood!
The food is amazing, the people are nice. Bring a badass bottle of wine and tip good.

Sincerely,
Stop writing essays on yelp about your dumb day at a restaurant. Your an ahole.
I will preface by stating that I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here. At first glance it is similar to every other mom-and-pop Asian diner in town but definitely unique enough to warrant going out of your way for it. The menu isn't necessarily vast but the choices they have make it difficult to decide what to eat, everything sounds delicious.

I had the Amok plate with a Basil drink, which came with a side of rice, lightly pickled veggies, a spring roll, and some warm cucumber soup. I had been instructed to mix the cucumber soup with the rice, which was delicious. The fish itself was served on some greens with a coconut curry sauce in a banana leaf boat (classy touch). Also, I must say that I do not typically eat fish in AZ but this was surprisingly tasty.

After having completely cleared my plate I couldn't help but get some dessert, of which they have a few that all sounded fantastic. I opted for the warm tapioca pudding with banana and coconut milk... I will be going back just for this, it was that good.

Sure it may not have the best location and the dining room may be a bit cramped but I did peek back in the kitchen and it was kept very clean (always a good sign). The service was great and helpful and the food was delicious. They also play native Cambodian Jazz and oldies which makes for a very enjoyable atmosphere.

If you like this kind of food, I don't know anywhere else in town that you can get it and would question if it could be any better. After today, I will be adding Sekong By Night to my recommendations list.
This place is off the main road. Right off. We came in and the place was more than half empty.

It was a poor start. Seated fairly promptly but no drinks brought out for 5 minutes. There was actually no contact at all. Perhaps this is Cambodian or Arizonian (?) level of service?

The menu is fairly straightforward. We got the amok fish, the phnom penh noodles and a spring roll.

Spring roll was very much like a Vietnamese spring roll which isn't my favorite. It was ok but nothing special to me.

The amok fish was steamed fish basically wrapped in a leaf. If this is Cambodia's best then I fear that Cambodians have been missing out on some amazing Asian food. Where was the curry and the flavor? Shame it was like the service - non existent.

Was also supposed to get an egg roll with my meal. Shame had to ask for it and by the time it arrived we had finished eating!! That's piss poor to me.

The phnom penh noodle soup was like pho. It was ok but nothing special. Guess this place seems more Vietnamese to me. That's not bad but selling yourself as Cambodian....???

Not sure how this place gets such a high review...perhaps Phoenix is lacking in good Asian food. This is 2.5 star at best and that's being generous.
Having now got 2 people on my case I thought it would be best to clarify and explain perhaps in more detail.

First off, I didn't mean any offense to Cambodian people as a whole and if they are upset I apologize for my tongue in cheek attitude. I don't know any and from this experience I'm not bothered by that in the slightest.

Secondly, the selling off as Cambodian is an inaccurate statement which I'll happily retract here. It would be unfair to both Vietnamese and other Cambodian restaurants. I was more trying to make the point to those that were wondering what Cambodian food was like, that it is very much akin to Vietnamese food. It's not my fault there are more Vietnamese restaurants in the US and probably based on this I can see why.

Generally I've found that places with a higher yelp rating are harder to get into which makes perfect sense to me. This place was NOT full (about half full when we came in) nor happening despite what the owner says! Funnily enough, he has the cheek to call me a liar?! Insensitive comments - yes. Liar - no. (More on the owner's lying later)

The poor start relates to that and the poor service which the owner disputes (I have no idea why this fact is disputed). If you have to wait over 5 mins. in a restaurant before contact (not physical contact as the owner oddly suggests) then that's a poor sign. I've only been to 500 places so what would I know?!

Then the owner decides that because the food is brought out that makes it excellent service? Are you kidding me?! That was the funniest comment so far. That comment alone is enough to confirm to me that they have no clue to the meaning of the word service. Bringing out dishes is a given! lol Nothing to do with service - I will say the plates were put down on the table nicely if that's what is being alluded to?

The owner could just have asked where I'm coming from and I would have gladly responded with my opinion to which I am fully entitled as is the owner. Should probably think about "customer is always right" before launching a senseless tirade/defense of service! Try engaging your customers and explaining things if it is sooooo different?!!!

I'd add that the menu has a good number of items on it and never did I suggest that they should be able to make or sere every single type of Cambodian dish? That was funny too.

But by far the funniest is the comment about the egg roll coming at the end of the meal. Why would say that and then have a picture of the amok fish with an egg roll on yelp?! Yet the owner calls me a liar? Just own up - you forgot, had a bad day whatever. You think lying is going to make your place look better?!

If I were only judging this place against against other restaurants in the Phoenix area then I would have given it 2.5 stars. Not trying to be generous, I tell it how I see it. I'm glad other people had such an amazing experience but unfortunately we did not. The blame for that must primarily lie with the owner. I'd have thought you would want to satisfy your customers, not like to them!

I give it a 1 star because I am comparing this restaurant to the many others I have visited and base if off the entire experience from start to finish. Why wouldn't I compare it? That's how a rating can be generated! You have to know good to know bad, so that to me is the essence of rating a place, by comparing it to others. It's nothing to do with how fancy a place is or not. e.g. a hole in the wall restaurant with good food and service would get 5 stars to me, but a pricey steakhouse with amazing ambiance but ok food and good service would get 4. Lying to the customer gets 1 star.

To finish (finally!) I apologize for the Cambodian references mentioned earlier, I meant no offense and hope to have cleared those up. However the service was appalling and the food lackluster. That was our experience. Nothing can change that now. Let's see if the owner can come clean or will they have to resort to more petty name calling like they are in the fourth grade!
It was hard for me to find any Asian food in the Camelback area, so we came upon this place on Yelp. It was not bad for Phoenix... but not impressive... over priced but the jasmine tea and service was good & food was decent. The portions were small for the price you pay. If you are starving then be sure to order appetizers or other dishes, or you will have to eat a lot of rice to fill up! I have had better and I guess it could be because I am from California where there are a lot of Asian cuisine to compete with.
Great little place, though a little hard to find. Nice light food, very friendly service.
Food was awesome. My food was amazing & I will be telling many about the place. Prices were good for the amount you pay. I left stuffed.
I have to complaints about this place the location and the amount of food you get.   The location is hard to see off the street and can be hard to get into the parking lot.  My real issue with the place is that it is so far from my house.  The second issue I have is I would like more food on my plate.  Now with that said the staff is super nice, and the food is great.  My wife and I are from Long Beach so we have experienced several different Cambodian places.  This one is as good as any of them.  If this place was not over an hour away we would probably eat here way more often.  Keep up the good work.  If you ever open up another location please do so on the North West side of the valley.
Since I eat Cambodian food every week at home, I wasn't tempted to dine here, but my sis and mom have been wanting to check it out for a while.  

We dined here a few weeks ago and left feeling...underwhelmed.  Service provided by the brother and sister duo was friendly; however, the food, although decent, was a bit too Westernized for my taste.  As another Yelper has mentioned, the portions are too small for the advertised prices.  

We ordered the following (shared between five adults and one child):  1) beef noodle soup (similar to the Vietnamese pho / $6); 2) lok lac beef (marinated pan fried cubes of beef / $8); 3) chicken fried rice ($8); 4) pleah (beef salad $10); 5) bbq platter (shrimp & beef skewers, chicken wings / $14); and 6) pork/pate sandwich ($5).  

The good:
* entrees were presented beautifully on green plates reminiscent of banana leaves
* with the exception of the pleah (beef salad), the food looked good and tempting
* with the exception of the lok lac beef, food arrived in a fairly timely manner 
* the beef skewers were delicious (can really taste the flavor of the marinade, especially the lemongrass)
* iced coffee I ordered was good (albeit a bit weaker than the Viet kind / $3)
* basil seed drink was good (and interesting to look at / $2)
* as previously mentioned, service was friendly
* the restaurant is decorated appropriately with Cambodian items

The bad:
* while the rest of the entrees arrived within 20 minutes after ordering, my lok lac beef was brought to the table an HOUR later
* the portion size of the lok lac beef is more indicative of a lunch serving, not dinner 
* the flavor of the lok lac was decent, but not as robust as usual (perhaps the beef cubes weren't given enough time to marinate)
* the pleah (beef salad) was TOO tart and had us thinking, "where's the beef?" (it did not look nor tasted like the traditional pleah we're used to - Cambodian beef ceviche) 
* bring your sunglasses because the lighting in the restaurant is bright!!!

I know it makes sense to tone down some of the Cambodian flavors, but it's too toned down for my taste.  With that said, if you've not had Cambodian food, Sekong would be a good introduction to the dishes of Cambodia.  Sekong is to be commended for offering Cambodian food to valley residents.  

For authentic Cambodian cuisine, you'll have to go to the LA area.  They don't care about toning down the flavors there to suit Western tastes, because shoot, there are loads of Asians to fill up their restaurants.

(In addition to the food pics from Sekong, I also posted a pic of lok lac beef I ordered from one of the LA restaurants...for comparison.)
This is one of my favorite restaurants to go to ever (and yes, that includes the restaurants in NY as well). 
The atmosphere is fun and inviting, and you can learn about Cambodia from the books on the tables! 
Pretty much every time I've been here, I have been that annoying group (four loud girls drinking too much coffee) that may stay past closing time and love that the owner is super nice to us regardless. My friends and I have never experienced bad service and every time we come in, we are greeted like we are long lost friends!
The food is amazing. I have to admit that I come here mostly for the amazing coffee, that is not the same anywhere else but here or Cambodia, and the giant and inexpensive spring rolls. Because I've been here multiple times, with a few different groups of friends, I've sampled close to everything on the menu and have enjoyed it all.
This is definitely a place that makes me reminiscent of my Asian travels and that, combined with all the wonderful-ness of it, will keep me coming back.
The iced coffee is like a dream. Just as delicious as I remember having in Anlong Veng, northern Cambodia. The beef was much more tender than I expected--so good. Service is a little slow/unattentive by American standards, but you'll just have to chill out and accept it. I love this place!
I have been wanting to go to the one and only "Cambodian" restaurant in the valley for quite a few months and we finally made it and LOVED it from the moment we entered. An aura of love, peace and harmony welcomed us in. LOVED the food!!!!!! It was my husband's 1st adventure  into Cambodian cuisine. He is an adventurous spirit and loves most cuisines so I knew he would treasure the unique flavors of Cambodia. It was cooked by Mom who used to work for Intel. Served by son and daughter. Even though it was busy he found time to converse with us. It was one of those lingering, thought provoking, conversation provoking experiences that stays with you until your next visit.
Careful, you can easily miss the building when driving by! Order family style dishes to share: lemongrass beef Cambodian stir fry, mmm...

I've never eaten Cambodian before so that is why I'm giving it 5 stars. I love the quaintness of the dining room, and there are books about Cambodia on each table that make for great dinner conversation. Staff is friendly and helpful in ordering. Our food was super flavorful, and tasted like Cambodian comfort. I don't have anything to compare it to, but I would image this would be their version of "home cooking." The lemon grass beef stir fry was excellent, and I experienced about 3 different flavor explosions in my mouth while chewing each bite-- same with the Cambodian fried rice. I only wish we ordered the chicken wings because everyone around us were...they looked incredible. I will be back soon to try something new on their menu.
The soup was amazing. Tasted so light and fresh.
Both times I've been here, around 11am during the week, there was no one else in the restaurant.  It was also very warm inside the restaurant - they apparently have a/c issues, which they can hopefully fix since it's 112 outside... Each time I was there I saw people walk up and see the "Cash Only" sign, only to turn around, which is a shame because this is a good lunch spot!

Service was very friendly and the food came out quickly. The Fish Amok was delicious (after the fact I was told I shouldn't eat Vietnamese talapia due to high levels of mercury...oh well.) The meatloaf sandwich was very tasty - it reminded me of a Bahn Mi sandwich from Lee Lee's - and for only $5, you can't beat that! The iced tea is green jasmine, my favorite and one of the best I've tasted in a long time - very fresh! The Katheaw Cha - a stir fry noodle dish was just okay because the noddles were greasy, but the beef & shrimp were tasty.

I've heard the pineapple soup and crepes are must-trys, so I will probably return once it's cooled off outside. Until then, this is a good place, that with a few tweaks could be great.
Reathrey Sekong (formerly known as Sekong by Night) is one of the true ethnic gems of central Phoenix. The cuisine is delicious, the service is very friendly, and the prices are great! I love their katheaw buoh, a really flavorful and hearty tofu vegetable noodle soup; I'm not a vegetarian, but I'll take this over any meat-based soup  any day. I also enjoyed their lok lak beef, a delightful mixture of bold and subtle flavors. Their jumbo grilled chicken wings have a very pleasant garlic-soy flavor; you have to wait for the wings to cool a bit after they are served so that they will attain the peak of crispness. I'm glad I ordered the delicious Cambodian iced coffee with my latest meal - the caffeine buzz kept me from slipping into a food coma. On a previous visit, though, I found the rather intriguing basil seed drink really pleasant and refreshing. I know I'll be making many return trips  here, by myself and also with friends ... share the goodness!
Went here for lunch the other day with a friend.  We shared the Baiynchaiv Crepes and the Noumpang Pate and also had the Spring Rolls.  I had the iced Jasmine tea and my friend had the French Espresso Coffee, which she was kind enough to let me try.  Everything was really fantastic!  I highly recommend this place!
Great little Cambodian find in Central Phoenix that you would totally drive by if you didn't know about it. We got there and were greeted by the nicest staff. After seeing someone order the Crepes stuffed with pork, cucumber and cilantro we had to order them... 2 huge Crepes on a big plate with all the fixings..great start to our meal. I got the stir fried shrimp which was served with rice and an Asian salad with chicken.  Another got the BBQ plate which was a huge serving of steak, kabobs and a chicken wing. My buddy got the Fish Amok which was very good. The plates looked like a work of art and although we had to ask for basic table stuff more than I would have liked the little Asian waitress was so sweet..another great find I wouldn't have known about if I hadn't seen it on yelp.
Went there last night with my guy pal.  Having never eaten Cambodian food,  I felt some degree of trepidation but thought, "What the hey.  Why not?!"  We ordered two dishes to share.  Unfortunately, since the menu items on their website aren't posted, I have no idea what the food dish names are, but the one dish was beef and the other was chicken.  The beef dish was served on a bed of veggies.  Both were quite good and were seasoned to perfection.   We tried the tapioca dessert.  I was stuffed so barely did a taste test.  It was okay; I'm not a big fan of tapioca, but he liked it.  It is a family run operation.  Mom and Auntie cook and son and cousin serve in the dining hall.  We talked to son, Yut.  He told us the history of starting the restaurant. My suggestion for them is get better signage.   Unless one has one's eyes peeled, it is hard to see.   I'd definitely go there again.
Last week was a week from hell, customer service wise.. Today's experience with Sekong By Night has reminded me that there are genuinely good business owners out there. 

My second visit was great. I called ahead to order. The owner told me my food would be ready in 15. When I arrived he was standing up front, holding my food. I paid, and joked with him on how he was so quick to rebuttal the bad yelp reviews. He laughed, and said that he just wanted his customers/potential customers to know both sides of the story. I like that-

My food was excellent. Beef noodle soup is what I usually order from my top pho joints.. Sekong's is on par with them. I do notice slight differences between Sekong's soup, and pho. Sekong's toasted garlic gave their broth a delicious flavor. My spring roll was also delicious. My only complaint would be the sauce choice for the spring rolls. This is just personal preference though. Don't get me wrong, I like the sauce Sekong provided, but I love the hoisen/peanut sauce most Viet places serve up. Not knocking Cambodian tradition or anything :)

Note-
Last time I got the soup with all the guts in it.. I wasn't a huge fan. Maybe someday I will acquire a taste for it. The intestines were a little.. ahem.. ripe. Rightfully so, I mean, doo doo has touched those pieces of membrane in your bowl at some point.. pretty regularly too considering how the digestive system works. Usually I am into all the tripe, and tendons..even gelatinous pig blood at my spot in Tempe.. Shit, throw a knee cap in there too. Intestines just aren't for me right now. I am glad I had the guts to try it though
Finally had the chance to stop in for Cambodian food.  Last time I was in this location it was a hot-dog place.  Great food and great service from this family run friendly place.  I do not recall the name of the dish..but a Cambodian special of tender steak cubes on a bed of rice and vegetables.  Delicious.
I try and eat here at least once every couple of weeks. I love the melon soupm which I add the jasmine rice in it. The Beef salad is awesome! My daughter LOVES to eat here. The food is very fresh. The service is great! I love that it takes a little longer because I know they are cooking from scratch. It was a bit toasty one night, but I asked for the fan to be turned up. No problem. I love the books at the tables and the quaint and cozy feel. I just read "Jess W. " review about cash only, but I have always paid with a debit or other card. Is this new? I alwasy eat there at night though. Maybe call ahead and see, if they swiched to cash only, it's worth the extra 2 minute atm stop to eat here!
My friend and I had never tried Cambodian fare and boy, were we in for a treat!  We decided to give it a try for a Friday lunch, since it was easy access from work downtown. We were pleasantly surprised at the ease of parking, although we almost drove by (it was a quick, tight turn on the west end of the building into the parking area behind).  We both loved the peacefulness of the place and the decor.  There were only a few other occupied tables which is rare for a Friday lunch. We were actually able to converse. My friend ordered the spring roll to start.  It was large and fresh and stuffed with shrimp. She also had a chicken soup with rice noodles (Katheaw Saikmorn), which she said was delicious!  I ordered the Katheaw Cha, which had large, delightfully chewy, tender noodles and perfectly cooked beef, shrimp, and vegetables. I loved the sauce, too. The waitstaff was very helpful and polite, and we felt welcomed. They also refilled our refreshing Jasmine iced teas throughout our meal.  I would definitely recommend Sekong By Night.  I can't wait to bring friends and family here!
This place was easy to drive by. It's right next to a small auto repair place. Parking is in back. Place was empty on Tues at lunchtime.  Jasmine iced tea was  nice starter. Spring rolls & dipping sauce is quite yummy! My lunch was a round rice noodle with bean sprouts and super tender pieces of beef. There was a fabulous sauce on the dish. Not too heavy or spicey. Great taste! If you like any type of asian food, try this place! Reasonably priced too! Most people have no clue what Camboian food is like. this stuff is really good! Friendly staff too.
What is up with the owner. If you're reading this, are you like the Sekong By Night Nazi? I reviewed 3 stars for this restaurant and I get a whole novel, back-sass reply.  

"eventually you found us!  Your mom should be proud." 
What does my mom have to do with anything? What are you trying to imply? Your restaurant was extremely difficult to find. Maybe you should get a BIGGER sign up because as you can read, MANY yelpers have gotten lost/ or stated that couldn't find this place.

The soup did lack quite a bit of flavor. It was BLAND. It was actually a bland version of a wannabe Vietnamese soup my MOM could make at home. The soup came out way before the dish. Sorry your butt-hurt because I don't like your bland wannabe Vietnamese soup. I said it, what are you gonna do about it? 

Few meats on a stick, a bowl of rice, vegetables, and a bland soup for 8 bucks is expensive. I really DID feel jipped. I didn't expect Cambodian food to be this "pricey," especially being in Central Phoenix. My bad, I AM comparing your prices to other asian restaurant in the area. Then again it was my first time actually at a cambodian restaurant and I wasn't satisfied. Again, don't be butt-hurt. 

About your sandwich, I can in fact get it somewhere else for cheaper. There are loads of Vietnamese restaurants in Central Phoenix that don't make their bread and also sell it for 2.00 plus tax. I don't know why you are still calling your sandwiches "Cambodian sandwiches," It may be called differently since it was sold at a Cambodian Restaurant but it's the exact same thing as a Banh Mi sold at a Vietnamese restaurant (my bad because I didn't call it whatever you named it on your menu) but except yours is over-sauced and very stingy on the meat. 

Why would I have to complain about my sandwich to you when I was there? Shouldn't the staff know how to prepare the sandwich? Am I a criminal for stating my opinion and experience on yelp? YOU make me feel like I am a criminal for yelping three stars which means "A-okay". What did you want? five stars? The food wasn't "As good as it gets."
If you would reply saying "sorry for being cheap and stingy on the meats." Then maybe I would want to actually return. 

ATTENTION YELPERS:
Do not yelp lower than 4 stars or the Sekong By Night Nazi will come and get you.
Again, this is sarcasm. Don't get butt-hurt.
Get a life that isn't so focused on the bad reviews you get on yelp. You have so many good reviews, be happy about it. Your reply ticked me off so I had to reply even if it's been months later.
Went here for lunch yesterday with the boss. I did a very cursory glance over the menu on their home page and was delighted to see that they had pho-style dishes here. Then only spent a second to check the Yelp star rating before heading out from the office. I read the reviews, as well as the owner retorts, after I got back home from the office - and laughed over the "butt-hurt one".. *8-) Reminiscent of the infamous Amy's Baking Company review and reply.. http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2010/08/ouch_todays_hard_lesson_on_yel.php for those of you who missed it the first time round..

Anyway, I've never had Cambodian food before, but I'm a big fan of pho and quite partial to Thai food as well. I'm going to agree with the hard-to-findness of the location. The boss let me know where it is, Google Maps AND Waze tried to tell me where it is, and I still had to circle back and triplecheck the map out front of a 99c store before I inched back out onto Indian School and finally dodged into a tiny catty-corner parking lot with a giant Mexican circular water fountain oddly set directly into the tarmac. No other vehicles except the boss' motorbike. Inside, greeted by the waiter (I assume Yutheana) and sat with the boss. Place was completely empty (apart from us) but I liked the decor - including the concave xylophone up front which reminded me a bit of a dinosaur's ribcage. At the table, I ordered a diet cola. It tasted a little odd - not horrible or anything, but sort of.. either the syrup was off or someone had put a tiny bit of honey in it? No matter. I found the description of their Phnomh Penh soup too amusing not to order it - "Got guts? Wahey - so does this soup!" Who could resist heart, liver, intestines, ground pork and shrimp in a pho broth? The boss ordered the Amok Fish.

The waiter came over for a bit of a chat and overheard us talking about how the place was hard to find. Apparently they used to have a sign out front.. which went away for some reason. This place needs blinking neon lights and perhaps a sandwich-board holder wearing a pig intestine costume or something, because it's absolutely nondescript when you're driving past and I'm actually very surprised to see so many reviews - must be word of mouth visits because it sure as hell wouldn't be people going "Hey, check this Cambodian restaurant out that we're driving past.."

Out came our dishes. High marks for presentation - it all looked quite appetizing, especially the fish dish. Unfortunately, flavour wise, mine was.. just a'ight. I honestly don't know what I was expecting, but it wasn't as confrontational a flavour as I guess I thought it might be. In fact it was rather bland. I love spicy food - especially Indian - but usually with pho I drown it in lemon or lime. I put a squirt of lime down on the top and had a few bites. Shrugged at my boss. Surprisingly the lime did nothing for this dish - but a couple of big squeeze bottles of hot sauce had been supplied and I used that instead. THEN the dish came somewhat alive! Interesting.

Would I get the dish I got again? Probably not if I was hungry and/or after something with a little taste to it, but definitely if I wanted to shock friends. The boss didn't mind his but said there were probably four other dishes he'd like to try first before re-ordering the Amok. I didn't hate this place, I certainly didn't think the prices were too high like others observed, but it wasn't stunning enough to warrant more than a "passable" rating IMO.

Now if only someone would open up a MALAYSIAN restaurant - the last time I had a decent laksa was over a decade and seven thousand miles ago. Sigh.

Edit 20120414: I came to your restaurant looking for lunch. My review THEN went on to wish for a Malaysian restaurant, riding a completely different train of culinary thought. Imagine star number 3 on my review start to flicker as its batteries begin to run out.

Edit 20121030: Dropped to a single star based on the smart-mouthed and completely unnecessary response from the owner. Will not return.
I had dinner there yesterday with 12 of my friends.  Everyone had good things to say about the food and we agreed that we would like to eat here more often.
I had a chicken breast (diced) with a slight ginger flavor and green onions.  It was served with rice and slaw and a cup of the most delicious tasting soups.  It appeared to be a chicken broth and was reminiscent of Won Ton soup but without the wontons.  Instead there was cubed slices of what I believed to be melon.  Great choice!!!!  Service was excellent even for such a large party.  Out waiter remembered what everyone ordered without writing anything down.  WHAT A MEMORY!!!!
Kudos to the restaurant and employees!!!  I shall return.
You would never know from the street what the ambiance of the inside of this place is like.  Really surprised me.
Parking lot for patrons behind the restaurant.  Entrance is also off the parking lot at the rear.  Very convenient..
I have been here 2 times in the past week. It is that yummy! The first time i had the pak lok beef - it was very good, the beef was a bit tough but the flavors were amazing. My dinner companion was hoping there would be some adult beverages, but they do not sell alcohol yet. However it is BYOB with a corking fee. The second time i went with my Mom since she is a huge fan of different cuisines from around the world. We shared a cambodian coffee (yuuum and strong!) the crepes and ginger chicken stir fry. The crepes were both our favorite dish, i would still recommend the stir fried chicken though too! Both were delicious. Just a heads up though the chicken used was mostly dark meat, i love this cut of chicken but my mom prefers breast meat (she still thought it was yummy though). All of the meals i had there tasted so clean and fresh, a steal for the prices they have. Both times the servers were super friendly and nice. The time between the two shared dishes was perfect. The ambiance is very pleasant. I'll definitely be becoming a regular at this place.
I had the pineapple soup with tilapia. Yum yum! It's a little bit spicy and very delicious. I tried a Vietnamese coffee: it comes in an intimidating pot thingy that has condensed milk on the bottom and the coffee on top. The coffee slowly drips into the milk and when finished, you stir it up and dump it over ice. Whoa! It is goooooood. You gotta try it!
Amazing! Amazing amazing amazing! I came for my birthday with twelve people, we feasted like royalty on 15 different dishes, brought our own booze, had an amazing time all for under $200 bucks. The service was exceptional and the lok lak and fish amok was better than any I ever had in Cambodia. Go eat at this restaurant! Now!
Everything was great!!!  Super friendly mom & daughter operation....
We have stopped in twice in the last month. A nice little friendly place. We enjoyed the spring rolls they were very flavorful, (some restaurants serve them bland) these were fresh and tasty. We ordered sandwiches to go and requested a slight change to the recipe that was meet with a pleasant attitude. The sandwiches were very nice, bread was great as were the fillings. 
We will come in again and try some other items. 
I do wonder why the owner is offended by the 3 star ratings. I reserve the four and five stars for when my sox are really knocked off and am suspicious of places that have all 4 and 5 stars. The first rule of Yelp for owners is not to be compatitive to the yelpers. All reviews are helpful good and bad.
This place rocks! I live a block away and didn't know what this place was or that it even existed. After discovering a truly hidden gem and trying their food, I was elated. The restaurant is ran and owned by a family. The food tastes like it was made with love and pride. Its authentic from the basil seed drink to the decor of the establishment. Another aspect I loved is that its BYOB. So you can drink a bottle of wine from home without having to pay an arm and a leg for it while you eat. The food is so good and cheap. I've never had anything that i didn't love!
My boyfriend and I have now been here twice and we both get cravings for it! The first time we went, I had the Vegetable Soup with Tofu (can't remember exactly what it was called) and my boyfriend had the Lemongrass Soup. When he asked about the Lemongrass Soup, the waiter warned us that it was very "unique" but it ended up being EXACTLY what my boyfriend was looking for. 

The second time we went in, my boyfriend again got the Lemongrass Soup (which has beef in it) and I asked if it was possible to make a vegetable/tofu or fish version because I don't eat meat but loved the flavor of the broth so much. They said they could make either one for me and I decided on the vegetable and tofu version. It was SO DELICIOUS! So fresh, so flavorful, mmmm! I was really appreciative that they were able to make that for me!

The waiter is always very polite and attentive which is great.

The only difference between our first and second visit was that within a week of our first visit, the prices were raised. The first time we went, we were quite pleased with the prices. I think my Vegetable Soup was $5.50 or $6, and my boyfriend's Lemongrass Soup was $10. Our second visit, the Vegetable Soup was $7 and the Lemongrass Soup was $12. Since we both got the Lemongrass Soup, it was much more pricey than the time before. It just means that we won't be able to come as often as we'd like! I totally understand a business needing to raise their prices based on the economy and being able to maintain their business. Once I am again employed and have the money to support a business with great food like this more often, I will!! Otherwise, when my boyfriend gets his cravings again, maybe he will take me here! ;)
Fresh, tasty
First time having Cambodian food so I don't have a frame of reference to offer but we did enjoy our first experience.  We ordered the round rice noodles and beef on a stick.  They both had really great flavors and I think it's a meal we'd enjoy again.  

We brought our 19 month old but they didn't have a booster seat or high chair.  The service was decent though.  I like how each table had tourism information about Cambodia.  

I can't really say "if you like Cambodian food come here!" b'c as I said before, I don't know how good it is compared to other places but as far as Asian restaurants go, if you are feeling adventurous, try it out!  There's definitely food selection there that's not too weird.
I had never had Cambodian food before going here, but after seeing it featured on the show "Eden Eats" on the Cooking Channel, it looked unique and enticing, so I decided to take my brother here for his 24th birthday. It was excellent!
I started with the tofu and vegetable soup. The tofu seemed like it was made in house, and the vegetables were fresh, crisp, and not at all mushy or over cooked. Very refreshing. I also had the mango tilapia which blew me away. The shredded mango on top of the fish was tangy, spicy, a bit sweet, and just super flavorful! Have never tasted anything like it. The fish itself was grilled, really juicy and flakey. My brother had the beef stir fry which he said was great. I went for the basil seed drink and really enjoyed it. The little basil seeds were like jelly and we both agreed that it tasted like a bomb popsicle! yummy!
The place itself is small and homey, service friendly. Decorated with many Cambodian trinkets and books about Cambodia on each table. It was completely full when we went on a Saturday night. Not in the greatest part of town though. 
Highly recommended!
My friend and I tried out Sekong by Night last night. When we arrived (around 6:30), we were the only guests in the dining room--well, it was Halloween, after all--but within 30 minutes nearly every table was occupied. I can see why. The food is delicious and very reasonably priced. For a $10- or $12-dish, you get an enormous portion. We ordered the lemongrass soup and one beef dish, and even though we ate a ton, there was still some to take home! The dishes were delicious, the food was served piping hot where appropriate, and the servers were upbeat and attentive. I'm so happy to discover Cambodian food--a bit like Thai, a bit like Vietnamese, but all its own. Best thing: you get so much FLAVOR without it being way too spicy to taste anything. Nice homey atmosphere, low-key and authentic-feeling. I will definitely be back and will be recommending that others try this place.
I want to start this off by saying that my wife and I have been to this restaurant twice. We went for the first time a little over a year ago to try something new and swore we would become regulars, well for some reason that didn't happen, and we went again last night.

Anyways, our first visit we had an older lady there helping us get our order (we were getting it to go). She knew about everything on the menu, was not only helpful, but very willing and happy to help. We could not remember exactly what we had ordered, so I won't comment on the specific dishes, except the fact that we loved all of what we had (otherwise, why in the world would we want to become regulars, right?!).....

I lie. I remember one thing that we had, and it was their coffee. Delicious. It comes in a tall glass, with condensed milk at the bottom, and the coffee slowly dripping down on top of the condensed milk. Trust me, get the coffee!

So last night we decide we really wanted to go back here. We had a different server, and younger man. He was just as, if not more so, nice as the first lady that was there. He would explain the differences in the dishes, and when asked what he recommended, he didn't say "everything" (pet peeve of mine). I got the Che Kreung (sp?) and my wife got a dumpling soup. We also shared the Baiykung (sp again?) Crepes. They were delicious! Filled with ground pork, shrimp, and bean sprouts. Served with a side of lettuce, mint, cilantro, cucumber, and fish sauce. All eaten together is truly awesome. 

My wife had Jasmine Iced Tea, and that was surprisingly really good. It comes unsweetened, and I don't think I would want to add sugar to it either.

My wife loved her dumpling soup. It has dumplings, and rice noodles. The broth alone was really flavorful without adding anything into it. If you like Vietnamese Pho, you can get this, or the Katheya (Cambodian version of Pho). The broth for Katheya is chicken and pork broth as opposed to beef broth. They also add fried garlic to it.

My Che Kreung which is a lemongrass stir fry was delicious. Came with pickled veggies (carrots, cauliflower, and cucumber), white jasmine rice, and beef which had onion and green beans mixed in. The lemongrass is definitely there flavor-wise. Everything was truly delicious, and again my wife and I left saying we will become regulars, but obviously, we are slackers :)

Either way, my wife and I really love this little shin-dig. Great service, clean, decent prices, can't go wrong. We will definitely be back, if not as regulars!
Well after discovering this place about a week ago by driving by it, I googled it and found it on yelp.
Since I never had Cambodian food I was curious what their food is like.
Reading all the 5 stars review I knew immediately that this is something I would love.
Sure enough my first visit there today was everything I expected and more.
The place is very clean. Our server was extremely friendly ( not sure if it was the Sekong By Night Nazi) And the food was fresh and very tasty.

We had the Spring Rolls as appetizer and boy those are yummy.
I ordered the Curry Chicken and my partner had the Shrimp Ling.
Both dishes again were fresh and very tasty.
I will be back for more and can't wait to explore the rest of their menu.

BTW, I admire the owner brutal honesty, people who  give this place a 1 star are just naive and should stick to the McDonalds down the street.
Why do you need to slander and business just because your taste buds are not used to freshly prepared food???

Two thumbs up!!
This was my first time trying out Cambodian cuisine and there were no regrets at all. The stuff was friendly, food was tasty and the price of the food is cheap. However, if you are looking for a fancy restaurant with valet parking this is not the place. It is very unique and original. Love it!
After dining in this ethnic restaurant, I seriously want to visit Cambodia. I read some information about this country in books which were on our dining table. 
We ordered their basil seed drink everyone is yelping about :), iced espresso w/condensed milk, Shrimp Ling, Che Kreung chicken/lemongrass stir fry, and tapioca pudding. Everything was freshmade with love. Will come to dine again to try their other dishes!
eat.here.now!
Love it. Great, delicious food. Good value. Very friendly staff who are all family. I love going here in the evenings and having the soup or noodle dishes and of course the spring rolls. Hands down good food and a good experience. Great job!!!
Incredible! Lemongrass Soup may sound strange to beginners but it's so tasty! The sauces are also amazing. Everything we tried was delicious. Elegant yet cozy atmosphere. Good prices and great service.
Saw an episode of this place on the cooking channel and of course had to try it out. A-FRICKEN-MAZING.  The food was was like nothing I've ever tasted.  I will try to go again the next time im in town.
So delicious!! I love the food here and the service is excellent. It's a family owned business and they are always smiling and checking on you! I love their food, decor, and service!
Absolutely delicious food, good quality veggies and very nice atmosphere/service. A little hard for us to find, but a real gem!
Can't say enough about this place. The food is ridiculously delicious.  Try the chicken curry soup. Might be the best I've ever had. The basil seed drinks are incredible. Actually, have been there a few times now, tried something new each time, and each dish was better than the next. And love the fact its BYOB. Their corking fee is reasonable. The atmosphere is so laid back, but so cool. Just chill and comfy. The owner is really sweet too. This place is quickly becoming our "go to" place when we want low key, but incredibly fresh, tasty food at a beyond reasonable prices. We always share an app, each get entrees, and sometimes dessert too, and have yet to pay over $45.  Sekong By Night, we love you.
As a lover of Thai, Indian and good Mexican food - with all the spice and aroma - a friend (who is also a great Italian cook) suggested we try her new "favorite" spot. In Central Phoenix and housed in a former Mexican restaurant, the food served at this little place is about as good as it gets. A family-run place (if it's busy, you'll need to be a bit patient), with tons of parking in the back and not much of a sign out front, that's easy to love after your first meal. 

Not as spicy as Thai, with fresh veggies similar to Vietnamese food, and the richness of Indian, the Cambodian specialties are wonderfully prepared and extremely fresh. Even if you've never had Cambodian cuisine, there is a lot of familiar ingredients and the servers will be happy to help you. This is one of those places where everyone is quite proud of the food they serve and they understand their menu very well.

Try the spring rolls. Both types (fried and fresh) are perfectly made. The main dishes range from rich curries with rice, noodle dishes with chicken, beef or shrimp, and a number of salads. I find the flavors balanced. Not overdone, with the right amount of sour, sweet, salt and a tiny bit of heat. Where I find that some Thai can be heavy on the fish sauce for most American palates, this place seems to serve more delicate flavors.

If you're looking for a little hole-in-the-wall, unusual place, especially for lunch, I suggest giving Reathrey Sekong a try. I actually didn't even know the name until I looked it up here. We always just refer to it as the Cambodian Restaurant - not like there are a ton of them in Phoenix. I'm happy say that we have become regulars and try to visit every few weeks.
I wasn't sure what to expect at this place as I have never eaten Cambodian food, but was pleasantly surprised.  The staff was nice, the interior was better than I expected and the food was quite tasty.  The roll was fresh and delicious...a great way to start your meal.  I highly recommend the beef skewers...flavorful and a little sweet at the end.  Check this place out...unique dining experience in Phoenix!
I just moved here and am always trying to find good food (oh wait, I do that anywhere I go...) but Imagine my surprise when I found a Cambodian place here in Phoenix.  I love eating it at the places back home so I was excited to try this place.  They may be similar is some senses to other asian cultures but they are uniquely their own too.

Tried the Loat Cha and pork pâté sandwich. The loat Cha was a new Cambodian dish for me. Compared to other dishes I've had, I thought the flavor was just ok.  Nothing I'd get again. The noodles were fun shaped but the texture was a bit hard in the middle so not sure if that is normal or it just happened to not be cooked right that day. 
The sandwich was good. Took it to lunch the next day so it held up pretty well when you have them separate the veggies. Very similar to a banh mi (Vietnamese sandwich). 

Prices are higher than what I'm used to at home but I'm assuming ingredients aren't as easy to come by either nor is there a huge competition.  The place is nicely decorated.

They've got Phnom Penh noodle soup which is one of my favorites back home so it will be something I try next time to see how it compares.
My favorite Asian place in area.  If you haven't had Cambodian don't let it scare you, its just like Vietnamese. Family run place, I see us frequenting this place for years to come.  Get the Basil Seed drink, its good and you probably havent had anything like it before.
Wooooweeee!!! Dang this place is good! 

My wife and I came here before seeing a show at the Rhythm Room and we brought our hunger. 

First off it should be known that this place is BYOB so that means you can bring your own beer or wine and maybe other booze stuffs but not sure. We didn't bring our own boozes so we had Coke and Jasmine tea. I had the Coke, bad idea. It's just regular old real sugar Coke, so you know what that's like. It's great if you're at a food truck, but this place has awesome teas and other asian style drinks that are sure to be much better than dang ol' Mexican Coke. I tried my wife's jasmine tea and it was seriously some of the best tea stuffs ever and I drink a lot of tea. 

For food we split the Mi Keaw Noodle Soup, which is the pork dumplings and shrimp one. It was so dang good. You get some plum sauce and chili sauce to season it to taste. They also provide some veggies, etc to add to it. Think pho style stuff.

For our entree we split the Lakhana's Lok Lak Beef I think. It was these delish beef medallions served with a tangy/spicy/gingery sauce and fresh raw veggies. It was super good. My only disappointment is that I wanted to try everything else. 

Anyways, you can bet we'll be back anytime we're in the area for a show.
Phoenix is a tough town for great ethnic cuisine, food that is delicious, fresh, and adventurous....We are not a teeming metropolis of immigrants from SE Asia, so
it was a wonderful surprise to find Reathrey Sekong. I have had years of travel and exposure to Vietnamese food, Chinese, Indian, (the best of each is, sadly, not in Arizona) so trust me, Reathrey Sekong is really, really good. As they say on their menus, Cambodian cuisine is a fusion of Asian, Indian, French, Chinese representing the influences to Cambodian culture, so you will experience lovely flavors, colors, presentations and preparations. Be prepared to be delighted!
Before I get to the reason for the 1 star review let me give you a little bit of background.  I "Yelped" banh mi sandwiches for Phoenix last night because I was craving one and wanted to find out what Yelpers out there think are the best.  I was a bit surprised to see Reathrey on the list as they are not a Vietnamese restaurant, but having patronized the restaurant at least a half dozen times, I decided to read through the reviews.  

My boyfriend and I originally went to the restaurant after reading the glowing article in Phoenix Magazine.  Our first visit there was pretty uneventful.  We ordered the Mi Keaw soup, spring rolls and the crepe (which by the way was served slightly burned with that side facing down- but I never complain about my food and ordered it again on later visits).  My only real complaint that first evening was the incredibly uncomfortable bench seating.  On subsequent visits we opted for the tables in the center of the space.  I have tried a number of different things on the menu and while having no other Cambodian food to compare it to I find it to be just meahhh.  My boyfriend on the other hand loves the Mi Keaw soup and has ordered it as take out a number of times and is the reason for our repeat business.  In my opinion the Pho at many valley Vietnamese restaurants is much tastier.

Okay - back to the reason for the one star review.  So here I was reading through the reviews when I started coming across the owner's incredibly RUDE, SARCASTIC, CONDESCENDING, DISRESPECTFUL and downright UNACCEPTABLE responses to his less than stellar reviews.  I have three words for you GET OVER YOURSELF!!! I don't care if you are running a Michelan star rated restaurant (which CLEARLY you are not) that type of disgusting behavior will run your business into the ground.  I, for one, will be spreading the word and NOT in a good way.  

Sincerely,
A very disappointed EX-patron
Everything at Reathrey is full of fresh herbs, flavor, soothing, amazing fragrances and probably some voodoo. Maybe a little magic.

Best of its category in Arizona, by far... Oh, and I don't think I've ever said this about anywhere ever, but get the corn. Absolutely get the corn.
This was one of if not the best Asian meals my wife and I have ever had.  

The dishes and flavors are distinctly different from Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese or Malaysian (although of course there is some overlap). Everything we got was great. I got the Amok fish which was incredibly delicious and beautifully plated in a banana leaf. I also got the basil seed drink which was great and really unusual.  My wife got one of the noodle dishes which was also very good.  

The decoration and atmosphere is very nice.  It would make a good date night restaurant. Service was a bit slow but friendly.  Also, we showed up just before closing time and it wasn't a problem and we never felt rushed.  

All in all, a great experience and amazing meal.  We will definitely be going back.
Fantastic Food in a cozy cute place.  I'm oficially loving some Cambodian food after going here.
This is a hidden gem in central phoenix. The beef noodle soup, which is my go-to meal, is a milder and garlicky version of pho. When the soup is combined with their light as fluffy bread sticks, it makes a great and pretty complete meal. I also recommend their spring rolls and beef skewers. My friends all love their boba drinks and basil seed drink. The only item I would avoid is their iced tea - it tastes like a floral perfume. 

This place is a great place to eat, but the 4 star instead of 5 is due to SSSSSSLLLLLOOOOOWWWW service. DOn't come here for lunch on a workday, because you'll be here forever. Oh, and the bathroom never seems to have paper towels.
Wow.. What a great little place to eat. Everything from the coffee and boba smoothies to the delectable food is wonderfully made. A nice addition to the usually bland Phoenix food scene....
This place is a total disaster.  I liked the food here, and that is usually the only thing I base my rating on.  I'm fine with a dive that makes no attempts at great service.  My experience here was just so terrible that I can't give them more than 2 stars.

First, on a 116 degree day, the temp in the dining room was about 90 degrees and very humid (even though it was dry outside).  I'm not sure if their AC was broken or they were using swamp coolers.  Everyone there was sweating, patrons and staff.  It wasn't so bad when we walked in, but after 40+ minutes I couldn't wait to just get outside.

They also had broken credit card machines.  So, they brought out an iPhone to process my card.  The server stood over me and said I was supposed to select 15, 20 or 25% tip and sign.  It was very awkward.  I always tip 20%+, but that alone made me want to tip less.  I asked for a receipt because it seemed a little weird and they said their printer was broken, but that they could email me a receipt.  I gave my email and never received a receipt.

As for ordering.  I love banh mi, so I was excited to try the Cambodian sandwiches.  My dining partner and I ordered the pork sandwich, a lemongrass chicken, spring roll, basil seed drink and an iced coffee.  After taking our order, they came back 10 minutes later to say they were out of the bread for sandwiches.  This was odd because it was early at lunch time and this is one of the main categories of options on their menu.  I guess they just forgot to order some that day, it's not like they ran out.  We ordered the crepes instead.  

The lemongrass chicken was awesome.  The melon soup it came with was very light and good, but almost impossible to eat because it was so hot in there.  The pickles on the side were the best part.  So good.  The crepe was ok.  It was like a vietnamese banh cuon, but not as good.  

The coffee was good, but we didn't get it until after the meal was entirely finished.  We weren't eating fast or anything and we ordered it before the food.  So, I'm not sure what the issue was there.  

I would recommend getting take out.  This place is a total disaster, but they have great lemongrass chicken!
The place started out as "Sekong by Night", and I haven't been back since the name change. Not to worry though, it's the same family owners, who simply decided to change the name. 

If you enjoy Vietnamese pho, then you would most likly appreciate their katheaw noodle soupls. Noodles? My fave in here is the katheaw cha, fat noodles with Chinese broccoli, shrimp and beef in what seems like an oyster sauce. The papaya salad is refreshing, also. The place has two dining rooms, with the smaller one to the east side of the building complete with a tiny little bar area. 

Excellent ambience for a date. Family-run, and family serves you.
Just excellent.  Intense, fresh flavors that don't quit.

I got the BBQ combo platter; everything was super tasty.  Even the little bowl of soup was outstanding.  Note:  this dish is pretty big, I would have liked to have had someone to share with.  

Service was also outstanding, really friendly and informative, even though I rolled in 20 minutes before closing.  

I'm really impressed, I usually don't find Southeast Asian food this good in my travels outside San Francisco.  Try it.  You will like it!
We had a good experience. I met up with some friends and we split three dishes family style. Unfortunately, I arrived after my friends ordered so I'm not sure what each dish was called.

The building can be easy to miss but there is plenty of parking, which is nice. The restaurant is tastefully decorated and the service, while a little slow at times, is still pretty good. I liked that our server explained what each dish was and how to eat it; I'm new to Cambodian food so his explanations were really helpful.

We had a beef noodle dish, which was really tasty. I like the texture of the noodles and the beef had a wonderful flavor. We also had a beef dish with a sour, crunchy sauce, raw vegetables, and rice. The beef was good, and the sauce was very interesting. Our last dish was fish - really great flavor. Again, I didn't see the menu so I can't list the names of the dishes - sorry! :(

I did feel the portions were a little small for the price, but I do realize that the ingredients are probably expensive to purchase in Phoenix, so I can understand the justification for the price. It wasn't outrageously expensive, so I was fine with the final cost of our meal. Overall, very nice food and very cute restaurant.

I would have given this restaurant 4 stars but I decided to only give 3. I love Yelp, and I depend on reviews, good and bad, to help guide my decisions. I do agree that the customer is not always right, but I think the high and low ratings for this restaurant are fair because everyone has a different experience, palate, expectations, etc. I'm fine with the owner defending the restaurant against poor reviews, but many of his replies mock the customer, contain rude language, and just leave a bad impression. I think both owners and customers have a duty to treat one another with respect, which I don't see here.

I am all for supporting local businesses, and I would love to come back, but I'm honestly not sure I will. I am curious to see what scathing reply the owner will leave to this review (if any).
Delicious all the way through. We ordered beef Bai Cha and a lemongrass chicken dish (family style) I can't remember the name of to share between 3 people. Both were delicious and fresh, and we were especially impressed with the tenderness and the flavor of the beef. While Cambodian food is definitely a unique and distinct kind of cuisine, if you like Thai and Vietnamese food, chances are you won't regret giving this place a try.

In contrast to the plain, nondescript exterior of the building, the restaurant's interior features a distinct look, featuring fairly dim lighting, some paper lamps, and other Cambodian-themed decor. We found it very comfortable, and had no problems with the A/C whatsoever.

I'm surprised to read all of the negative reviews about service here. Maybe we were lucky because it was a Monday, but our service was prompt and responsive. Our waitress was on top of refilling our water and iced tea, and patient with us as we split our check up and each charged our portion separately. I'm impressed with the variety of options on the menu, and will definitely be back here to try more food.
I am pretty jealous that there is a Cambodian restaurant in Phoenix, while I'm not aware of any in the Midwest. Unbelievable I know, but it seems like a lot of work to open up your own restaurant and cook Khmer food so maybe it's the reason no one has opened up one in Chicago. Plus, I been working on compiling recipes from my mom to create my own family Khmer cookbook so I know about the work involved. I am part Cambodian and have been to Cambodia, and have a good idea of what good Khmer food tastes like and this place does an excellent job. The exterior made me feel like I was in a sketchy neighborhood, but the interior was simple and tastefully decorated to make you think that you are elsewhere. I am fascinated with seeing all the books on Cambodia. I was relieved to see that there was no karaoke Khmer music videos going on. That is so cliche for me and not even funny. The spring rolls are pretty good here. I had trouble deciding what to order since I was so familiar with all the items on there and it does cover quite a bit. One major thing that is missing is Prahok - this to me is one dishes that stand out from the other surrounding Southeast Asian country food dishes. I wouldn't mind seeing Sarai (coconut jello) and Bayng Janeau on the menu as well either - but that's just because I love that stuff, too. Had I been home at my parent's house, Katheaw is a Saturday lunch staple so I decided to have it here even though it was Friday dinner. It was very flavorful and maybe even better than the Katheaw I had in Cambodia. Well the portion is smaller than you would get ordering pho from a Vietnamese restaurant. In Cambodia I had to order 2 bowls to get full, so I think this might actually be the right amount. My only complaint was the price. My guess is that ingredients would be purchased from an Asian grocery store that other Southeast Asian restaurants like Thai and Vietnamese restaurants would also purchase items from. The prices would or should be on par with that. $3 a spring roll did make my eyebrows perk up a bit, where I think $2 might be more reasonable taking into account the size of the roll and all the ingredients. I've been getting creative with mine adding mangos and doing a brown rice wrapper so I can justify paying a premium for something that is a little more unique. Our server was friendly and helpful with recommendations. We did get a chance to speak a little Khmer. Of course, my face is going to get red from drinking - I'm Asian! Lol. I love the fact that the place is BYOB. I wouldn't mind stopping back in again - and if I know of others coming out to Phoenix I'll be sending them here! Augh jah, cha nygang main thain! :)
I took a trip to Long Beach recently and tried Cambodian food for the first time in Cambodia town. I came back home to Phoenix and had to get some more! Reathrey Sekong satisfies the longing!  I always get the katheaw noodle soup and one of their amazing boba drinks.  I'm so glad I found this place!
This restaurant has a nicely decorated interior and encourages patrons to learn a bit more about Cambodian/Khmer culture. I will agree with another reviewer that the booths offer stiff and uncomfortable seating.  Our server was nice and attentive - always had our waters full, etc. The food did take a while to arrive after we ordered even though it wasn't very busy.  At least there's a sign out front warning of slow food service.

My friends and I shared loat cha, fish amok, and the beef special with raw vegetables and fish sauce.  The portions were small in my opinion for the price.  We ordered the family style sharable sizes which were supposed to be larger than the single combo plates.  If this were the case, I wonder how much smaller those portions are.   Presentation of each dish was very nice, much more "bougie" than any other Cambodian restaurant I've been to. I like the slimy texture of the loat cha, but found the sauce on it to be a bit too salty and some noodles to be hard. The beef on it was tender and the egg added some flair.  The flavors of the amok were good. However, I prefer a meatier fish like catfish for this dish. I don't think the fragility of tilapia lends itself well to amok even though it's not an uncommon fish to see. The beef on the last plate was well cooked and good with the sauce.  It was a strange combination with the limited raw vegetables, but everything went well with the rice. 

We had to pay for rice per person, which I am not a fan of.  I think rice should be free and/or included in Asian restaurants that serve dishes eaten with rice.  Reathrey has the benefit of being the only restaurant like it around.  While it provides a good intro to the SEA (Southeast Asian) newbie, I don't think the value and execution of its food warrant its such high marks on yelp.
First visit here and will definitely be returning. The Spring Roll is big enough to share and was fresh and delicious. The Chicken Noodle Soup was great with fresh chicken, just wanted more chicken. The chicken meatballs were also good. The Jasmine Tea is also a must!  The food does take a few minutes, but its worth it. The food is fresh and delicious!
Hands down the BEST Cambodian food I've ever had! You got to try the fish amok, the silky texture salty sweet taste will just explode in your mouth! The place is very well decorated and the staff are very polite and professional. We have been pretty lucky to have a table every time we go because this place gets really populated quick. It's worth the wait.
First time here and really enjoyed it. Got the barbecue platter, lemongrass soup and spring rolls.  Everything tasted really fresh.  No alcohol though, so remember to bring your own.
The servers were extremely friendly and accommodating! I'm a vegetarian and they were able to help me out a ton! Such a cute place, too. Love the decor!
Finally got back here again.  Menu has changed some since last time.  I ordered too much.  I put an order in for a bowl of chicken noodle soup and the fish amok.  I was starting to get hungry so in the meantime I ordered a mango drink.  It was more like a dessert.  It was like a mango soda.  Very delish.  After drinking about half of it my soup arrived.  It was even better than what I had expected.
Now with this mango drink and really trying to finish up the soup I was feeling quite full.  I asked the waiter to pack up the fist to go.
I had the fish the next day and I am hooked!!!!!!  The first 2 bites I wasn't quite sure as it tasted quite different but after the 3rd, that was it for me.
I have to get back there sooner next time and not wait for another year.
OMeGoodness!! The food was fantastic, but what will I be coming back for???

Their Iced Coffee with sweetened condensed milk
&
Their tapioca with plantains and coconut milk... 

I have pregnancy cravings (without the pregnancy part) and some days I just neeeed these. I bought the coffee at Lee Lees, but I cant recreate the brewing process... I have told everyone about this place! 

Again... Food = FANTASTIC
BBQ platter
Lemongrass beef
Amok fish... All fantastic!
This was my first experience eating Cambodian food, and I am now a fan. My husband and I came here for lunch on Saturday and we ordered the following:

Jasmine Green Iced Tea - very flavorful, slightly floral, and quite refreshing

Fresh Spring Roll - similar to Vietnamese spring rolls, but these had some extra crunch to them. I'm not sure what different ingredients they used, but they're equally as good as Vietnamese ones I've had.

Shrimp ling - grilled shrimp in an oyster sauce, this was full of flavor and fantastic! The shrimp was cooked perfectly and the sauce was delicious.

Loat cha - round thick rice noodles, with fresh bean sprouts, beef, brown sauce, and a fried egg. We also loved this dish, the sauce was very good and the fried over-easy egg really added to the dish. 

After finishing our meal, we both decided we will definitely come back. I really could just eat my way through their menu. Thank you Reathrey Sekong for making me a Cambodian cuisine fan!
I don't have much time right now to review, but didn't want to forget to post that I absolutely love this restaurant.  The food is excellent.  I have been back twice .  Their iced coffee is out of this world and I love their basil seed drink.  The Spring Roll is amazing and HUGE for $3.  I will come back over and over.

That said, I wanted everyone to know that the menu posted in the photos on Yelp is outdated.  Their prices are considerably higher now.  (Though the spring roll for $3 is still an amazing deal!)  For instance, the Papaya Salad on the menu posted is listed as $5.  But I went there today and their menu has it published at $10.  Double.  It's totally worth it. but I didn't want anyone to be surprised.
A pleasure to dine here! The location near 12th St and Indian School (near the 99 cent Store and Mo Pawn) might throw you, but don't let it... take this excursion to deliciousness and you will be back. Our group of 4 ordered 4 different dishes and were all happy. The Amok Fish (Tilapia in a savory curry coconut sauce, served over spinach in a folded banana leaf) was superb. The accompanying side of Melon Soup was quite flavorful. The Spring Rolls are very like what you'd get in any good Vietnamese restaurant but still a "must munch", startling texture contrasts with shrimp, chicken and crisp veggies in a sticky chewy rice wrapper, light and refreshing with the little ramekin of fish sauce. After your meal, splurge on the Iced Coffee... OMG! I hated cold coffee until I tried this. Now I'm an addict. 

Add friendly attentive service and a delightful atmosphere to the mix of awesome food, and you have a winner in Reathrey Sekong. Can't wait to go back.
A hidden gem! Unbelievable food, top notch service and great ambience. Class act all the way!
Found this place thx to Yelp when I was passing thru PHX. The restaurant is very authentic in flavors. I ordered the Lok Lak and it was just as I remembered it tasted during my visit in Siem Riep. The place is very reasonable in price and the staff is friendly. Good spot if you want something different.
Complete hole in the wall on one of the busiest streets in Phoenix, but if you find it, you'll definitely be rewarded. 

Iced coffee - perhaps the best coffee I've ever had. This includes condensed milk and slow drip coffee that you have to patiently watch drip into the milk. Once completed, stir and add ice!

Spring rolls - one per serving, but they're huge and include chicken and shrimp. 

Ginger chicken - somewhat small proportion, but well priced with plenty of flavor. 

Ambiance is quaint and clean with Cambodian music playing in the background. Service was great with friendly faces. Can't go wrong with this one.
It's not too often that you find a restaurant specializing in Cambodian food so when my brother suggested this place for dinner we were right on board and excited to try something new. I've never really had Cambodian food before so I cannot say that I am an expert but I do know Thai, Chinese and Vietnamese, so I'm also not totally naive. 

The restaurant is small with only around 10 tables. This means that you may have to wait. Luckily we had a reservation since there were 8 of us and only one large table. The servers there are very nice and know the menu well as stated in past reviews. They are also very helpful to ask for opinions or recommendations if you think the menu looks a little intimidating. 

The food was very good. We really enjoyed the chicken wings and had several noodle dishes that I cannot remember the name of. We also had the beef skewers which I thought was find but my wife did not care for it. All in all it was a good "secret" place for a well priced meal. If you are headed to this restaurant be sure to use a GPS because we even passed by it using our Garmin. Parking is in the back. 

Visited January 2013
Two more trips since my last review and I still stand at 5 stars. Both times were with groups of friends.  On one of my ventures here I was with a group who decided to try the family style.  We had 2 fish dinners (amok & the mango) both were very, very delicious.  Loved the flavorings.  We also had a couple of the chicken dishes and a cold sliced beef with vegetables.
I suggested to the 2nd group since they were not familiar with Cambodian foods to order family style.   Since I know pretty much what I like I wanted to order my own.  I ordered the fish mango again.  Had my standard mango bo bo and ended up taking about half my fish home for a late night snack.
Will be returning next week again with another group of eaters.  LOL
Never tasted anything here that I didn't like.  I guess that the fish is my favorite. It is a hard choice though.
Service is excellent, but just be prepared, especially with groups, that the food is prepared fresh and it may take some time before you get your dish.  They do not bring all dishes at once as that would involve them sitting in the kitchen while they prepare the other dishes. Nobody wants food that has stood and is not hot.
What else can I say except that I just LOVE eating here and will keep recommending it to my groups of friends.
I just keep coming back!!!!
First heard about this place on my neighborhood's fb page.  Was even more eager to check it out after reading all the good reviews of this place.  I went last night (Monday, October 21st), with 2 others I dragged out for dinner on a Monday...we all loved it!  I cannot wait to go back and try more things on the menu...I was so hungry it was hard to decide what I wanted.  The building is nice, food is awesome, and service was amazing (it was Monday, so it wasn't busy, but not just good service...staff was genuinely friendly like they appreciated my patronage).  Support Central Phoenix restaurants, this place definitely deserves our business to make sure it stays around for a long time.  I have to be honest; I was a little eager to put a face with the person who replies to so many reviews on here.  If he was my server last night, he knows service and how to make his customers feel welcome.  I love the fact that he takes enough pride in his business to address any concerns people feel the need to share with the world.
I admittedly don't know much about Cambodia. I know I want to see Angkor Wat at some point in my life, but that's about as far as my knowledge extends. When I saw there was a local Cambodian restaurant here in Phoenix, I was intrigued and wanted to stop by to broaden my knowledge base. 

We walked into Reathrey Sekong on a Friday evening at 6:30pm and were sat immediately. For a 4-1/2 star restaurant, that impressed me. Especially since we had just left another place after seeing a horde of people standing outside. 

The inside is small but charming to say the least. I ordered the Cambodian iced coffee which was recommended in other reviews. Greatness. I thought it was going to be too sweet, but it wasn't, the mix of coffee and condensed milk was perfect. 

I ordered the large serving of the Cambodian BBQ Platter for dinner. It was basically a big plate o' meat that consisted of sliced beef, grilled beef skewers and grilled chicken wings. It's also served with a bowl of white rice. Excellent. 

The two beef offerings were cooked so that they were still tender and the flavor was awesome. The wings were on another level. Probably in the top 5 of best wings I've ever eaten. 

The only issue I experienced was in the order the items were served. I waited for what I thought was a while before my coffee came out but it was okay. I figured they were just waiting for it to brew. My coffee came out, but my wife's drink (coconut smoothie with boba) didn't come out for a few minutes later.

Then the same thing happened with our food. My food came out and hers didn't for about 3-5 minutes later. It wasn't a huge deal, but it's just awkward when you're sitting there with your food and your eating companion is sitting there watching you, twiddling their thumbs. She wasn't actually twiddling her thumbs. Does anyone do that anymore? Anyway... you get the point. 

That was my only qualm. Other than that, this place was excellent. If Reathrey Sekong is any indication of the deliciousness that awaits in Cambodia... I can't get there fast enough.
I loved this place. It has a nice ambiance, the food is amazing and it's perfect for an intimate get together. It's family own and family operated so the service is a little slow but is well worth it.
This place is a cozy little restaurant with some amazing food. I went there in a large group and at the recommendation of waiter we are family style.  This was the best way to experience this place. I got to sample so many dishes it was fabulous. I still can't decide if the mango fish or the ginger beef was my favorite.  I definitely will have to go there again to decide. The basil seed drink was great, a bit unexpected but delicious none the less.
Ok, I'm not sure if the 3 star is fair, but I will back it up. I went with the supper club and we ate family style, so we did get to try a ton of their food....now, if I had gone with a small group and would have gotten what I was planning on ordering, this place would be 4 stars for sure; however, because I got to try many many things I also got to realize that about half the food was good and half the food I didn't care for. So, maybe the family style worked against this restaurant. Ok, let me start with the good: We got a noodle dish (I don't know which one...curses!), it had wide noodles and shrimp and beef...it was my fave, very tasty, the curry soup - super tasty, rich, the chicken in it was wonderful (this was what I was going to order), the grilled pork - simple, but delicious with a touch of sweetness (this is what the BF was gonna order), and the ginger beef (tasty....could have had more flavor, but if you add their hot sauce, it was really good). The not so good: The basil drink (I know people like it, I thought it had an odd flavor...not basil -y.....and it had weird jelly things in it and the texture was off putting), the bbq platter (we got two of these and they just weren't very good - they had sliced beef (which was cold and bland), chicken wings that had the entire wing (also not much flavor and difficult to eat), and a beef skewer, which was ok, but nothing special), all the fish dishes (the amok fish sounded amazing with a curry sauce, but I thought it was lacking flavor, the mango fish - just not a lot of mango flavor or maybe not enough for this non fishy fish eater, and the seafood plate which was just plain fish, shrimp, and squid....yikes), the springroll (was ok, nice and crispy, but the filling had an odd flavor). That is all I remember (maybe all we ordered...ha.). Anyway, I would definitely go back to get the few dishes that were really good, unfortunately for me it just wasn't consistent.
Met up with the International Supper Club UYE at Reathrey Sekong for the monthly pick of November, we were a party of 12, and it was suggested to us that since we were a larger party that we should order dishes family style.  I get the reasoning behind it, 1 cook in the kitchen, not everyone would be eating at the same time, I'm just not that big on seafood dishes and eating family style wasn't going to work for me, so I broke the rules and ordered for myself

I have to say our waiter was amazing, he was working the entire place by himself, did an outstanding job! Everyone was also enjoying the dishes they were trying too. The restaurant is nicely decorated and cozy, I have to say I enjoyed out time where conversing with everyone.

I don't remember the name of the item I ordered, but it was a beef sandwich on a french roll with like a carrot slaw pickles and cilantro, the sandwich itself was on the sweet side, which was shocking, I was thinking more savory since it was beef, but I did quite enjoy it!

Another fun International Supper Club UYE meet up!
Went to the International Supper Club UYE for November.  I had never been there before and didn't know what to expect.  I didn't love everything we had but I did like most of it and loved a coupe things.  That's the benefit of going with a bunch of friends,you get to try more items. 

 For me, I normally won't order fish in an unknown restaurant .  BUT the mango grilled fish was one of my favorite items !  I was surprised to say the least.  The curry soup was also on the love list for me, even though some others were not crazy about it.  Such is life, taste is subjective just like art.  The egg rolls had a very interesting list of ingredients including black mushrooms so I couldn't resist that, and I loved them. 

I will say that the managements recommendation that we eat "family style" was the right call.  The small kitchen there is not able to bring out 10-12 entrees at a time.  We were happily munching on one or two platters at a time while they were cooking the next ones. So don't let that scare you away if your going with a group
Another adventure for the International Supper Club UYE! I've never tried Cambodian food and upon walking in instantly enjoyed the coziness, the decor, and the soft music playing in the background of Reathrey Seykong! We had a full table of yelpers, and only one server but he let us know service would be slower than your usual restaurant. They have only one cook but everything came out and he handled our table along with the others with perfect timing! I ordered the ginger beef that came with white rice which I enjoyed almost every tasty bite with my chopsticks, and so not to miss a drop finished the last few saucy bites with a spoon! No room for dessert, or any that made me push my boundaries or stretch my waistband to indulge in, I'll definitely return to this delightful hidden jewel for more of their delicious ethnic flavor!
order some egg rolls and the lemongrass soup!!!

they also have this amazing house made hot sauce. i considered stealing it about 4 times.
Ok, I waited too long to write this review and now I can't remember the names of all the dishes I tried at Reathrey Sekong. And there were a lot of them. I went with a group of 14 or so Yelpers and we each ordered something off the menu and then everyone got to try it. Well, I guess it doesn't matter what they names are because I can tell you we sampled the majority of the menu and I enjoyed every single dish. It was all super yummy! I came here not knowing anything about Cambodian food and after our huge feast I would say that it is sort of a cross between Thai and Vietnamese which is not a shock given where the country is located geographically.

My favorites were the ginger beef, some thick rice noodles that came with beef and shrimp, and the mango white fish. I also thought the fried eggrolls were very tasty and I really loved the sauce that came with them. Actually each dish had it's own little sauce and I thought they all were delectable. I love those sweet and sour vinegary sauces that are served with southeast Asian food. For some reason they hit my palate just right. The only dish I was somewhat lukewarm about was a dish that had pieces of fish in a coconut curry sauce. But I generally don't care for curries with coconut milk in them so no surprise there. If you are not adventurous get the bbq platter. This came with a variety of meats and was pretty plain compared to all the other dishes that were so full of flavor.

Our waiter I believe was the owner and he was extremely friendly and accommodating. The place is a bit small and so it was awkward with our large group in there but he didn't seem annoyed at all that we were taking up half the place. The ambiance was nice. A bit worn but clean. They had a small area that was decorated with what I assume was textiles and objects from Cambodia so that was cool. I would definitely come here again if it wasn't so far from where we lived. If you are in the area and looking to try something different, even if you have no connection whatsoever to Cambodia, stop and check them out.
The food was perfectly seasoned and fresh as can be. This is a must restaurant to try and favorite! Side note: it is BYOB.
We came here prior to our trip to Cambodia. The food was delicious and we enjoyed looking at all the travel books. It definitely prepared us for our trip. The waitress recommended popular/common meals we would expect in Cambodia. We ordered several dishes(much more than we could eat, but wanted to try as much as possible).  It ended up being very accurate as we were prepared for our outings while traveling in Cambodia. We recognized dishes we tried and knew what we wanted while in Cambodia.
The food was good and we look forward to coming back.
Came here for lunch with a group of coworkers, all first timers. This is some seriously good ethnic food. If you are looking for some tasty flavors and you already like vietnamese/thai food - this is the place. Had the beef sandwich, it was delicious.
This is a very small restaurant and a little hard to find.  You have to park in the back.  We come here for lunch once in a while, we drive 30 minutes to get there.  There are usually only a few patrons at lunchtime.  This place really should be packed all the time.  The decor is authentic Cambodian with travel guides and magazines about Cambodia on every table.  These are really fun to look at while you wait to be served. Oh, and I almost forgot...the music playing is interesting and tunes you may know ha ha - Cambodians singing 60's and 70's US hits.

I had an appetizer of Pleah Beef Salad (thin slices of beef cooked in vinegar/lemon, fish sauce mixed with fresh greens, carrots, cabbage, & shrimp).  It was very delicious with just the right mix of spiciness and sweetness. My husband had a spring roll served with a sweet and spicy dipping sauce. He said it was delicious and was still talking about the food we had the next day. The portions were large. Mine was so big I had to take half of it home.  The server brings traditional silverware and chopsticks so you don't have to ask for either.

My main course was Noumpang Fish (Sardines simmered in a tomato sauce with pickled carrots & papaya, cucumbers, & cilantro, on a baguette with a pate & mayo spread).  They must bake the baguettes on site because I've never had one so fresh and delicious.  If you like fish at all, this sandwich is phenomenal. I took half of it home and had it the next day and it was just as good a day later.  My husband had Katheaw Cha Fried Flat Rice Noodles (Large flat rice noodles stir fried with Katna broccoli, carrots, beef, and shrimp).  Also very delicious.  

The server was attentive and refilled drinks often.  The only strange thing was that my husband's entree was served a good 10 minutes before I got mine, so I continued to pick at my salad until mine arrived.  Not a huge deal as everything seemed very fresh and cooked to order. 

So hard to find true cultural food in Arizona.  This place is the real thing and I hope they stay open.
I don't even understand how such a nondescript-looking (from the outside at least) little place could be so delicious. 

Upon the very high recommendations of this restaurant on Yelp, we came here on our first night in Phoenix starving and with high expectations (usually a disastrous combination), but oh my god did this place meet and surpass those expectations! 

First of all, it should be noted that the portions here are massive. Although it does only say "vegetable roll" on the menu (which might make the $3 price tag a little steep), what it doesn't say is that that vegetable roll takes up an entire place, and really could be classified as a wrap sandwich if it wanted to. Then for the main dishes... oh my god... our waiter recommended we get the 'small' versions of the dishes, and we were extremely glad we did. What here is called 'small', anywhere else would be considered a perfectly normal, if not even slightly generous portion. 

Regardless of all that about portion sizes though, what really stood out was the food itself- obviously prepared with very good ingredients, the dishes' delicate flavouring came out excellently all around (we sampled the beef lemongrass stir-fry, the amok fish, and the vegetable soup). Although it is incredibly easy to eat a lot for the first two courses, I would definitely recommend leaving at least a little bit of space for dessert. We had the banana tapoica, and it was absolutely divine!

Anytime we're be back in Phoenix, we will definitely be coming back here!
Cambodian food is so good and I'm very happy to see a restaurant is available in Phoenix now.  Otherwise I'd have to visit California!   The soup, basil stir fry, papaya salad, and lemongrass chicken are all good choices here.
The curry, tea and spring rolls are delicious! The atmosphere is charming, personal and relaxing, but you would never guess so by driving by. I appreciate that the place includes authentic cultural reference, including books, paintings, and design. It was an experience, not just a lunch!
Delicious beef noodle soup! I prefer it over pho at a Viet place. Never had a problem with wait.
This restaurant deserves 6 stars! The food is delicious. We had the BBQ platter, fried rice, and boba. We did wait a bit for our food, but it was well worth it. Everything was very flavorful, and full of spices that complimented every bite.
The is place is awesome!  A must try even for the non-adventerous diner.

I have lived in Phoenix 26 years and this is the first time I visited or ever heard of this wonderful dining spot!  Four of us dined here last evening and it was truly a palate party if If my palate ever had one!  The flavors were distinctive, not over done, the food very fresh and each dish we tried was unique from the previous one.  The mango fish was very special and the lemon grass stir fry had a fabulous aroma and taste.  The appetizing spring rolls are huge; each could be lunch meals in themselves.  We tried several dishes each one as good or better than the last.  My only complaint, we couldn't try everything on the menu!  Ha, ha.

The place is a little difficult to find at night since it is in a nondescript building and the entrance is at the back of the building.  None-the-less after driving past it twice we found it and were glad we did.  It was totally well worth our determined effort.
Thank you Yelpers for such great reviews!  My husband and I enjoyed a delicious lunch on Monday Jan 20.  Cambodian cuisine is very similar to Vietnamese.  We had their Fresh Vegetable Roll with a Fish Sauce based Dipping Sauce - quite a generous portion for $3.00 each.  My husband and I shared small orders of the BBQ Pork and the Beef Stir Fry Noodles, this was served with Jasmine Rice.  Both were very tasty and we savored each bite.  I took the advise of one of the reviewers and also ordered the Basil Seed Drink.  Interesting...very interesting!  I would order it again.  Worth the drive from our Airport Hotel!
Thought this place was pretty good but with so many Asian restaurants in town you have to be REALLY good to make me a regular customer. You've probably passed this place a million times like me and have never known it's there. 

Four of us shared a few dishes and our main consensus was although it was really tasty, for the price, the portions were just too small. They have a small or large option and since we were sharing we went large. However, every time something came out we asked, This is the large? 

Only been once, so I'll give it another go. Service was really nice and the decor was okay. Had some nice cultural touches about Cambodia, travel books and maps. Def check it out for yourself.
A hidden gem! Amazing food and great service. I have to make the trip at least once a month to satisfy my craving for the sardine and pate sandwich!
This place is great.  All the ingredients are fresh and so tasty.  So glad I found this place on Yelp.
Believe the hype!    (and also go on a weeknight).    This place is sooooooooooooo good.   

We arrived on a weeknight and were easily seated at a table. (which was great because this place doesn't have many tables)

Door was left open, which was nice, it was a beautiful night.

Great service.

One star knocked off because the fish in our seafood soup wasn't that great.  Or maybe we just don't like seafood soup?   Nah, we like everything!
So far we've had the bai cha and katheaw cha as vegetarian options with tofu and loved them both tremendously! So much FLAVOR. Can't wait to go back and try more dinner, some of the drinks, and desserts. Definitely worth the drive from Goodyear to central Phoenix.
LOVE at first plate! Small and quiet lunch with amazing choices! Friendly staff to help make tasty recommendations! I would live to lie and say its awful just so everyone doesn't crowd this joint!
Love me some katheaw, bahn mi fresh rolls ect this place is delicious and the service is friendly but the wait time for the food can be long rather it is busy or not.
Curry soup (small):
Amazing! Broth was savory, with a hint of coconut milk and other spices. There was chicken, carrots, green beans, radish, and potatoes, and bamboo shoots. I personally didn't particularly care much for the previously mentioned items--the broth and potatoes made this dish for me. Came with rice. 

BBQ combo platter (large):
Came with:
- 3 beef skewers: Delicious, best item of the platter. Tender meat with intense flavor and spices.
- 3 huge chicken wings: These were okay. The skin tasted great, but because the wings were so big(?) the flavor didn't really last past the skin. 
- sliced meat (beef?): Tender, but not strongly flavored. Went well with the sauce. 
- small dish of pickled veggies (carrot & radish): I don't like pickled veggies in general, but I guess this tasted okay. 
- small dish of sauce: It looked similar to fish sauce, but it tastes a bit spicy and salty, not sweet. This went well with the sliced meat. 

Basil seed drink:
I wanted to try this since it looked interesting. The actual flavor tastes like bananas. The texture was interesting, and I wasn't sure whether to chew the seeds or just swallow them whole. It reminded me a bit of the aloe vera drink. Nice and refreshing. 

Overall:
The curry was my favorite dish. The bbq platter was ok, but I would have rather ordered a full order of the skewers instead. Basil seed drink was ok. 

Service was average. We didn't wait too long for our food; there were a few other tables, and we came in around 8pm and left shortly after 9. 

The decor and ambiance of the place was great!
Very satisfied with my experience! I recommend getting the egg rolls for appetizers (at $1 a piece and they are definitely homemade daily!) really good meal as well, I got the one in the picture closest to the phone for $8 (rice included). Unlike most restaurants where if you eat the entire plate you are stuffed, if you eat the entire plate here you are satisfied but not stuffed full.  Perfect rationing IMO. (Bear in mind I ordered the small size of my entree)
A bit slow, but worth it. Subtle, delicately balanced dishes with wonderful flavors, and attentive service. Great decor.
Hands down, some of the best SE Asia food in Phoenix. I used to come here all the time, now days it's a special treat. This place is run by a very friendly Cambodian family who want nothing better than to give you a taste of what Cambodia food is. Highly recommended for both the food and the family!
After a whirlwind weekend in Phoenix filled with intense allergies, all I was craving was spicy soup.  We found this place due to great reviews on yelp, and decided to head over.  The restaurant was tiny, and packed for a Monday night.  Before seating us, our server warned us that there was a long wait for food, but we weren't starving nor in a rush, so we decided to go with it.  The problem was, there was a long wait for everything.  We had to wait 15 minutes awkwardly by the door for an already empty table to be cleared, it took 15 additional minutes after ordering to get water, and a coffee that was ordered at the beginning of our meal came an hour later.   The food was good, but this place needs to plan better for how busy they get.  Although, it's understandable why things were slow, as there seemed to be one cook, and one server, the wait was so long, I doubt I'd return here again.
After having the pleasure to dine here, and as a native of Long Beach, California... I can honestly say that this is the only restaurant that can outshine a majority of the Cambodian restaurants in the LBC. 

My favorite dish are their baiynchaiv crepes, curry with french bread, and their beef sticks. A bite of each is like biting into a grenade filled with uniquely distinct flavors, blended up in age old traditions and culture. For them to go all out and use REAL Cambodian ingredients says a lot about how serious they are. 

Unlike 99% of the ethnic restaurants in AZ, Sekong seems to be more concerned about making proper Cambodian dishes and could care less about "Americanizing" their food  and excluding ingredients to save a nickel. 

Kudos to the owners for representing the Khmer community very well... despite the whole "nazi" undertone.
There's nothing better than a lunch or dinner at the Sekong dojo as we call it. Last year after a class in Japanese Foot Massage at the Japanese School for Healing Arts, we tried Sekong for the first time.  

YUM

Ever since, we bring our students here after every class. We go after every meeting. Today we did a photo shoot for our foot massage manual and brought our models. We just can't get enough.

The pork is amazing. The skewers are to die for. The Basil Seed drink is like desert. The young coconut is practically fresh off the tree. The Pineapple Soup is so refreshing. There's not a thing on the menu I haven't been absolutely satisfied with. 

Bring your own wine. Nice, relaxed atmosphere. It's difficult to spot from the street and parking is in the rear. It's right passed the 99cent store and next to the Napa auto parts and the driveway to turn into has a cute little wagon parked there. 

Go. Go now. You won't be sorry.

Oh, closed on Sunday. Don't go on Sunday ;p

*Last note: Sekong is family run with fresh ingredients. Don't come if you're in a rush. Enjoy the atmosphere and bring your own wine or beer. I promise it's worth the wait.
We came upon this restaurant by reading some Yelp reviews. When we were trying to find it, we drove by it completely as the building wasn't marked clearly. The space inside was very small - only about 10 tables, and the night we went it was pretty much completely packed ... We were seated at the last empty table. The ambiance was very tranquil, a good place to go with a small group. We browsed the menu & ordered one egg roll & one spring roll each as an appetizer. They both came with a tasty dipping sauce but the egg roll was by far way better than the spring roll. The waiter was nice enough to bring us samples of their two popular drinks - the basil seed & one that tasted kind of banana-y. We weren't really a fan of either so we didn't end up ordering any. I did however order the shrimp dish for dinner & while incredibly delicious, I was disappointed as I was still hungry after eating it completely. There were a few pieces of shrimp sautéed in a soy sauce based sauce and a few large pieces of green onion which are completely inedible and more like just a garnish. I guess I'm more used to eating Chinese food & love some sort of vegetable medley with meat or seafood in that sort of a sauce which is why I think for me, this would have been a more filling & fulfilling meal if the shrimp came with some broccoli and/or other vegetables. So in short, our food was flavorful and what was served made sense ... I just left wishing there was more.
Went here with some friends last night and I'll be sure to go back.  It's a Very small stand alone mom and pop establishment.  Plenty of parking.  
The bad: Wait times are very, very long. Not sure if it's the norm but there is only one waitress and everything takes forever to happen.  
The good: That being said the wait was worth it!  Best food I've had in a long time and very reasonable prices.  Everything was amazing except the roast beef dish.  It came with some dipping sauce that smelled really bad (but they warn you on the menu).  But the other dishes were so good it more than made up for the slow service.  I'll definitely be back wait or no wait, it was totally worth it!
This place was decent. Ordered the egg rolls and grilled pork dishes. The wait was SERIOUSLY long for the food for the amount of people that were at the restaurant when my wife and I visited.

The restaurant was clean and tidy however when we were there there was quite a bit of smoke coming from the kitchen area that seeped into the main restaurant (I think they had some ventilation issues).

Both the egg rolls were super small and they served it with sweet and sour sauce (not the traditional fish sauce), and the grilled pork was tasty but portion wise small for the price.

Overall, it was worth the visit but will most likely not worth another visit.
Came here and was confused by the setup. Felt like we came in through a back door in someone's house. There was nice decoration but it felt a bit dirty inside. 

I ordered the chia seed drink and I loved it! The textures were fun and it tasted very sweet. It was something I had before as a child but I forgot all about it. It was very nostalgic for me. 

I also got the meat combination plate. It came out beautifully decorated. Each of the meats had a nice sweet caramelization without compromising the flavor of the meat. The blackened chicken was my favorite. It had so much juicy flavor that I couldn't help but to get down on it with my hands. 

Overall delicious food, smaller portions, moderate prices, low ambiance.
It's places like this that reaffirm my undying faith (and dependency) on crowdsourcing restaurant sites like Yelp.  Here's an establishment I would otherwise pass by without a second thought, serving a type of cuisine that doesn't compute for 99% of Phoenix area residents (myself included), and would get absolutely zero buzz otherwise.  Its finding hidden gems like this using sources like Yelp that help me constantly rediscover a love for my local hometown culinary scene.

My brother-in-law is pretty open minded about trying things once so he humored me when I picked this place for dinner.  It was near his condo and the Yelp reviews for this place were pretty stellar.  But even I was apprehensive about this place.  I know absolutely zilch about Cambodia or their cuisine and not a single foodie I know has been to this place.  This really was a shot in the dark.  So we ventured here on a Saturday evening around 6:30.  The building has the restaurant's name out front, but there's nothing about the exterior that really stands out.  Parking in the rear, we almost entered through the kitchen by accident, but the chef gently guided us to the main entrance and the restaurant itself.  The place isn't that big and was starting to get busy when we arrived, but we got a table next to the window overlooking Indian School Road.  Interior is very simple with what appear to be mini Buddha statues on the tables and seating for maybe 20-25 people.

We took awhile to survey the menu since they don't post it on their website (which they really should by the way), and asked our waitress for suggestions.  After contemplation and seeing a dish that was endorsed by CNN (?!) I went with a small order of their Grilled Pork dish (the large dishes are enough to feed two FYI).  My brother-in-law went with the Khmer BBQ Platter (essentially a sampler of different meats).  Both came with white rice.  For a drink I got the Mango Boba (essentially a mango smoothie, but there were chewable items at the bottom of my drink that had the consistency of gummy bears).  The Boba was fantastic and tasted super fresh.  The gummy bear stuff at the bottom was weird, but tasted good too.  The Grilled Pork was also great and came with a sauce that almost has a sweet and spicy texture.  The in-law loved his platter which came with chicken wings, a couple of skewers of glazed meat, and some sliced seasoned beef.  I had seen some of the complaints about slow service about this place.  But while there was only one waitress tending to the room that night, we thought she was pretty on top of everything and we didn't have to wait long at all.

All totaled for the two main dishes, a Boba, an iced tea and a couple of waters was $28 before tip.  Totally doable.  In fact I couldn't find any item on their menu more expensive than $16 (including the large dishes).  I'll definitely be back to try more of their unique cuisine.  I've said it before, but if you find a restaurant in your neighborhood on Yelp with more than 100 reviews and polling an average of 4.5 stars, just go.  Even something as random and seemingly out of place as a Cambodian restaurant in Phoenix can open your eyes.
This place is fantastic! I've eaten here roughly 10 times, ordered just about everything off the menu, and I am yet to be disappointed.

I've been here when it's busy and slow. The one thing that is always consistent is the food. Yes, the wait can be brutally long when there's a full house but the food quality never suffers. Because of its size, the kitchen can get easily overwhelmed. With that said, I would recommend coming before or after the dinner rush (before 6:30pm or after 8pm) especially if you don't have a lot of time to spare. 

As for specific dishes, I usually order one of the stir frys but the soups are pretty awesome as well. One of the great things about the menu is they have something for everyone. Not feeling adventurous? Order the BBQ platter or Ginger stir fry. Up for something new? Try the Prahok (fish paste). Either way, you won't be disappointed. 

I really dig the ambiance too. I wouldn't call it a dive but the building is kinda old. The vibe of a restaurant never really deters me though. I don't care if your kitchen operates out of the back seat of a car, I'll still come back for seconds if you deliver. Reathrey Sekong delivers quality every time!
I went here this past weekend with a group of friends. The restaurant has a great atmosphere and a very welcoming staff. We ordered 3 dishes to share and loved each one. I definitely would recommend this to others and plan to go back again soon myself.
It's not in the best location, it's hard to see from the road, you're never sure if you're parking in the right place or walking through the right door; but this place is legit. 

We had the lemongrass stir-fry, the bbq pork, and a fish baked in a banana leaf (I forget the name...fish amok?) All were terrific. Light. Flavorful. And perfect for sharing, which my companion and I did with all three. 

On this Wednesday night, it was not busy at all, the service was -- and I know this is a weird word to use as a description -- but the service was gentle. Polite. Quiet. All really good things. 

Be a little adventurous and you'll be rewarded. Instantly one of my favorites.
I've been coming here for a while now and have never been disappointed. Service is always great and the food remains delicious and flavorful. I always order their beef sticks which is tender and full of flavor. The hubby loves their bai cha which is fried rice. It has the same meat on top as the beef lol lak which is another dish that I like to order from here. Whenever I'm too busy to cook Khmer food at home, I come to Sekong to eat. 

The only problem I have is with the parking, there is no valet! What's up with that?! Lol...just kidding.
The Honeydew Soba, Basil Seed Drink, BBQ Beef and Fresh Spring Rolls were super delicious!  I was very impressed with all if the food.  The clientele here were also very friendly the night we dined, as people shared their favorite dishes and talked to each other.  Extra friendly waiter as well!!!  I can't wait to return!!!!
Our last day in AZ.  Go here. Get this food. Daughter had lemongrass chicken. Fresh and good. We also ordered the chicken wings. Couldn't figure out what took so long until they arrived all charred and sticky from the grill. I can't remember name of dish i had but it was a traditional noodle dish and I had it dry which means the broth comes on the side. It was very good. We also order the spring rolls which were fresh and vibrant with addition of mint. I like it my daughter not so much. This was  so funny a lady of Asian decent came up to see what we were eating. She lives in area but had never been.  We became fast friends. She ordered the grilled pork dish and completely insisted I try. Wow. It was soooo good. I almost ordered some to stick in my suitcase. Thought better of it but clearly it come from same grill. It was juicy and well seasoned. Our other fast friends said their meal was good too. One ordered the grilled seafood plate. So I am yelping for them as well. This is a treasure.
Food is great. Beautiful atmosphere.  Service is phenomenon and owners are extremely friendly and helpful.
This place was great! The food was very fresh and hot. Really enjoyed it. The only thing that really killed it for me was that it took forever. It makes sense, family run and only one server. They should hire some help for sure, they could use it. It's a pretty happening place for lunch. Don't come with a time limit, you won't make it! Great place though.
What a treat to have such a fantastic Cambodian restaurant in the heart of downtown Phoenix! A must try for anyone in town that as a palate for eastern cuisine.

I would highly recommend the curry soup. The broth is savory with a hint of coconut milk and a few other delicious spices. The dish contains chicken, carrots, potatoes, green beans, and a few other veggies. The dish comes with rice but I needed to order a second bowl in order to properly enjoy this meal. A must try!
I've been to Cambodia, and let me say that Cambodian food is my least favorite in Asia. That said, this place was good. Better than the food in Cambodia even! Probably because there was a lot of Thai food and influence on the menu. The staff is friendly and I like the experience they give. I think this place is rated so high b/c it is a novel thing in Phoenix (or anywhere for that matter) to eat Cambodian food or to say you've tried it. But really, it's not worth going there just to say it, b/c it really does not taste like most of the food I had in 7 days of eating in Cambodia, and there are better thai/asian places in the Valley.
This place is awesome. The food is delicious, affordable and made fresh!

Seriously though, the food is great! They have tender and flavorful meat dishes and vegetarian options as well. 
Also; that have a BYOB policy with cheap uncorking fee! Amazing. 
The decor is cute and the staff was very kind.
I honestly can't wait to go back!