Joyful House is a great choice for authentic Chinese food minutes from the Strip.  If you don't want authentic Chinese and prefer some Americanized dishes, they do an excellent job with those too.  Try the beef tenderloin & portobello mushrooms in black pepper sauce, XO green beans, and the chicken cream corn soup.
I love the salt fish fried rice here. This is the best place in town for it. The chow fun was really good too. But what brought me back here was the amazing wine list. Are you kidding me? Petrus? Lafite? What?

You wouldn't expect it from this typically family-oriented chinese restaurant but they have an impressive wine list where you can spend thousands on a bottle of wine if you wanted to.

Considering their late night hours, I'm not surprised they offer these bottles. I'd imagine some high rollers come in here for a late dinner after some serious gambling.
My coworker swears by this place for their authentic cantonese cuisine.  We went there after work one night for some late night grub.

It's a very nice restaurant in chinatown complete with live fish, prawns, lobster, and crabs.  We went for takeout so we couldn't really judge the service but the guy that seats you was really nice and helpful.

My coworker recommended the salt and pepper pork chops.  Since I had always been told by my ever-so-seasoned fellow yelper/coworker reggie to always order salt and pepper anything whenever I can, I agreed to try said pork chops.  After about a 15 minute wait, the waiter brought out our food.  It smelled great and I couldn't wait to get home to try it.  I opened up the to-go box and there were small breaded pork chops (some with bone, some without) that had bits of garlic and jalepeno all throughout the dish.  It came with rice as well.  When I dug in I couldn't believe how tender they were.  These pork chops just melted away in my mouth.  The contrast of the jalepeno against the pork was incredible with just the right amount of heat and saltiness.  All in all it was a great dish and I would definitely go back.  They had a lobster sale while we were there...19.95/lb down from 29.95/lb and these things were monsters!  Anyways, check this place out...it's great for late night eats.
Excellent place and open late to boot!  If I am here with 4 or more, we usually just go with one of the dinner sets on the 1st page of the menu.  Great value and you get A TON of food.  Something is seriously wrong if you ain't totally full after that.

I am a sucker for fresh squid so that is one dish I always order if it isn't a group outing.  I've been happy with everything I've ordered there.
I guess you wouldn't expect great chinese food in Vegas but there's got to be something better. Some dishes were good but when it comes to more upscale dishes, this place fails miserably. There's not much authenticity to there dishes. I also sense a little bit of shadyness when someone orders Peking Duck and they keep the duck after slicing off the skin.
Maybe I'm used to New York style Chinese food???  But this place seemed a little bland.  I guess I like my chicken and broccoli (American broccoli) with sugar, ginger, soy, and corn starch.  We visited this place around midnight and were the only customers.  The service was good and the atmosphere was modest to humble.  There were live fish tanks in the back.  With so many Chinese restaurants on Spring Mountain, I doubt we'll revisit.
I almost didn't eat here after reading previous reviews, but I'm glad I did.  

We ordered: 

Veggie Egg Foo Young
Veggie Crispy Fried Noodles
Fried Tofu
Fried Rice
Roasted Duck
Walnut Shrimp

We loved all the dishes.  No complaints from anyone.

I had fun with the Passion Fruit juice with green jelly.
I went here after a suggestion from one of the local Chinese bakery workers.  I don't know if it was what we ordered but I didn't care for the food.

I ordered Kung Pao Chicken and my friend ordered Cashew Chicken.  The Cashew Chicken was tasteless with a bland sauce, Kung Pao had flavor in the sauce with a bit of a kick but not a memorable experience.  

The pork fried rice was decent for lunch special but not amazing in any sense of the word.  One plus of the take out of this place is that they will give you the soup to go.  The soup was very tasty it was a corn based egg drop soup.

I don't know why a native speaker would send me here but I probably wouldn't go back too quickly.
I have mixed emotions about this place.  It's open late, which is awesome.  Food is decent, but nothing fantastic.  Service has always been sub-par.  But somehow I keep going back... hmmm...
Good chinese food in vegas?  Yup, I was pleasantly suprised.  The food here is standard chinese restaurant food, good but not excellent.  It is better than what I like to call "Chinese Themed" restaurants that you'll find in the casinos.  Trust me, it's better than the strip stuff.
I saw this restaurant on the food network as a good late night eat.  I'm so glad we tried it.  It was really good and I'm so glad that it was open late.  I'll most definitely return.  If you want Chinese food I would eat here, not on the strip.
It's the most authentic Cantonese style dishes you can get. Most of the dishes are tasty. If your craving your Chinese wedding banquet food you can get that here. Ummm.....jelly fish cold plate...anybody? 
We order about 5 dishes for dinner and they were all delicious. It's a bit pricey but well worth it. Have to come back to try their lobster and many other dishes. The place is neat and clean. Staff is friendly and helpful. Definitely worth coming back!
I have not found a good, authentic Chinese restaurant, but when I tried this place with some family members...how should I say this...I saw a clearing (after a search for decent Chinese food) hehehe...

We ordered their Hong Kong Style Chow Mein, Tofu & Eggplant w/ Shrimp Sauce, a Chilean Sea Bass dish, and my fave....their Crispy House Chicken! I was actually impressed with their quality of food. Service was pretty good, but they took a while to give us our tab after it got busy (I guess that's good that they don't rush you!). 

I will be eating here more often now that this place has been discovered....(maybe I should just venture down Spring Mountain more often!)
Joyful House is a fun family restaurant for all type of guests. They were just recently were elected for Las Vegas City's best Chinese restaurant. Our party was very pleased with the recent remodeling to a modern-contemporary theme, it was total comfort illustrating a mid to upscale authentic Chinese restaurant. One thing that caught our immediate attention was the exquisite display of the live seafood tank.

The staff was very friendly, very courteous, the service was outstanding. The manager recommended their signature "Braised Lobster in Thai Sauce", and our appetite was insatiable for more.

One important aspect of Joyful House that wasn't publicized was their extensive wine list. The 89 bottle of Chateau Lafite was more than extraordinary.

Eventually, we ended our experience at Joyful House with the "Mango Pudding" dessert, complimentary at the request of the owner. Vibrant yellow in a shape of a heart, it was one of the best dessert I've ever tasted. Along with the mango pudding, we also learned an interesting history about the establishment of Joyful House.

Having the opportunity to dine over most of Asia, concluding Joyful House as a "great" Chinese Cuisine falls discriminately short of injustice. And anyone assert dis-satisfactory has zero aptitude in distinguishing a fine authentic Chinese Cuisine. Thank you Joyful House for such an exclusive experience!
Good food. Always stop by whenever we are in town. The fact that they're open late is a plus. Price is decent. Then, why not 5 stars, it is the service that they are lack off.  The servers r super lazy. :(
This place is definitely my favorite Chinese Restaurant in Las Vegas. Hands down. Every time I have friends in town and they want to eat good off the strip Chinese food, this is place we go. Its open around lunch time and closes super late, 11am-3am. When I first walked into this place, I saw a good sign. Tons and tons of other Asian families eating here. The menu is pretty extensive and also has pictures for the newbies.

We ordered: Salt and Pepper Pork Chops, Pan Fried Sea Bass, Roast Duck, Salt and Pepper Sea Bass, Spicy String Beans with Chicken, Garlic Ong Choy, and some Oyster Clay Pot.

Wow. I was definitely amazed by the taste and quality of the food. The Salt and Pepper Pork Chops are definitely different from the other restaurants. Instead of battering the pork and deep frying it, they do it in a way that the batter isn't fried in. Its like a separate layer above the meat so you can taste both parts when you bite into it. Its weird to explain but its good. So good, that we order it every time we go there. 

The Pan Fried Sea Bass is my absolute favorite. The lightly fried sea bass comes swimming in sweet soy sauce but it doesn't overpower the taste nor the light crisp. Definitely a must order.

The Roast Duck here is waaaaaay better than at Sam Woo BBQ. The dish here actually has large chunks of meat. It has a right combination of crispy skin and meaty meat. That's the way this dish should be served.

The Salt and Pepper Sea Bass was good but not a must have. The Spicy String Beans with Pork was good also.... But not a must have. I would probably order other dishes the next time I'm here.

The Oyster Clay Pot was surprisingly filled with..... Lots of oysters! It comes with roast port, fried tofu, and lots of oysters. Definitely a must have if you like this kind of dish.

Last but not least, the Garlic Ong Choy is one of my favorite veggie dishes. It was cooked perfectly. The leafy part was soft, yet not overcooked, and the stems were slightly crunchy in texture.

This place is great. I highly recommended it. Funny thing is when I ask my coworkers where they go to get good Chinese food, they always say Joyful House. I felt like I was the last one in on this wonderful secret. I've been back here at least 5 times since I first discovered it. Its that good.

As always, pictures are included! Yummy!
LOVE their Rosy Duck. TIP: appetizer portion if 8.99, half duck is 9.99...it is much larger and worth the $1. We get the duck everytime we go.

Lunch menu is decent. For 6.99 or so you get a drink, eggroll, soup, wonton, entree, and fried rice. The entree I had (beef and green pepper) wasn't exciting or that great, but I felt it was a good value. 

House crispy chicken is also amazing.. I will say the house chicken and rosy duck are v. similar, so only order one or the other depending on your particular poultry craving that day.
In my world, there's 2 kinds of food.
You have Grub and Chow.
Chow is the kinda food you eat just to get full (i.e. taco bell, jack'n the box) and grub is something that's of a higher caliber.
This place is MOST DEFINITELY some grubbin ass grub.

I would suggest the following:
Salt & pepper pork chops
Rosey duck
Salt & pepper calamari
Pan fried baby bak choy
Pan fried chinese broccoli
A great place for late night dining.

Have never been there before midnight, but i am sure that it is good around the clock.
The Joyful House is one of the few China Town restaurants that I never got around to trying when I lived in Vegas but... on my last trip here, I met some friends there...

It's good.  And nice inside... and they accommodated our group really well with little complaint.  I'd say 4 star overall except.. for the dish I ordered.  Lucky me, we were eating family style.  I ordered the seabass mushroom claypot which sounded amazing and was the most expensive thing we ordered... but it was toooo fishy tasting.  Everything was great except for my dish.  *cry*

I'd still go back... I don't hold a grudge.

See ya there.
So from the reviews I went to this sorry establishment.  I actually created an account just to write about this nasty place. Beware: They are hidden under the guise of a chinese restaurant.  So I took my boyfriend and his friend, both white yet have a pallette for good chinese food.

The first sign this place might be a problem: No chinese patrons! ALL white people and I mean all white except for me and the staff.

I have to admit we went there twice just to confirm our initial opinion.  Food is not fresh, they lie when they say the fish dish is 50% off. Really??!! $19 for a fried fish.  Do you mean to tell me that the fish was originally $38.  No respectable chinese person would ever pay $38 for a fried fish, even 19 bucks for this low grade, rotten tasting fish. Yuck!  It tasted like it had been sitting in sewer water.  

I also had chow fun, garlic spinach, minced pork with salty fish, roast duck and won ton soup.  The only good dish was the won ton soup. How pathetic!  I could tell the food is not fresh.

I agree with a previous reviewer when he was wondering where all the duck meat was on the supposed duck.. All I got was greasy skin and bones.

My journey for great, off the strip chinese food continues.
Wow!  Love this restaurant.  We had a big family dinner on Chinese New Year's Eve.  We ordered:

- a CNY special dish - smoked oysters with mushrooms and lettuce - fantastic!

- steamed flounder with ginger and garlic sauce - WOW!!

- salt and pepper shelled shrimps - so yummy!

- cold dish appetizer - 3 kinds of meat and jellyfish - 2 thumbs up!  The duck is so tender and succulent.  

- fish maw soup with crab meat - just the right size for our table

At the end of the meal, we had sweet lentil soup for dessert and what's more, it was on the house!!

Will definitely visit this restaurant again.
"The MSG is strong in this one" , that's what I expected my fortune cookie to read after tanking 5 glasses of water and 5 cups of hot tea.

But none the less the food was fantastic.
Here's what we ordered for a party of 3.

Scallop Soup
Honey Walnut Shrimp (HUGE PRAWNS)
2 lb Garlic Crab
Pan Fried Sea Bass with Soy Sauce 
Sizzling Beef platter
Black Bean Clams
Roast Duck
Chicken Chow Fun.


God. Please forgive me for I have sinned. I am a gluttonous whore and I deserve to have an apple stuffed in my mouth and be roasted over an open flame.
Based on the reviews I read, I decided to get food for my family from this place. Unfortunately, I was a bit disappointed with their food. On top of that, their food was pretty pricey, which included $9 for just chicken fried rice. 

I also ordered clams with vermicelli in special sauce as well as walnut pr0nz. The pr0nz were the most expensive, which was $14 bucks. As good as they were, they only put in roughly 7 or so pr0nz in the to-go box. I don't get it. I was expecting more than that. The clams and vermicelli was way too salty, and there were hardly any vermicelli noodles in it. I appreciate there being a good amount of clams, but unfortunately the sauce was more like a soup. The fried rice didn't have much flavor and it was too salty for my tastes as well. 

Service was cool though. All the staff were very helpful in making sure I was being helped. Sadly, I wasn't too fond of the food. I'd like to give this place another chance when I'm in town again, but for now 2 stars.
A Chinese hot pot place?!  Richard C. proclaimed that Joyful House offered such a treat after 10 pm!

Last Friday night, the Husband and I ventured over to Spring Mountain to find out if such a thing really did exist.  We were only expecting Chinese hot pot, not AYCE for the mere price of $15.50/pp.

We were easily persuaded and a quick peek at what they offered helped as well.

As they set up the gas stove and dual hot pot, they also provided two dipping sauces - one being a chili oil and the other a sesame-like paste.

Everything was laid out nicely on a couple of tables along the back: 

* octopus balls
* beef balls
* pork balls
* wontons
* dumplings
* chicken
* beef
* pork
* squid
* mussels
* shrimp
* napa cabbage
* spinach
* bok choy
* tofu
* tofu sheets
* flat rice noodles
* vermicelli noodles

I'm sure they had a few other things that I forgot to mention.  Also in the broth was taro and radish.

For dessert, they offered complimentary red bean soup and fortune cookies.

Service was surprisingly attentive.  It was slow when we arrived shortly after 10 pm, and there were a few diners.  Business picked up with at least two large parties also enjoying the AYCE hot pot.  The staff was good at refilling our water, tea, and asking if we needed more broth in our pot.  They had a lot of staff around, so that was a good thing.

Late night AYCE Chinese hot pot begins at 9 pm! 

3.5 stars
When we walked in the place, only three other tables were occupied and they soon left, leaving us the only diners in the place.  It was a Monday evening, after all.  My sinking feeling got worse when I saw therre was a fairly small (for a Chinese place) selection of poultry dishes.  I opted for sauteed shrimp and onions in a spicy garlic sauce and my wife ordered the sesame chicken.  Both were very good.  Mine was VERY good.  And being the only diners in teh joint, attentive service was a given.  This irestaurant is VERY seafood-oriented.  Recommended.
We ordered the beef chow fun, peppered beef, roast duck and garlic eggplant... All pretty good, especially the duck.. 
Pretty suprised for a place open late.. think they're open till 2am, but not sure.
Gonna have to try the hot pot next time.
Outside building don't look so cool. Inside looks decent like other restaurants. They have really good service though. The food was pretty good, and I plan on going back there to eat again. I'd ordered the seafood clay pot, which was delicious. They made it spicy for us. The flavor was tasteful and not overwhelming. We also had the fried pork chop. I like the light salt and hot peppers seasoned over it. The pork chop had some parts too fatty though. They also brought out complimentary soup and green bean dessert drink for us. Next time, I will try their hot pots. It's a minimum of 2 people. I left the place indeed feeling joyful.
not as hot as i would have thought. 

had 3x 10 people dinner tables. 

Soup was bland, no taste, had to add vinegar and some pepper to bring out the taste (note~, i'm asian so i don't need a lot of MSG). 

had 3 different kind of Seafood. One was Lobster entree and the other was Fish. 1 person i knew went back to the hotel and had a horrible stomach ache. 3 others has allergic reactions because of the seafood. 

the place had pretty good business. I didn't order or choose what dishes we were going to have that night, but perhaps, if i ordered things that were more my style, it would be better?. Service was pretty good probably because we had 1lobster and 1 fish per table. I dunno the price but, 15/20 bucks per seafood entree multiply by 3 = a lot of money + tips. LOL
I went here for lunch the other day with some friends. I had the won ton noodle soup which was a little bland. The beef and broccoli was pretty good. We also had pork chops and pan fried noodles with sauce on top and both were also pretty good. Aside from the soup we had a good dining experience. The place was nice and the service was good. I heard that this place is conveniently open late. I may have to try this place when I am out late one night.
SHELLFISH ALLERGY? 6LB LOBSTER?  WHAT TO DO?

Lobster!  Duh.  So there was a small possibility that I might have had a shellfish allergy, but after my 6lb plate of deep fried lobster perfection, I think I can rest easy now.

Man, I had forgotten how great this place is for seafood.  Despite being "only kinda hungry" my group of four proceeded to order a 6lb deep fried lobster, XO beans, ong choy, soup, and steamed fish.  

This is one of the best lobsters I've ever had.  Lightly dusted in cornstarch, salt, pepper, and crack(?), then quickly fried to perfection keeping the meat moist and succulent.  The pictures speak for themselves.  Plus they were having a 50% off special on lobster, so our titanic crustacean only cost us $100. 

The only disappointment was the fish, not because it wasn't good, but because we had no idea it cost $59/lb!  That 1.5lb cost us as much as the lobster and wasn't worth it.  Next time we'll be sure to ask how much the fish costs before we order.  

Other than that, a perfect meal.
Do you like fresh seafood? Like, it-was-swimming-two-minutes-ago fresh seafood? And would you like your seafood served in a simmering hotpot of wine, asian chiles and whole cloves of garlic? Then Joyful House may be for you.

Do you like noodles? How about tender cuts of beef stir-fried in a rich whole black bean and garlic sauce served atop large portions of rice noodles? Then Joyful House may be for you.

Lastly, are you intimidated by large menus offering delicacies you've never heard of? Well, then Joyful House will definitely be for you! they've got a fantastically broad and diverse menu... organized by protein and illustrated with large photos to tempt your tastebuds.

Joyful House has quick service, is clean (although the decor is a bit tired), and most importantly delicious. My favorite aspect, though, it that they are open until 3am! Perfect for a late night dinner date in Chinatown. I noted that they had a bar so you can order a cocktail, but I also noted they have a limited beer and wine selection. They serve Coke products and hot tea is complimentary. They have combination dinners available for 2 or more diners, but for the most part meals are served family style (which is my personal preference for Chinese restaurants anyway). They can accomodate tables of 2 or tables of 10 quite easily and our server was very nice.

We will definitely be visiting Joyful House again. We were so impressed with the seafood (delicious clams!), and we look forward to trying the roasted duck on our next visit. Highly recommended.
Awesome roasted duck, which I ordered based on my fellow yelpers reviews here.  Good call peeps!  I'm still drooling over that one. Also tried the combination pan fried noodles (with soft noodles) and it was quite good, although I only found 2 shrimp, they were big shrimp and extremely flavorful.  Seemed to have mostly pork in it, which was really good though.  Can't wait to go back and try their hot pots!  Extreme yum-quotient here, so check it out ASAP!  

Also, thumbs up to their awesome interactive online menu.  All restaurants should have a web site like theirs.
The food is so good here. A must try is the roasted duck, salt and pepper lobster and combination fried noodles. Very high quality here. I wish there was a Joyful House in Orange County. The service is pretty good.
The food there is good but the customer service can be hit or miss. I can't even count how many times I've been there and the experience ranges from the most pleasant to the most bizarre.

One low point was when we wanted to order pork & scallops as an entree (I know it's an odd combo but my friend digs it!). We've ordered this many times before without having any issues. On this rare occasion when the moon was full... the guy wanted to charge us PER scallop. Weird!

Another time I was there I think they forgot to flavor the soup.

So as you can see I've had very odd experiences there but yet I keep coming back... Why? Because overall you get a lot for what you're paying and the food is good :)
the best chinese food in las vegas, by far
Not great, but at least not disgusting...

We picked this place by looking in the window and noticing there were customers, customers which were Chinese, no less!

This joint serves the typical Cantonese style chinese meal, I ordered the vegetarian noodle soup (think wonton noodle soup without the wontons and a bunch of blanched veggies on top).  The soup and noodles were passable, but the veggies were super bland.  

Better than nothing.
Have gone to this place several times. The first time based on the reviews on Yelp. 

Try the seafood with tofu in clay pot. Delicious. My wife raves about their salt and pepper pork chops; and seafood hotpot. My fav is always the chicken chow fun. 

Last night had the dried chowmein and chicken...not so good this time. The noodles were wet, not crispy. Update: went there again last night with my mother-in-law from Ukraine. Her first Chinese food and she loves the seafood hotpot and chicken chow fun.

The tofu with veges are awesome. T

We have to try their crabs and lobster some day.
Surprisingly good Chinese food in Las Vegas!  I came here recently with my family and this was my first time in Vegas' Chinatown.  It's about 10-15 minutes (depending on traffic) off the Strip.  The restaurant was pretty empty for a Friday night dinner, but don't let that deter you from coming here.  We had the following:
 
1) Scallops in Black Bean Sauce - Pretty average dish.

2) Pan Fried Chilean Sea Bass in Garlic Soy Sauce - This was the daily special.  It's on their regular menu, but discounted from the regular price.  It's a thick fillet, not a whole fish, and I'd go with this over the scallops.

3) Crispy Fried Dungeness Crab with Salt and Pepper - I loved this dish!  The tempura batter was crisp and the seasoning was not overly salty.  The crab meat was hot and tender.

4) Crispy Fried Marinated Chicken - The crispy skin was fantastic.  The meat was fine.

5) Pan Fried Spinach in Garlic Sauce - Simple and good.

6) Wonton Noodle Soup - Good, but pricey.

I enjoyed our meal and the service was not bad with the exception of my drink order.  I wanted the Hong Kong Style Hot Tea with Cream, but they just couldn't get it right.  First, my drink never came.  We asked for it again and some more time passed before a cold mug of tea was brought out, ugh.  There wasn't even any cream in it!  We sent it back and the manager apologized for the server being new.  They have a lot of drink options, but since I didn't try mine I can't vouch for any.
This place was REALLY good.  My husband and I ordered the Family Meal B for 2, which came with so much food it could have fed 5!  And it was only $16 per person.   The food was really good too.  It came with hot and sour soup, egg rolls, dumplings, and another appetizer, pork fried rice, chicken chowmein, lemon chicken, and sizzling beef.  Seriously enough food to feed ALOT more than just 2.

Also, I forgot my credit card on the table and before I even made it out the door the waiter had handed it to me, making sure I didn't forget it. Also, the two hosts of the restaurant came to our table both while we ate, and after to make sure we had enjoyed our food. 

 Our 2 year old son also really enjoyed the huge fish tanks that had live fish and lobsters (which I'm sure were also on the menu).
I chop yo chicken!!! I chop yo chicken into small chunks. I don't mince yo chicken.... I just chop into tiny juicy pieces. This is the reason why the egg drop soup with minced chicken didn't suck. Unlike Most restaurants which tend to abuse their chicken (Capitol Seafood), Joyful did chicken right like your gams gams making homemade chicken soup. But not everybody is your gam gams, and most tend to abuse their chicken because chicken is so lean it leads to dry bland chicken bits that you will choke on (I just wanted to put "choke" and "chicken" in the same sentence).

The spicy and probably sour shrimp was decent, but not stellar although they did do a stand-up job on prepping those on-yerns (onions) which was sliced thinly - most Chinese restaurants will just quarter the onions.... slackers!

Also ordered the tau miu which was your standard garlic pea shoot vegetable dish. Nothing like your leafy green vegetables to keep you "regular"... this might be good for you, if you're one of those people that disappear for an hour or so with a magazine under your arm. FYI - I'm in'n'out in record time... the secret is "leafy greens".

The last dish was some beef dish with a generic indistinctive flavor. That's why I'll generically just say it was "decent".

The reason why I tried this place out, is because I can't stand getting screwed with all the high priced, hyped up crap on the strip. Instead, I like my "crap" off the strip.... speaking of crap, those leafy greens I had earlier is working their magic.
It has been a while and the menu we enjoyed ecapes me. The ambiance 
is pretty standard of spring mountain area. The one thing that should stick out to the Yelp community is the SICK and I ain't kidding wine list. Joyful house is a regular stop for Hong Kong whales late night. They evidently 
can't get enough vintage Bordeaux. There were 61's 82's 90's and a plethora of other rediculous vitages and other fun Germans as well. I am not convinced that most of the wine list paires with the food style but damn it is sexy reading.
For those of you who are going to order Kung-Pao whatever and Cashew whatever, Fried Rice, Egg Foo Young, or Egg Rolls,  then complain how it wasn't good, better not eat here.  This is a Chinese Restaurant.

I wouldn't go to a fine Mexican Restaurant and Order Nachos Bell Grande or Meximelts for dinner.

With that said,  finding a good Chinese Restaurant in a desert would be challanging.  I am writing this as a customer with lots of Chinese restaurants tested. 

The ambience was conservative and they are open from 11am - 3am
The price was a bit higher, but not outrageous, but this is Las Vegas.
Good wine list, but not really apropo for some of the food here.

The seafood dishes we ordered were extremely fresh
We had a Stir-fried scallop and veggie dish that tasted very fresh and was cooked perfectly.
The sweet and pungent shrimp dish was very good. The sauce was made from fresh tomatoes and not ketchup like other restaurants.
The Filet Mignon dish was very good
The waiter had recommended the sauteed young pea leaves which btw was excellent.
We had a Fried Tofu dish that was standard, nothing special.
They used good quality rice for the steamed rice.

We skipped the pricier seafood dishes that spiraled near the $100 mark or more, but all in all we got out for $75.00 (not including tips) for 3 people.
We were too full for dessert so no reviews here

I would have to say I definitely would make a return trip here when I am back in Las Vegas again.
We ate at Joyful House two saturdays ago. We ordered egg rolls, kung pao shrimp and roasted duck. The duck was a major disappointment. It looked decent at first, but once I dug in it was fatty, tough and grizzly. I've never had to work so hard to get to the meat before. Our waiter came by and asked how we were doing, I mentioned that the duck was very difficult to eat. He brought me wet naps. It was appreciated, but a knife might have been more helpful. 

Photos are posted.
If ever there was a place away from the strip that offered great Chinese food, this is it. I love eating Chinese food, and the one thing that I use to gauge their greatness is honey walnut shrimp, or walnut prawns. This place has the best honey walnut shrimp in Vegas so far, and I base this on the food from home.

Watch how far you drive down Spring Mountain--this place is right off Decatur and Spring Mountain in a little strip. Although the building is a bright color, at night it is still easy to miss. Parking is a bit tight, but it is worth it!

When you walk in, the Buddha statue is at the entrance with piles of coins from customers on his belly. I always rub his belly when I walk in. The servers are very attentive--and all male--and there is no wait for a table. The menus are easy to read with the set dinners on the very first page, but if you feel adventurous, I would suggest the more foreign dishes to eat. They are truly authentic, serving black fungus and jellyfish, shark fin soup, among other things. Most Americans would never order these dishes, but trust me--you have to try it.

We ate the honey walnut shrimp (obviously), black fungus and season vegetables, braised tofu, wonton noodle soup, and jelly fish. It was all oustanding, all in their right sauces and the vegetables with that nice slight char from the breath of the dragon. The tofu was perfect, and the black fungus was cooked just right. I love cold jellyfish, and this was one of the best that I've had in Vegas.

Overall, the meal was outstanding and reminded me of the Joyful restaurant back home on Guam. We waited four minutes for our food, and everything was cooked perfectly, presented beautifully, and tasted spectacular.

Who says that you have to eat on the strip? Save some money and go to the side streets. You never know what gems you may find.
This was an easy late night staple and we've eaten here quite a bit of times. What we have gotten is pretty good and have not had a bad experience here yet. It's not the best I've had, but it is solid and specially when it comes to late night where most places go downhill in quality, I appreciate that it's consistent. We just get off of work, we're not drunk so we actually care what food tastes like.

They have stuff that serves more for a friendly palette but they also have legit dishes too and have tried quite a few of those are are indeed, authentic and want to note in particular that the seafood is fresh and fairly priced. Servers are pretty friendly here too, specially since the late night crew are the same, they are familiar with us and are attentive on the drinks refills

It's a good standby for late night eats. We are fairly regular here.
OMG! This may rank as one of the best Chinese restaurants in Vegas. I'm a local and just let me say this is not your average run-of-the-mill place. The service was great - the host was amazingly friendly and helpful from the moment we walked in the door - he even helped us order. Try the whole duck for about $14. Seriously - $14. It was great. We will definitely add this to list of great restaurants in Chinatown.
I just got home from dinner here with the family. There were 12 1/2 of us (lil madison isn't even big enough for a booster seat yet). I've been here many times already and always have a good experience, except for the one time I was here for lunch and the roast duck was all dried out. The staff is always super nice.

I was here on a Tuesday a couple weeks ago and the whole roasted duck was on special. We asked them about discounted whole duck tonight and they said it's only on special Monday through Friday.  

I can't remember everything we ordered. We had to get 1 1/2 orders on most of the dishes. Here is what I do remember:

Roasted Duck - a whole one ("I'll have the chicken. A whole one")
Pan Fried Fresh Scallop w/Broccoli
Honey Walnut Prawns
Sizzling Beef Tenderloin Mignon in Pepper Sauce
Crispy Fried Whole Flounder Sole in Garlic Sauce
Braised Tofu w/Black Mushroom in Brown Sauce
Sweet & Sour Pork
Fried Rice w/Salted Fish & Diced Chicken
Beef Chow Fun
Pan Fried Spinach in Garlic Sauce
I used to love this place, but over the years there have been many Chinese restaurants that have opened with better prices. Joyful has kept their price high.  

The food is good, but pricier than others. My usual order at Joyful are:

Eggplant and Tofu Hotpot w/ Shrimp Paste
Egg Foo Yung
Shark's Fin Soup
Green Beans with X/O Sauce
Fried Tofu
Salt & Pepper Pork Chop

Don't get me wrong, the food here is amazing but it is pricier than others so I give it A-OK.
This place is an excellent restaurant for Chinese food.  Definitely one of my all time favorite Chinese food restaurants to visit.  The food is always fresh and well prepared.  There is a wide variety of dishes to choose from with good portion sizes.  I could make a meal out of the appetizers alone.  The last few times I was there I have eaten the salt & pepper chicken, pork, shrimp; sweet & sour chicken, pork, shrimp; whole fried Flounder, honey/ walnut shrimp, seared scallops and most recently the Lobster w/ garlic and scallions.  Their Fried Rice dishes are also superb.  I have not been disappointed with this restaurant yet.
The best thing about this place?  Closes at 3 a.m.

Next best thing?  The service.  There are some nice folks here.

The food?  Just okay.  Also, all the seafood seemed extremely expensive.  And that comes from a guy who usually doesn't look at pricing.

The gf and I had:

- Cilantro, Preserved Eggs, & Sliced Fish Filet Soup (pretty good)

- Clams in Black Bean Sauce (nice and tasty clams)

- Sizzling Tenderloin Mignon in Black Pepper Sauce (sounds incredibly tasty, tastes like nothing)

- Chilean Sea Bass with Tofu & Black Mushrooms in Clay Pot (not a bad dish, but had I known the sea bass was going to be deep fried, I would have opted for the steamed version)

I think I also ordered one other dish, but for the life of me I can't remember.

Anyhoo, nothing really wowed us here.  Plus, we polished all of our food, which surprised us, because we thought we'd get bigger portions than we did.
It's open till 3am, so it's got that going for it. It's decent, not OMG great, but at 1am and Ichiza's packed and you've been burned-out of Shuseki, Joyful's a good place to go. I've gotten the Hong Kong style beef chowmein, and it was good. The salt and pepper porkchop was -meeeh-. Not as good as others i've had. No black pepper is used, just jalapeno.(not a huge fan of it)

Good for late-night Chinese cravings.
Joyful House is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in town, and I come here quite often because of it's convenient hours (open til 3 am, I believe), and it's great food.  They have a large selection of live seafood to choose from, all coming from the tanks they have in the middle of the restaurant.  A sign acts as the menu with the prices for the fresh fish and seafood of the day.  They have different sized lobsters, crab, snapper, sea bass, and many others.  Seafood is not all they do well, though.  

The Mongolian Beef is very good, as well as the Pork Chops with Salt & Pepper.  I also really like their Roasted Duck, which is a huge portion that serves a lot of people.  I usually try to come to Joyful House with a lot of people because their portions are large, making it a very affordable feast for lots of hungry people.  

The prices are a about a dollar more per item than most Chinese restaurants in the area, but it's worth it with the quality of food you get from Joyful House.  The price might also be attributed to the nicer ambiance you get here.  The waiters are professionally dressed, and the decor is fancier than most places.  The tables are well set, and the plates and silverware are even of good quality.  

If you're looking for a nice Chinese dinner with a lot of people, go to Joyful House.  Great food, great service, great restaurant!
Came here for lunch with my Fiance. We ordered 2 things and became instant fans.

- Salty fish & chicken fried rice.  Plenty of salty fish & chicken bits.  Not over oily.  Not too salty.  Just right.

- Shanghai Dumplings aka Xiao Lung Bao.  OMG.  These are delicious.  The skin was perfect.  Not too thick and not too thin so the soup stayed where it belongs - inside the dumpling.  I was shocked to find out that it was only the 2nd day since they began selling these.  The waiter said that they were doing a test run to see how people would like it.  If I lived in the area, I would definitely come back for these dumplings.  With the first bite you can tell that they use high quality ingredients and they don't skimp on the meat at all.

Okay, so maybe we're more fans of the xiao lung bao.  I'll have to revisit the next time I'm in LV.  In the mean time, you really need to come and try these before they stop making them.  This might turn their lunch business around!
Seriously great Chinese seafood.

Right now, you can get the live spot prawns WITH their eggs.  Don't pass this up.  They are $10 each but well worth it.  Could have eaten six and call it a meal.  The eggs taste like millions of fresh shrimp.  The head is soooo creamy.  The tail so sweet!

The honey walnut prawns are equally good although more common.

The Chinese spinach also deserves special mention.

This place is known for seafood and that's what you should eat.  You can get duck anywhere right.

Service is excellent.  The decor is upscale.

They are open real late (3am) so get your fix whenever you like.
Came here in a group of 5. We were actually planning on going to another restaurant, but it was packed and we came across this place. 

I was a little late, so when I arrived all the food was already there. We got crispy noodles, garlic crab, honey walnut shrimp, duck, and soup. I have no complaints at all about the food, it was all delicious.

The waiter was pretty friendly and efficient as well. He always filled up our water glasses once they reached halfway and took away our plates the second we were done. 

I'd like to come back. The prices are cheap, the portions are large, and the food is good.
Stopped by here after a late night of casino hopping. I wouldnt say it's the best chinese food ever, but it did the job especially for late night. Plus that it opens til 3am.
My favourite Chinese food in Las Vegas.  Very nice staff and great food.
January 31 2011. Dinner.

We had the Sizzling Rice Seafood Soup first.  The Flavor of the broth and fish was wonderful, however the calamari pieces were as chewy as slices of rubber tire, completely inedible. But alas, don't fret...

The Crispy Fried Chilean Sea Bass with S&P was completely without fault. Absolutely full of flavor, very fresh tasting (and i'm extremely conscience of fish freshness). A large center slice of Seabass. Just lovely.

We also had the Sauteed Prawns in Spicy Sweet and Sour Sauce which was very good.  in addition to the incredible menu choices, they have several live seafood tanks with a variety of seafood; prawns, geoduck, shellfish, other live fish.  

Atmosphere was marred by this random table in the middle of the walkway heading to our booth - this oddly placed table was covered in clean restaurant dishes, glasses, napkins, and brickabrack of things that are usually hidden at the back or behind a divider, not sitting in the middle of the restaurant.  At first glance, I thought they weren't ready for business yet, but there were patrons inside and that table never disappeared. O, well.  The food was reasonably priced and delicious. Definitely recommend.

http://www.joyfulhouselv.com/menu.html
My wife (Chinese), her business partner and I booked a table here for Chinese New Year's Eve.  From glowing reviews, I was stoked about a great seafood meal, perhaps like I had while living in China for 10 years.  Pity.  No such luck.  The char su (bbq pork) was lean, alright, but chewy like jerky.  And cold.  Noodles were served immediately, when any self-respecting Chinese restaurant owner knows that the "pasta is served at the end!"  At least along side the steamed fish.  Pacing is critical in a good Chinese restaurant with courses arriving at appropriate intervals.  The 'highly recommended' shrimp dish was laden with red sauce.  Very Midwestern and sweet - with all due respect to my Midwestern friends, whose steak and pizza I adore.  In a word, "Fake".  And not cheap!  It may be worth a second try, but I may venture to other places along Spring Mountain to find a great kitchen.  Not the best way to begin the Year of the Rabbit.  Now that's a dish served well and spicy in Beijing.
The service here was good but the portions for the price and the quality was not. Yes the food did taste good but nothing really stood out. I guess since I live near the san gabriel area im pretty much used to this type of food at a more reasonable price. Good dishes to get here are the black bean sauce clams, stir fried string beans,  and fried salt and pepper sea bass. Parking is easy and the wait isn't long.
I'm ashamed to say tonight was my first trip to joyful house. I've heard a dozen times that it is the best Chinese food in Las Vegas and my husband is Chinese but I never went!

Well, it lived up to the rave reviews. The food was excellent. Zero complaints. Even the service, which generally leaves much to be desired at Chinese places, was friendly and attentive. 

We ordered the salt and pepper calamari, beef chow fun, Mongolian beef, and spicy string beans with minced pork. The calamari was perfection. Nuf said. Ooh and a surprise of crispy jalapeños were mixed in. The string beans were flavorful, fresh, and crisp. The Mongolian beef melted in your mouth. Not a single hint of the tough, chewy, overcooked beef you may have encountered elsewhere. 

No culinary surprises here. Classic Chinese cuisine done right. Really right.
What a nice way to end a busy day of running errands in the Vegas heat. My best friend, her family and I came here around 10:30pm. It had been ages since my last visit (I think I was 10 years old or so) ,so I couldn't exactly remember what the food tasted like, but at the moment I was up for anything in the Chinatown area. 

We ordered: 

Cream of Chicken and Corn Soup- pretty standard soup. It reminded me of egg flower soup with cream of corn. I don't know if I'd order this again because it wasn't anything special. I think I'd prefer won ton soup over this. 


Beef & Broccoli- I was a little skeptical about ordering this dish because I always try to order things that you can't get at other places. This dish you can order anywhere and I was sort of sick of it from places like Panda. However, that is only due to the fact that I forgot how much better it tastes at authentic Chinese restaurants. Beef was chewy and tender, while the stems of the broccoli was soft. The sauce was typical and there was a perfect amount to moisten the dish up and I'm tough critic when it comes to dryness. I couldn't believe at how much the dish amazed me as if it was my first time trying it. 

Honey Walnut Shrimp- one of my all time favorites at any Chinese restaurants. Joyful House will not disappoint because theirs definitely meets the standards. The batter of the shrimp was the perfect thickness, good ratio of shrimp to walnut and the mayonnaise glazed the entire dish perfectly. Loved this! 

Steamed Flounder- just as good as it is anywhere else. My dad also cooks this at home and now I honestly don't find this dish as amusing as I did before. But I'm sure for everyone else they still love it. The fish is very light that is balanced with the soy sauce and oil. The chopped scallions also adds a nice touch, almost like sprinkles on a sundae. On another note, the fish came with all the bones intact and the server meticulously de boned the entire fish at the table. I was truly impressed because the fish still held up it's shape and it wasn't distorted into pieces (if that was my job, it would have been another story). My best friend and I both chatted about how it was our first time experiencing such an art. Apparently all Chinese restaurants are suppose to do this. 

Thank you Joyful House! I was so caught up with the hype of other Asian cuisines from sushi to banh mis that I had forgotten the Chinese were the first to make a good impression on Americans. No wonder, your food is absolutely delicious and will always be considered the Asian classic. You may now be my Chinese restaurant fix when I'm in the Chinatown area.
BOMB.COM

Hands down the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas. 

Sweet & Sour Shrimp: spot on, shrimp was cooked perfectly.
Fried Whole Fish: It's like a deep fried fish chip. Delicious.
Honey Walnut Shrimp: Light on the mayo, perfectly cooked.
Fried Crispy Tofu w/ Shrimp Paste: Probably my favorite dish, the dipping sauce is to die for.

Anyways, those are the dishes I've tried and all have been great.
My only qualm with this place is the prices are just a tad bit more than what I'm used to in California, but hey it's worth it!
I haven't had Chinese food in a while so I took advantage of the fact that my husband wasn't hungry. (He doesn't really eat Asian food) I didn't order much because I knew I would be the only one eating. The crispy lemon chicken sounded good so I ordered that with a side of white rice. It was good especially liked the pieces of lemon. If you order this it's best to eat it there. It gets too soggy the next day ...even if you bake it. I'd like to come back and try the Walnut Shrimp, Fried Rice, and some Chow Mien. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!
It doesn't get more joyful than this people.  Lunch special is sick and you can easily share with a group and at $7.50 for an eggroll, curry puff, soup, entree selection, and a limitless drink.  You can't go wrong.  Open till 3 am people so anyone who gets out as late as I do and wants to get their chinese food on, go.  Only place I can take my man for chinese food that he actually likes and he is super picky about his asian food.   Out of all the joints in chinatown to eat, best HONEY WALNUT SHRIMP  to date. Nuff said!
Amazing! I had been looking for a great Chinese place in town, and randomly stumbled upon Joyful House.

I had the Half Shell Steamed Oysters with Black Bean sauce, which were absolutely fantastic and fresh. The delivery person arrived there after we had been told they were out of oysters, so these were very very fresh. 

I also had the Crispy Fried Tofu stuffed w/ Shrimp Paste. It came with slices of eggplant as well - and the whole thing was delicious. 

To top it all off, we added some chicken fried rice. My expectations with fried rice are pretty basic, and this easily met those. Fried rice is basically fried rice....it's fairly easy for a good Chinese restaurant to not screw this up.

I was pleasantly surprised by their extensive wine menu. I didn't happen to order a $1,500+ bottle of Petrus nor Lafite, but it was nice to see that was an option. ;)  For those of us who aren't on CEO incomes, they had plenty to choose from, and I opted for a $9/glass Merlot.

Total cost for two people - those three dishes and a glass of wine - was about $40. Bottom line: incredible food, friendly service, and a definite place for repeat visits.
This is place is legit!  The food here was awesome and the service was great.  I was with a group so we collectively ordered a whole bunch of stuff but I opted for the Hong Kong style Shrimp plate and the Steamed Tofu with Chinese Greens.  The Hong Kong noodles were perfect and not overly saucy like some of the other places I've tried in Chinatown.  I love the crunchiness of the noodles and the amount of sauce was perfect and kept the outer edges of the noodles crunchy enough to enjoy.  The tofu came out soft, hot, and ready to consume.  Nothing too special going on with the tofu but that's actually how I expected it to be so I was okay with it.  The servers were friendly and checked up on us without being so overbearing about having enough of anything or whether I needed more water after taking 2 sips.

Overall, a great experience!  Will return to grub again soon.
Been here 2 or 3 times now. Easy to find parking (right outside restaurant), good service, medium sized place, good portions, tasty food and not too oily.

The last time I went, we ordered:

- Sizzling Beef Tenderloin Mignon in Pepper Sauce - Very tender, delicious, tons of onions
- Pan Fried Spinach in Garlic Sauce - tasty
- Combination Pan Fried Noodle - nice and crispy
- Beef Chow Fun in Black Bean Sauce - yum!
- Fried Rice w/ Salted Fish & Diced Chicken - small bits of salted fish here and there that are easy to mistake for chicken until you taste it

Great place for Chinese Food in Vegas! (especially if you need to eat dinner early because you have a show to watch or if you want a break from buffets)
Before I moved to Las Vegas, my full knowledge of Asian food was Panda Express. (Not that I'm not going to give it up.) As I've been here, Elite Emily (and LChee before he abandoned me) started dragging me into real Asian food, and of the places we've been so far, this is my favorite Chinese place. For those who are adventurous, eggplant clay pots and various prawns and what not are available for your dining palate, but if you have friends who are new to Asian or Chinese food, basic but delicious items are available, such as fried rice, sweet & sour pork, and lemon chicken. Last night I had the orange blossom beef. Simple but tasty with a delicious sauce.

Afraid to try other cuisines? Go to Joyful House, they can ease you into it. The staff is helpful too; if you have questions, they'll fill you in!
I'm quite surprised I haven't written a review for this place already. 

In a town lacking in quality Chinese cuisine, this is a shining star. I used to be a regular a few years back, but since discovering lots of other treats around town and becoming an addict for trying something new each time I go out, I have neglected poor Joyful House. 

I have never had a bad meal here. They have lots of selection and their staff is extremely friendly and welcoming! Some of my favorites are Peking Duck, Eggplant and Pork Claypot, Salt & Pepper Prawns and too many more dishes that I can't think of off the top of my head. They have something for everything. Orange Blossom Beef for the less adventurous in your group or Steamed Fish and Sea Cucumber for the authentic Chinese Food Palates.

They have great hours, open late for you night owls and great food. I have tried quite a number of dishes on their menu and I haven't ever really been disappointed. I have to make sure I keep them in my rotation more often now that I'm reminded. YUM.
Way to close to the strip to be missed fresh seafood tanks friendly staff the salt and pepper calamari. you know you are at the right place when you are the only table that is all Chinese
awesome food! 

never left this place disappointed. i discovered this place a few years ago and became an instant fan! i try something new every time. the honey walnut shrimp was surprisingly good i didnt think i was gonna like it but i did. salt and pepper pork chops were cooked perfectly cooked, a nice crispy and tender in the middle. cant remember the other dishes my friends ordered but i couldnt find anything wrong with the dishes we shared. 

the prices on the other hand i remembered them to be slightly lower before. but none the less still an awesome meal to end a vegas trip!
This place had a big hype to live for when I first visited.  A lot of my friends kept telling me of this place.......and they were right.  The restaurant itself does not really stand out for me, typical looking, but the food was very good.  My favorite was the honey walnut shrimp. I always loved that dish and this place did not fail in making it good.  My friends ordered the spicy salt and pepper pork chops.  That was very tasty and was how it should be, crispy outside, but moist and tender inside.  It really is easy to eat here, if you're in a buig group like we were, just order a bit of everything and everyone just picks off different plates.  This place is a defiantly to come back to and I'm a fan now.
Overrated and overly priced. The food was half decent and the customer service wasn't that great - had to ask for our water 3 times.   Lobster and Dungeness crab was 3-4 times more expensive than a normal chinese restaurant - $65 per pound for lobster, I might as well eat at an actual 5 star restaurants in a 5 star casino.  Don't come here unless you want to waste your money.  If you're going to spend this much money, I recommend Blosom restaurant located inside the Aria Casino and Resort.  My review might be harsh because I've had better food or the same food quality for a much lower price.
Best Chinese in town.  Been coming here for over 10 years.  Love it.
Best chinese food so far in Vegas. It's a little more expensive than other similar restaurants but worth it.
We went there on our first date. 

We were greeted by a friendly hostess. 

Our server on the other hand, didn't speak English very well. We did manage to get our order in by ordering by number on the menu. He meant well though. lol

We started with the salt and pepper calamari, it was delicious but she didn't have any. She is allergic to seafood and vegetarian, I know! But we pressed on through dinner..lol

I had the seafood hot pot which was amazing, it was perfectly cooked  and so flavorful. 

She had the vegetarian hot pot with tofu. Although I'm not a big fan of tofu. it was pretty damn good.

It was also my first time having a drink with those tapioca balls. At first, it was hard to get used to, the straws were so wide, it felt quite weird but the tapioca balls were good. (no pun intended) lol

This place has been around for years and really does it right.
I was so excited because when I called this place to place an order, the guy actually spoke enough English that I thought I didn't have any problems talking to him! I always order Chicken and Broccoli, and since I've moved here from the East Coast I have noticed a lot of places put mushrooms in it. I don't want mushrooms, chicken and broccoli, I want chicken and broccoli. So I thought I would be smart and ask whether or not it had mushrooms before I ordered it. He said no, reassuring me that there wasn't and then asked me if I wanted American broccoli or Chinese broccoli. I thought all broccoli was the same, but silly me. So I said American, being safe. Well I received me food and found mushrooms all over the dish. I guess he didn't understand as much English as I gave him credit for!
As far as food is concerned it is good. As far as what we got for our reunion "Chinese banquet" dinner -- not so much. However, having said that, it is tough to organize a banquet for a large group and I felt we were jipped in price for what we got. I know if I went to the restaurant myself and ordered the same dishes, it would've cost much less.

Still, our dishes were good. We had:

Salt and pepper calamari -- your standard Chinese restaurant fare, good with tons of garlic

Fried veggie rolls -- I would've preferred these rolled in beancurd sheets, but what the hell

Shrimp with broccoli was nice, shrimp were plump, large and snappy.

Peking duck -- this was sad as there was a measly piece of duck in a huge bao 

Black pepper steak with portabello mushrooms -- strange combination but what the hell, it was good

Steamed flounder -- okay I mean I order this dish often and it rarely runs more than $10-$12 a pop so don't sell it as something expensive PLEASE!

Stir fried green beans -- this was done really well with bits of preserved turnip greens in it. LOVED it.

Braised duck E-fu noodles -- okay, epic fail because these were not E-fu noodles. They looked and tasted more like regular egg noodles. I was so damn disappointed because I love E-fu noodles and these were not it.

At the end of the day, this meal did not constitute $50/head even with a few bottles of wine and beer thrown in. PUH-LEEZ! Only about 30% of the people had drinks. I think I was more upset that it was $50/head. I know if we had just gone in ourselves and ordered this menu, we would've easily walked away paying no more than $25/person tax and tip included.
All I can say is WOW!! Well maybe I can say more than that, AUTHENTIC, FRESH, FRIENDLY, DELICOUS. They brought out our seafood alive prior to cooking so that we knew that our meal was fresh. EAT HERE!! It is only minutes from the strip. The staff at these off srtip places are so greatful to have you there they make the experience one of a kind with their attentiveness. SUCH AMAZING CHINESE FOOD!!
I feel like lately I've only been reviewing places I didn't like so now I am going to pick a place I like and review it.  I've been to Joyful House many times and it's pretty consistently good.  My favorite thing to get here are the steamed oysters that you order individually.  I rarely am able to find this dish anywhere else but it is just so amazing.  Oysters steamed with black bean sauce and globs of garlic on top...How could that ever not be good?

Other stuff I've had that were really good are: Sizzling Scallops with Black Bean Sauce and Steamed Live Rock Cod (at $80 it was a little pricey but it was divine).  Most of other items I've had were decent.

The only thing I've had here that was bad was the dessert.  I ordered the ice cream mochi and the mochi skin was dried up and not chewy, probably due the packaging not being sealed properly.  I might've been able to send it back but I didn't ask.  The fried ice cream wasn't good either.

Oh, and this place is open til 3am!  Ideal for blowing some money on seafood after a night of fruitful gambling (or eating your sorrows away if you lose).
This place had good food...but served 5 different varieties of Shark Fin soup.  'Nuf said.
This was the first chinese restaurant I came to when I moved to Las Vegas 13 years ago.  It is where I would take out after getting off of work late at night, or after a late night of anything.  Is it the best Chinese food in Vegas?  Nope, but I give it 4 stars for consistently satisfying my hunger and cravings.
We went for lunch after a hike at Red Rock.  We both got a lunch special which comes with a curry wonton, egg roll, rice and egg drop soup.  I ordered the salt and pepper shrimp.  These were whole large shrimp cooked shell and head on.  I didn't taste much pepper, more of a salt and garlic shrimp.  They were hot and sauteed with jalepenos.  He got the Kung pao chicken and had a taste.  It wasn't that spicy, though the veggies were very fresh.  The sauce was really sweet to me though.  The pork fried rice was okay, had nice big chunks of pork in it.  

This was a nice change than restaurants off the strip.  The service was really good and prices were great for lunch.
Excellent Chinese food - real Chinese food!!  

We ordered the house soup - which turns out to be free!  I like free soup!  Pork bones soup.  Delicious.

There was a special on flounder so we decided to try it steamed with soya sauce and Chinese wine and ginger, garlic and green onion for $19.95.  Such delicate taste.  

The other dish to die for is the Rosy Duck - 1/2 order - skin so crispy and the meat so tender.  

We also ordered the braised tofu and black mushrooms with choy sum.   Good dish.

Also, Chinese brocolli or kai lan with garlic - very green and fresh with loads of garlic!  

Free Chinese dessert of the day was red bean soup.  Very well done.
5 stars not just for being open until 3am but for providing consistently great food until the wee hours of the night.  I used to come here a lot more (when I had a well-employed boyfriend who always paid!).  Since it's been frugal times around these parts I've been going out to eat a lot less.  This weekend we had a late night out and forgot to eat dinner, I suggested this place because I remembered the hours and how good the food was.  So we rolled in at about 1am, no problem getting a table!  The service was great and the food was as yummy as I remembered.  The menu is huge so you can have more traditional REAL Chinese food and Americanized versions, too.  And the kill tanks are pristine!
Far and away the best Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas. I'm fairly contrarian if you've read my reviews, but I agree here. I'd give it 5 stars, but it's not the old Say Eng Look in New York's Chinatown, which was the best ever for me.
I love it. Really Quality food with excellent service all served up with a smile. Seriously, awesome staff and particularly fresh items from this place. I've heard so many awesome things and it did not disappoint. 

Scallops, "street noodles" and one of my favorites - garlic baby bok Choy... Even the house soup of the day.. Simple, and delicious. So awesome. I'll be back :)

It's open very late and you will be happy you went if you are fan of Chinese/Asian flavors.
Definitely love the half price lobster when they had the special. I ordered the lobster with thai chili sauce and it was to die for. I ordered the lobster fried with xo sauce before and it wasn't as good as the thai chili style. Honey walnut prawns were the best. Fried sea bass was fresh too. baby bok choi with garlic was a little greasy but perfect. Word of advice, take a chinese friend with you who knows how to order cuz the experience will b 10,000 times better.
This was our second time coming here, and we enjoyed it just as much as the first time.  We actually came specifically for the salt and pepper fried tofu with garlic, which was amazing!  The pieces of tofu are perfectly deep fried, but not oily, and the tofu inside is so soft.  We also had garlic gai lan (Chinese dark green vegetable) and a sizzling platter with beef and onion.  The food was all excellent.  I wish we had the lobster/crab special, but we were on a budget.

The service is just OK, but typical of a Chinese restaurant.  This place was named best Las Vegas Chinese restaurant in 2010.
We ended up here at 2 in the morning and the food was amazingg! I had the sizzling chicken/veggie platter and some crispy salt & pepper pork spare ribs. I drank a crap ton of that jasmine tea, I guess I was dehydrated or something, I wonder why lol. 

It was a perfect way to end a dizzying night on the strip.
Having lost my shirt at the roulette table only a few minutes earlier, my friends and I decided that we need some good old comfort Chinese food.  Hubby pulled out his new phone and found this place.  We hopped into our rental van and away we went.

It was about 9:30 when we strolled in - understandably, the place was deserted.  They tried to seat us directly in front of the entrance but were quite accommodating when we asked for a table more out of the way.  

Prices are higher here, compared to your typical Chinese/HK style seafood restaurant.  Portions are skimpy...but the food sure tasted delicious!  

We ordered 6 dishes plus a 1.5 order of the fish maw and crab meat soup which worked out perfectly for all of us.  
Scallop w/ Snow Pea - taste was good but the scallops were scarce
Salt/Pepper Pork Chops - good tasty, not-as-greasy version
Salt/Pepper Flounder Filets - great batter, very light and airy...a big hit with our table
Clay Pot shrimp pasted-stuffed tofu with eggplant - again, it worked out to 6 pieces of tofu and 5 pieces of eggplant.  but I could eat the sauce for days.
Chinese broccoli sauteed in garlic - some of you know that Chinese broccoli can be old and tough.  But this dish used greens which turned out to be very tender and perfectly seasoned
Clams in black bean sauce - probably the least remarkable of the dishes.  A number of the clams were cracked (did they drop them from high above into the wok???) and the sauce could have used a few more black beans.

Service was attentive, possibly because there were only 2-3 tables occupied by the time things got rolling for us.  The bus boy was on top of the tea and rice and our dishes came out long before our stomachs started roiling from hunger.

This was a great meal and helped to drive away the sting of losing at roulette...as well as the cold weather outside.
This is definitely the best Chinese in town. It has become part of our Christmas Eve tradition (Chinese and A Christmas Story), but I would eat it anytime. Our must haves are:

Salt and Pepper Pork Chops - SO delicious! Small pieces of pork that are breaded and fried. They are served with some salt and peppers for just the nicest hint of spice. Seriously you must try these!

Beef Chow Fun w/ Soy Sauce - Nice thick noodles in a savory brown sauce. The most perfect Chinese noodle dish.

We also enjoy the sesame chicken (although not the best I have had), Mongolian beef, and the sauteed sliced chicken with cashew nuts. Definitely some great food, although they have shark fin soup on the menu which really irks me, tisk tisk Joyful House. Such a deplorable practice (stepping off soap box). Other than that, the food is delicious and worth a trip next time you find yourself in Chinatown.
Used to go to Joyful House for the oysters in black bean sauce which was wonderful. Went tonight and yesterday and they did not. have my oysters. The restaurant is behind the times. No brown rice, you have to say "no msg"... Get with the program. Seafood is pricy and mediocre. If you are going to charge the same amount as Jasmin in the Bellagio, then bring on the waterworks show and delicious food. I'm not going back there. Money is not the issue--the quality has gone down.  I am merely recommending Jasmine as an alternate spot.
The food was very good (my wife and I chose Family Dinner B) and the service was great.  I especially like the Hot & Sour soup, which is not easy to get right.  This was both heat enough and sour enough.  It makes it even better that they're open until 3AM.  I'll definitely be back for more!!!
kind of expensive and not the best... expected more from a place where the other restaurants are soo good...
Authentic! Huge Menu Selections! Great for vegetarians since they have a huge selection of veggies. But also fabulous for the carnivores since they carry from all sorts of seafood, shark fin, big no-no to all sorts of land animals.

Try any of the Ducks

 Late night they have the all you can eat hotpot. You pick your meats and veggies and cook it at your table in a rich clear broth $15.95.
The past few times I have visited Vegas, I have been in search of a damn good Chinese restaurant.  The mister was craving some Chinese food, so we busted out Yelp on his iPhone and Joyful House was highly recommended.  Per some suggestions made by other Yelpers, I ordered the pan fired spinach in garlic sauce, the sauteed shrimp in sweet and sour sauce, e-fu noodles, and 1/2 order of peking duck. 

The food was alright.  Nothing that kicked my socks off.  The peking duck was dry and slightly rubbery.  Also, they didn't even serve it with the bao bread or those puffy chips.  I liked the e-fu noodles, but it was a tad bit salty.  The shrimp was average and the spinach is something I could've cooked, so it wasn't special to me.  

If this place is the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas, then I am afraid to try the other places.  Perhaps I have higher expectations since I have tasted great Chinese food back in Cali like in Chinatown, Monterrey Park, Alhambra, Rowland Heights, etc. I won't give up, the next time I am in Vegas, I will try another place and see how it is.
Good food and fast service! The best part is that they're open late!
I hate posting mediocre reviews but it's hard for me to rave about this place. I went last night with my husband at around 1AM. We were the only people there, which is odd to see anywhere in Vegas but my husband used to come here years ago so we figured to give it a try.

We ordered  honey walnut shrimp, it was really salty but pretty good. 

The XO Green beans were amazing, I could have  had that alone. 

We also tried the crispy pan fried combo. It was TERRIBLE. The beef and chicken were gray and rubbery. It was completely inedible. The noodles were soggy and not crispy. Thumbs down there. 

Overall, I would go back because of the countless 5 star reviews.  Maybe we caught them on a bad night,
I really wanted to love this place. Sadly, I did not.

I met up my cousin there and we ordered the Green Beans with spicy XO sauce and Beef and Broccoli (cliche, I know). My cousin ordered the beef and broccoli because she didn't know what else to get. I ordered the green beans because they were seemingly vegetarian. Not even a minute after sitting down, the server approached me and asked if we knew what to order. Calm down lady! I just got here! After I told her I wasn't, I didn't see her for 20 minutes. I hate when that happens. I asked the server if the green beans were vegetarian and she confirmed. I asked if I could add tofu and she said I couldn't. Bummer, but not a deal breaker. 

The dishes arrive and the first thing my cousin mentions is how slimy the beef was in her dish. I didn't taste them, but I could see the slime gleaming from the beef. Gross. I didn't mind my green beans until I got a tiny piece of fish. After that, I still kept eating. I ate some more and found 2 pieces of pork. What the hell is this?! Under no circumstances should this be acceptable. This is a sign of an unsanitary restaurant.  I immediately stopped eating. I still paid and tipped as usually. I don't know why I still didn't make a big deal out of this experience. Well I sure as hell did once my stomach started to churn about 10 minutes after leaving. I spoke to a family member who said that her Chinese friend told her that even if a Chinese restaurant says that a dish is vegetarian, chances are that they're still cooked in lard. The only exception is if the restaurant specializes in vegetarian/vegan food. This made me remember why I originally became a vegetarian, believe it or not. My body does not do well with meat or seafood.
By far the BEST chinese food in Vegas! I love everything and everything on the menu. Two dishes that could eat eVery single day never get tired of it. Salt and pepper pork chops/ green beans with xo sauce. The salt and pepper pork chops are no words describe except need too try it. It crispy on the outside with prefect light crispy type batter, the inside is spot on moist, and the flavor there sooo much depth. U bite into crispy outside crust then hit moist spot on cook pork chop and combine it with salt/pepper flavors. Divine. The string beans with xo sauce can say EXACT same thing feel eat it. The greens beans nice green, fresh, spot on cook bean that snap into them, and the sauce that the key nice spicy but not too much. I also like their mongolian beef, and any of noodle dishes are excellent! 

The waitress sometimes hit or miss keeping up with your drinks being filled. Overall never had problem with the waitstaff.
People, I have finally found an amazing Chinese joint here in Vegas!  Who would have thought that it was going to be in Chinatown on Spring Mountain! LOL. This place got great reviews from my Elite friend, Jessica P.  Here's what we got:

Beef Chow Fun in Soy Sauce for $9.95.  Really flavorful, love the chow fun noodles, super soft with green onions.

Crispy Salt and Pepper Pork Chops for $10.95.  They said it was hot but it's not as hot as I thought.  There were jalapenos and red peppers.  This was AH-MAZE-ING.  The pork chops were perfectly cooked, batter was crispy and nice marbelized ratio.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT DISH.  

General Chow Chicken for $10.95.  Lots of flavor, great batter, included carrots and peas.  The sauce was a little too salty for me but if you like oyster, soy and other sauces combined, get this dish.

Crispy Fried Lemon Chicken for $10.95.  People, I have FINALLY found the perfect lemon chicken dish in Vegas.  The chicken was crispy, the lemon sauce was perfectly made and this dish made my meal!  

Crispy Fried Dungeness Crab with Salt and Pepper for MKT PRICE.  PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT YOU CONFIRM THEIR PRICE.  We kept asking the server the price and it sounds like she was saying $6.95 and we kept asking her, however it turned out to be $16.95 and threw us for a loop when the check came.  I did like how they brought out the live crab in a bucket before cooking it.  It was juicy, crispy and perfectly flavored.   

The place has a lot of stuff going on.  To me, the typical Chinese restaurant, full of Chiness decor and statues.  Round tables, only thing missing is a lazy Susan LOL.  They even ask if you want an ocean view seat, which is in front of a big fish tank.  The staff is on it.  They always refilled our drinks when the glass was 75% full.  I think that our little misunderstanding of the crab price was the only thing that I did not enjoy.  The staff kinda got a little impatient with us but other than that, I WILL BE BACK!
Phenomenal Chinese food.  The green beans with XO was probably the best dish.  The salt and pepper crispy pork and duck appetizer were also very good.  The beef chow fun noodles were acceptable but I have had better.  Overall one of the Chinese places in Vegas.
Great food. Wonderful find.
I was pleasantly surprised with this place. I took the recommendation from yelp. My friends and I came here recently and really enjoyed dinner. We're all Asian and we've been to numerous Chinese restaurants in San Francisco, Orange County, Los Angeles, New York, etc. and this place wasn't too bad at all. Prices were really reasonable and the servers were all friendly. Absolutely no complaints here. We will be back. Great job...joyful time!
Went here for my sisters graduation because we were all craving Chinese food. One of my sisters friends insisted this place was good so we went. We ordered 3 orders of Honey Walnut Shrimp and that thing disappeared in a heart beat. The food was really good and the service and pricing were just okay. Go here if you are craving good Chinese food. I recommend it!
Yelp Challenge 365 # 177/365

Seafood at its best!!!! I would never have found this place if not for Rod U who kindly directed me to several places in the great city of Las Vegas.

Unfortunately, there were no spot prawns when we dined but chose crab and shrimp in a basket with garlic and vegetables... we were there for lunch so it was just the right amount= not to heavy and enough to satisfy our appetite. Noodle dish? Cake noodle topped with more seafood and a side dish of green beans (lots of chili pepper with it too !)

The food was excellent by taste and the service as excellent. Oh, parking was plentiful compared to other restaurants and shops in the Vegas Chinatown district. 

A definite stop if you're into seafood, chinese style!
Ooooh, yeah. We had a hard time choosing dishes to order because everything sounded good! They brought out the food really fast. We ended up getting 4 dishes for 3 people and thought we would have leftovers. Nope. Cleaned every plate. They also gave us the baby tapioca for dessert. We also ordered a red bean shaved ice. It was a little too sweet, so we just diluted with water. Satisfied my craving for chinese food. Their food hits the spot!
Purpose of visit: late night dinner after watching the pacqiano fight. He was so robbed by the way. We decided to head to Chinatown for some Kate night Cantonese food. Joyful house is open late. We ordered salt and pepper shrimp with the skin on. A must try the shrimp were fried enough to make the skin crisp and you old eat it in one bite. Fantastic flavor. Salted fish in clay pot was a also a good choice. The tofu was tender and the fish slightly tender. The chicken and black bean sauce was good but was probably the weakest dish that we ordered from a flavor perspective. Not a spicy as they say it is. We also ordered fried Singaporean style noodles with seafood. Noodles were slightly crispy and the fish topping very tasty. Excellent place for quick, reasonable late night dinner. Decor is to be expected uninspiring and rather dated but you don't go there for the people or the atmosphere but for the food.
On a recent trip my boys and I had a "ChinAtkinese" diet here at Joyful House.

We ordered the salt and pepper pork chops, honey walnut shrimp, and sizzlin beef in satay sauce. 

My favorite dish was the Honey Walnut Shrimp.  I was delighted to see more shrimp than almonds; however, the dish was small in size overall.  The sweetness originated from the honey (of course), a dash of sugar or brown sugar, and a hint of coconut milk.

The pepper pork chops were tender with a small spicy kick to it.  The sizzlin beef was okay.

Even though the plates were small we were actually satisfied but not totally full.  

The service was Americanized compared to a typical Chinese restaurant.  Everyone working was fluent in English.  Our food was delivered fast as well.
Our crew needed some eats after the Hoover Dam tour so we decided to check out what Joyful House had to offer.  After looking at the expansive menu we decided on three dishes.  We ordered the salt and pepper pork chops, honey walnut shrimp, and sizzlin beef.

The honey shrimp was ok, my friend makes it better, maybe because she drizzles it with the sauce.  The same goes with the sizzlin beef, nothing to oh ah after.  This was recommended by our server.  It was tasty but nothing orgasmic.

My favorite were the chops, as they were juicy and tender!  It was seasoned and cooked perfectly for my taste buds.

Serving size were small as we ended up going to In-N-Out a few hours later.  Service was excellent and our food came out rather quick, like within 10 minutes from placing our order.
love it! the biggest and freshest Live Seafood Seclection. the Peking Duck was awsome. Steam Giant Oyster with Black Beans Sauce will be one of my favorite! must try!
This place is OK. The portions are tiny for the price and it's more Americanized than the other restaurants in town.
Luckily, the place is decent sized with many tables, so although it gets busy, you won't normally wait too long to be seated. 

Tea is a given to be served straightaway, but water isn't. But suppose it won't kill anyone to have to ask. 

We ordered: Wor Wonton Soup, Chicken Chop Suey, Honey Roasted Walnut Shrimp, Beef Chow Fun, and  Fried Flounder

Wor Wonton Soup is always good to me. Has everything I like in it from various vegetables to meat to squid. Yes.

Chicken Chop Suey was average. Not bad, but nothing special.

The Honey Roasted Walnut Shrimp never goes wrong. Ever.

I normally really like the Beef Chow Fun here, but I remember it was pretty salty this past time. They could work better on controlling their salt actually on other dishes as well.

I was a little disappointed with the Flounder. It's one of my favourite dishes, but it was my first time trying it here. Like the Chicken Chop Suey, it was good, but not as good as I had hoped.


Overall, I have eaten here a lot with my family. There are ups and downs, but nothing has happened that would stop me from coming back.
We came here for my grandmother's birthday dinner and this was fantastic Chinese restaurant! We ordered at least ten dishes and they were all very delicious and authentic. The only complaint I have was that the beef slices were too tough, but other than that everything else - fish, vegetables, seafood, etc - was great. They even served us complimentary dessert! I would definitely recommend this Chinese restaurant to authentic folks!
I came here the other night because we needed a good Chinese fix while in Vegas. Let me just say, this is one of the best Chinese seafood restaurants I've tried so far, and I've tried a lot!

I love that the tables are wide apart and not squished together. There's plenty of space to walk in and you don't have to suck yourself in to move in between seats. The decoration is not shabby, but not good. The place is very clean though. 

I ordered the Sizzling Rice Soup, Tofu and Eggplant stuffed with Shrimp Paste, Fried Tofu with S/P, Honey Walnut Shrimp, and Half a Chicken W/ Ginger Sauce.

The Sizzling Rice Soup tasted of MSG, but I haven't tasted one seafood restaurant that doesn't make it taste like MSG. But the sizzling rice was greeeat, and the seafood was very, very fresh. The Tofu and Eggplant stuffed with shrimp paste was deliciouuus. I eat this all the time and this is one of the best places I have ever tasted it at. The stuffing is great, it's packed with flavor and the eggplant and tofu were soft but not falling apart. The Honey Walnut Shrimp.. Mmmm, delicious. My favorite dish there. I love that they don't go heavy on the mayonnaise and they keep the dish light and flavorful. The shrimp is super crunchy, unlike many places. The chicken was great. It was a little bit dry but I loved the flavor they got into the chicken, and that was without the ginger sauce! The Fried Tofu was good too! The skin was very thin but super crunchy and the whole tofu kind of just melts in your mouth. Although this isn't a dish, I just have to compliment it.. We asked for fresh chili and they give us chili, with soy sauce, and fried garlic. I don't know what else they put in it, but it was delicious.. Wow, so great! 

Service was quick, everything was brought to us in a blink of an eye! Loved that. They were friendly and informative. 

Prices are very steep here though, especially when you compare it to the portion of the dish. But the quality of the food here is superb, at least when I came. Everything was tender, fresh, juicy and delicious! I will definitely come back and try the Peking Duck.
Went to Joyful House with my friend on his recommendation. Found that Joyful House had a very comfortable atmosphere with a wait staff that was friendly and always waiting our request. We had ordered the Black Sea Bass, fried noodles, Honey Walnut Shrimp on a previous Yelp recommendation and Chicken in Black Bean Sauce. Honey Walnut Shrimp was quite honestly the best I've ever had. Fried Noodles were very good and the Black Sea Bass was good too. I've had better Sea Bass, but it was good. I just prefer my Sea Bass too be a slight bit on the sweet side in the preparation. The Chicken in Black Bean Sauce was tasty too. But back to the Honey Walnut Shrimp, that dish was the highlight of the night! Very happy and will return to Joyful House in the future!
My friends and I were craving for good authentic Chinese foods after few days of American foods around Vegas areas. I mean real Chinese foods. So I decide to search the Yelp and find Joyful House Chinese restaurant. Am I lucky? The food and service are excellent and no doubt to recommend this place.

My friends and I ordered a steam red big eye fish. The fish is made just right. If you know how to make a traditional Chinese steam fish, you know it is important to have good quality of fish, have to be fresh, and also the timing to steam the fish has to be just right, not too long or too short. We also have the coral shrimp, those shrimps are fresh and  tastes sweet. We also tried the lobster as well - I mean those over 4 lbs lobster. The lobster meat is fresh and tastes very good, can't get it from somewhere else. 

Another dish that we ordered is black bean sauce clams, it is amazingly good. They are juicy, tender and "big" as a clam. I never taste such a clam before. As Chinese, we got to order a dish of vegetable - garlic baby bean sprout (the leafy ones.)

As far as the space, as other described, they are spacious and sit comfortably for a big group. Very clean place. Decoration is ok.

The service is excellent. The waiter and waitress all are friendly and answer all our questions. The food is served promptly. They even serve complimentary dessert as well.

If you are looking for Chinese foods and wants to get away from the Stripe. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Tried this place because of Yelp reviews. Totally disappointed. Other than the service - nothing else. No flavor at all! Those reviewers never had good Chinese cooking.
I tried Joyful House today with a friend because another friend has always told us that it is delicious.  It was pretty good.  We had the Steamed Tofu in Seared Soy Sauce and the Marinated Pork Chops.  The Steamed Tofu was just alright.  The tofu kind of lacked flavor.  The Marinated Pork Chops were really good though.  It was not amazing, but it was pretty good.  

I definitely will be checking this place out again to try other things.  They do have a happy hour from 11 am - 5 pm, and 10pm-3 am.  It is a little pricey.  The service was pretty good as the waiters were pretty attentive.
Staff was attentive. I can't judge too much yet on the first visit so I'll have to update this later. The first thing I noticed when coming in was that this is one of those restaurants that big Chinese families go to to have their huge family dinners. Just wanted to throw that out there.

Got the mandarin pork chops and steamed tofu. Won't be getting those again just cause it's not really my thing. But I can hardly use that to judge the restaurant overall.

I will definitely be back during happy hour to try the many other dishes :).

They've all been so nice so far.
Good Chinese seafood place in Vegas Chinatown that's open until 3am.  They have a late happy hour menu too, as well as a regular happy hour menu so it's a perfect place to go after late drinking or gambling.  The first thing you notice is the huge banner they have that says it's been named one of the top 50 restaurants in the US by CNN, which is pretty impressive actually.  Food is really good, I've ordered the Maine Lobster cooked Chinese style with ginger and onions, about $20 per pound (advertised half off) which was about 3 1/2 pounds.  Very tasty with the shell pre-cut so it was easy to get to the lobster meat.  I also had the clay pot clams with pork dish, which was about 95% clams and onions but very little pork.  Overall very good and I'd come back again. One thing, if you come after 2:30 am they won't let you sit so you have to get takeout.  Service is good and attentive too, which can be unusual in a Chinese restaurant.
We go to the Joyful House every time we are in Las Vegas. The prawns in spicy sweet and sour sauce are awesome! our grandsons love it too!
We went here from reading good yelp reviews.  I wasn't very impressed.  We went late at night so I don't know if that had anything to do with it but the flavors were just not there.  Very bland.
Joyful to eat here!  We had our mouth watering for the lobster with ginger & scallions but was told that they only had 5lb lobsters left, way too much for just two people dining. Well maybe we could have finished it (not)!  LOL
So we ordered the seafood claypot, combo H.K. Style pan fried noodles, and the garlic spinach.  Food was delicious will definitely come back when in Vegas.
This is one of the best Chinese restaurants in town. they are open pretty much all the time (I believe they close at 2am)  there stuff is always very friendly and on top of everything - well not literary :) - I would recommend their crispy noodles, Mongolian beef , fried rice... well everything is great. If you are going with a group their family menu offers you a lot of food for a good price- I would say 2 orders would feed 3 people easily.
Never thought I'd find a Chinese restuarant that is open until 3:00am. But then again we are in Vegas.

After some gambling and a bit of drinking, the wife and I were craving some off the strip, more afordable Chinese food (yes I lost some dough at the tables that night).
We enter here at about 12:30 am and obviously it is totally empty besides 1 other client. We are seated and start looking through the menu. 

The restaurant itself is pretty big. It has a lively atmosphere with 1 flatscreen TV. They have a decent selection of beer which was cool. We end up ordering the basics wich were Honey Walnut Prawns, Pan Fried Noodles with beef, and fried rice. Huge portions which was prefect since I was starving.

Eveything tasted great. No complaints from us whatsoever. No we were not drunk, so our taste buds were definitely not decieving us. The walnut prawns were addicting, and had to have a fork fight with the wife to grab the last one. She won.

Our waiter was great the entire time. Wich of course he should, being as it was empty.

I would love to comeback and try some of the other dishes.

So if your having a late night craving, or just a craving for for Chinese grub in general, don' hesitate to stop by this place.
Really good chinese. Fried rice was good. The duck was good and very meaty, not overly greasy. Good service. Good Chinese restaurant atmosphere.
Ordered 2 items:
- half roast duck
- clay pot sea bass with tofu

Flavor of food is just OK.  Not spectacular.
However service this evening was horrible.

We waited more than 30 min, before the waitress realized that we haven't got our food yet.  She actually may not have realized it if the busboy had not pointed it out to her.

Then she rushed in to the kitchen to check on our order and pushed our order.  The roast duck with rice came frst.

It's another 15 min +before the fish came.

So for sure will not come back to this place anymore ...
I love Chinese food and I heard that this restaurant serves good food. The place was clean and the server was friendly and attentive. I enjoyed their food and all I can say is their honey walnut shrimp, beef crispy noodles, beef and chinese brocolli was great but I didn't think their fried rice was that great. Their menus are kinda expensive but I just want to try it. Well see If I will come back to this place again...
There is a reason why they have award banners hanging outside.  It is just simply delicious.  Growing up our family went to Sam Woo BBQ all the time.  As I got older and busier I discovered this place.  WOW. It's great.  My friends and I come here and order a dish each and we share. This is a typical family style Chinese Restaurant.  I love everything that my friends and I have ever ordered here.  

The reason I gave it 5 stars is because they have good service and it's clean but still have that legitimate Chinese food.  I have never waited to get a table.  I recommend Salt and Pepper anything: from Pork Chops to Tofu, its all good.
Ate here once and I was instantly impressed with the atmosphere. The place is very clean. The staff was friendly, prompt and attentive. I had the General Tso's a.k.a Cho  Chicken. It was a portion for 2 but it made dinner for the next night easy. They could have eased up on the sauce a tiny bit (it was caked in it). The Won Soup was awesome. Overall, I will definitely eat here again but I will be trying something else to expand my horizons. BTW this place has a MASSIVE seafood menu for all you seafood eaters.
Delicious! We decided to go outside our comfort zone and got a chicken and Chinese sausage clay pot and it was to die for. We also got pan fried soy sauce noodles which were great and the Mongolian beef which was so-so but that's what I get for ordering a standard. Appetizers included moo shu pork (yum!) and hot and sour soup which was delish. Great service. Clean. Ill be back.
After eating here, I can understand why it's won so many local best Chinese restaurant awards.  
The high quality shows in everything I had, from the iced cappuccino, to appetizers, to the entrees.
The sizzling beef was tender.  The lemon chicken was excellent.  The chow mein was top notch, and that iced cappuccino had a very robust coffee flavor.  All of the food had very well balanced flavor, and was not overly salty.
This is the kind of place that's a quick drive from the strip, and I would be proud to take out of town visitors to.
Service was very attentive, and I look forward to coming back to Joyful House!
We went for Christmas eve dinner ( as Jews often do!) looking for a straight forward chinese food meal. Ordered standard fare, pot stickers, wonton soup, egg foo young, mongolian beef... the worst, brown gravy, cornstarchy, old oil tasting, salty, gooy , single note tasting chinese food I have had in years... if this wins all these banners for the best in las  vegas, they must have fed the LVRJ for free for years.
Yuck!
If you go to a Chinese restaurant to eat make sure you see at least 10 Chinese people eating not standing around watching TV.  If you don't see them run. One of Funniest things I ever heard in my life the owner or maybe not was talking to a couple next to our table saying I require my staff to speak English. Really?  I asked for a jack and coke what came to the table was regular coke. I asked the server what's up? He said we don't have that. I said take the coke away he gave to the couple sitting next to us.  Joyful house! Our shrimp in lobster sauce came out with canned mushrooms strange.  My wife Asian was laughing. She said check out your fork I think they used that one to fix the drain in the kitchen seems the forks and spoons have been there sense 1980's it wouldn't be so bad if the food was really fantastic. Costco has GREAT deals on quality table wear on MLK (TIP OF THE DAY) I asked the server what is in the dumplings he said chicken. I asked if they had shrimp of pork dumpling he said you can go up the street if you want that. OMG! I said we will try the dumplings how many do you get ?  He said 5 - I said r u sure the menu says 6. He said 5 only. Ok served 6.  Keep in mind we went in early before 5pm to check this place out. I was here 12 yrs ago and it was pretty good. How many signs do you need that say vote #1 in the 2011 RJ readers poll inside your restaurant? I think I counted 6 big ones and a CNN international one blocking the front door.  Don't believe everything u read. It's  Dec21st we are all still alive and the food is below average. RJ readers poll is rigged.  Look I have been to Asian restaurants around the world this place is NOT in the top 100.  Maybe the real employee's are on vacation?  Hmmmmm...
Finally a Chinese restaurant that is worth revisiting. Thanks Yelpers for the reviews on this one, most of you were spot on for this place. We kept it simple this visit to feel the place out.
-sweet and sour pork- perfect balance of flavors. The pork was not over coated and had a nice crisp
-Singapore noodles- thin rice noodles with a pleasant spice. Some shrimp, pork, beef with some veggies including Jalapeño. Very tasty
- pork fried rice- another excellent dish. 

Everything is family style so this is a great place for groups. There were only 2 of us so plenty of left overs. Definitely a return trip
Great service. The food was decent. But kinda expensive.
Ordered the roast duck from their lunch special (which included egg roll appetizer, corn soup, pork fried rice and soda) plus their combination pan fried noodles. The 2 dishes were not too shabby but I would say that I've had better. This restaurant is nice and clean inside so if you have guests from out of town or business lunch of some sort, this place will do.The service was surprisingly good. I'm asian so I know that asian restaurants care more about how good their food is than service but this one actually surprised me on the good side.
Apparently quality Chinese seafood restaurants are not that easy to find in Vegas.

Went two days in a row and had the live Dungeness crab both times.  Second time was particularly disappointing, with the crab meat having no texture and the garlic pork scallion sauce burnt to the point of excessive bitterness (and no ! it was not the 2.75 lbs they charged for); the fried squid appetizer was tough and tasteless as well.
The service was non existent and for dessert they actually served rotten watermelon -- they must be clueless.

The first occasion was better, but after going back its clear this place really doesn't care.
Always great Chinese food and excellent service. Let me be more specific... 

The shrimp wonton soup has great hong kong style flavor, the noodles are al dente, and the wontons are shrimpy and delicious. The server comes to the table to serve and portion the noodles and wonton for each person on the table (they keep it fair whenever possible). 

On another occasion, I came in with my mom and she noted how good and flavorful the white rice was. I don't really eat white rice much, but apparently it's a big deal to traditional Chinese folk. I think they think if the restaurant can't get the rice right, then what does that say about the rest of their food. 

Since moving out here, I miss my mom's soups/elixers and to get a taste of home, I like to order their house soup. This is on the menu but it's usually some traditional soup that Chinese families cook at home. Nothing like Egg drop, Westlake or Hot and Sour soup. It's usually a combination of chicken and pork broth based with herbs and vegetables. Generally it's good for your body or health, but it depends on which soup. 

It is a little pricier than some of the more casual Chines restaurants but it shows in the quality of ingredients.
Excellent Chinese food at decent prices.  I have come here a few times in the past years, but since I haven't been recently, I wanted to wait to review it with a fresh mind.

I think the average entree was about $10-11, with large sharing portions.  Everything was cooked well and it's one of the better Chinese restaurants in town IMO.  Here is a pic of everything we ordered :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/joyful-house-chinese-cuisine-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#GAN-B1GGaFvLw0tAS5zyuQ

We tried their salt and pepper shrimp (shells), which were cooked perfectly and had a great flavor.  One of the better ways I've had it.

Tried the salt and pepper pork since everyone was saying great things about it....it was also very good!  Nice crispy pieces of pork with a light breading around it.  It had lots of flavor and a little spice to back it up.

The half duck was good and flavorful.  I haven't had duck for a little while, so it really hit the spot.

We tried the garlic eggplant, which was good, but a little mushy for me.  The flavor was there, just not my favorite way to eat eggplant.

They are open very late, 3am every night, so this will really hit the spot for late night cravings!
This is definitely my go-to Chinese restaurant in town because it's family-style dining and they serve my favorite dishes. We're usually here with my parents because they love it as well and luckily, my mom has cravings often enough for me to have my fill. We normally order the same dishes when it's the four of us (my parents, Ruben, and myself): Salt & Pepper Calamari (BEST place to order it!), Chicken Chow Fun in Black Bean Sauce (not always consistently delicious, but I love these wide, flat, chewy noodles), Kung Pao Shrimp (my mom's favorite dish; I love picking out the peanuts hehe), Combination Fried Rice (I'm not a fan of their fried rice, but everyone else enjoys it), Chinese Broccoli, and Mapu Tofu (this time I ordered it without meat and it was still good). What a great meal. Honestly, I could come here for JUST the calamari. Very good.

Even with the mostly "just okay" service, the food keeps bringing us back. I also appreciate the generous pot of Jasmine rice and the fantastic prices!
This was a great experiance for sure. The dinner for two for $15.50 a person is well worth the money.  Great service, Great food, and a great atmospher.
Do you ever wake up in the middle of the night craving sweet and sour chicken? Well do I have a place for you! Yep, even at 2am you can get Chinese food in Vegas. We ordered a shit ton of food for only 4 of us so Ill just laundry list each item with a few thoughts. 

Wonton Soup (Cantonese style).. kind of blah and bland. I'd opt for the hot and sour instead which was exactly as its named. Perfect. 

Rosy Duck, crisp, duck fatty.. Came with plum sauce which tasted like industrial cleaner.

Salt and Pepper Pork Chop, bone-in thin pork chops deep friend and covered with fried garlic and chilies. This was a hit!

Boiled Chicken with Chives, pretty bland and the garlic ginger sauce was too oily masking most of the flavor.

Combination Pan Fried Noodles, generously covered with shrimp, beef and chicken the dish over all was super goopey and not very appetizing. Opt for Lo Mein next time.

Beef Chow Fun with black bean sauce was good. The beef was silky and tender while the noodles chewy and oily. This was another hit!

Service was pretty amazing (fast, efficient), well priced and portion sizes were huge. They also have a humongous menu plus fresh seafood on premises. For late night eats their selection is hard to beat!
Great food, great ambiance, even better service.

Food:
Sea Bass with Black Bean Sauce: The fish is perfectly cooked, melts in your mouth and the saltiness of the blackbean sauce was not overwhelming. It was perfect.
Filet Mignon with Portabella Mushroom: THE BEEF!!!! so tender... the sauce was not overbearing and filet went very well with the mushroom.
Eggplant and Tofu Hotpot: Tofu is FRIED! scorching hot eggplant and tofu swimming in savory sauce.. heavenly.
Steamed Chicken in Ginger and Scallion Sauce: Reminded me of Hainan chicken without the garlic rice but with chinese greens. 

The staff were attentive from the moment we sat down, and the lemon iced tea they recommended was so refreshing. I will definitely be back!
Yummy Food!!!! I would def go back!!!!
You know you're friends with real Asian people when Day 2 of the trip... you're all craving rice! 

We came in here before closing time... and thankfully they were able to accommodate our big group... I ended up just letting the ladies order... our side were mostly veggie oriented while the other table went meat crazy.

Friendly service... good tasty veggie food... price was decent as well.

My apologies that I can't say much... I was so out of it while eating... my mission was just to chew and swallow. Yep, I was that tired! Nonetheless, the ladies of the group all enjoyed this dinner so I'll definitely check it out again next time around.
This is probably the best Chinese restaurant in town. Highly recommended.
Yum! I'm not a huge lover of true Asian food - for example, my favorite Chinese food is served at Panda Express. Despite my best intentions, I typically balk at the stuff people actually eat in places like Vietnam and Taiwan. You can understand why I was a little leery of venturing to a Chinese place on Spring Mountain for dinner with my coworkers the other night, especially when it was recommended by the Taiwanese guy! I consulted with him and he assured me that 'americans' like myself would still be able to find something to eat at Joyful House, so we decided to check it out. 

The restaurant is quite large and well-lit, with a bunch of (like 15) tanks for fresh seafood that you can see. It seemed like a pretty legit operation and my coworker was already conversing in mandarin (or something) with the friendly wait staff, so we knew we'd be treated to a wide variety of dishes.

Speaking of wide variety, everybody ordered a bunch of stuff and then my coworker spoke to the waiter and apparently ordered like 6 more dishes. Everything is family style, so we had waaaayyyy too much food, even for our large group of like 12. Here's a quick run down:

Garlic Baby Bok-Choy - loved it. Not bland like your usual veggie dishes. Highly recommend.
Mandarin pork chop - the favorite of several people at the table. Sweet and breaded, which is my fave.
Sizzling steak - just ok. We were pretty pumped after the sizzling presentation, but it wasn't anything special. Not spicy (despite the warning on the menu).
Clay pot scallops - served with rice noodles and really good.
Seafood dish - don't know what it was called, but I really liked it. It came with shrimp, crispy noodles, and some other stuff I can't remember. My 2nd fave.
Clay pot eggplant - good not great.
Pork fried rice - standard.
String beans with pork - good not great.
Appetizer soup - just the soup they serve to everybody, I guess - beef broth with nothing in it. It was as good as you can make beef broth, but the 1 year old LOVED it, so bonus for that.
Tapioca Dessert Soup - no thank you. If you're into tapioca, you might like it.
Lemon iced tea - really good! Sweetened, but not too sweet. I actually had two glasses, which I usually don't do.
 
Prices were kinda high - $15-20/meat dish, but everything was good, including the service.
 
Any time I have somebody in town craving a 'fancier' Chinese meal, we will definitely take them to Joyful House.
 
Bonus points for being open late (til like 3am)!
Unfortunately Yelp REALLY  let me down w/ this restaurant.  We had the seafood family dinner.  Seafood was fair, but not plentiful - more vegetables than anything else, and an overabundance of celery which we don't even like. :-(   Chow mein and fried rice were the greasiest, most unappetizing I have ever had.  Since I tend to lean toward eating healthier fare, I had wicked heartburn 10 min after leaving! UGH!!!  :-(.  If this is the best Chinese in LV, I feel sorry for the locals!
I went here on the recommendation of a friend in the restaurant industry...doubtful I would have ever found the place w/o that.

The facility is clean and bright with lots of seafood tanks for selecting fresh seafood.

The staff was friendly, efficient, and helpful.

For starters I had the Rosy Duck. The meat was tender and flavorful, and the skin was delightfully crisp. The plum sauce was pretty bad...another reviewer described it as "industrial cleaner"...which I'm sympathetic to. I'd definitely order this again...but will steer clear of the plum sauce. 

For mains, I had the "Salt and Pepper Pork Chops" which many reviewers raved about. The batter and spicing/seasoning of the pork was very well done. Quite crisp and a good balance of salt/heat/batter/fat. The pork itself was quite disappointing though...very stringy, low-quality cut of pork. I would have MUCH rather had 1/2 or even 1/4 of the quantity for a better quality of pork.

For dessert I had the chocolate Mochi Ice Cream. It was served far too cold. The ice cream was actually chewy....more than a little. If served a bit warmer, it would have been good i think...the chocolate flavor was decent, the pastry wrapper was nicely done...just the temp.

I think maybe I didn't order the dishes these guys do best...next time I'm going to have to try the fresh seafood. Also, the prices were quite reasonable. Appetizer, entree, dessert, and hot tea for $26 in Vegas..that's a pretty good deal.
After moving from the Rowland Heights area to Vegas, I was desperately in need of some yummy Chinese food.  The local Chinese restaurants in my neighborhood are awful!!!  Thank goodness I found this place.  I ordered the roast duck, Chinese broccoli, mandarin style pork chops, and salt & pepper shrimp.  The salt & pepper shrimp was awesome.  Probably one of the best shrimp dishes I've had.  The rest was ok.  It wasn't nearly as good as the Asian cuisine found back in Cali, but the best in Vegas so far.  I will gladly drive the half hour to eat there.  I took off one star because of the price.Thanks yelpers for this find.  :)
Will always be my favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas. The portions are giant. This is always my family's go-to place for get togethers or just to have family dinners. Nothing but good memories at this place every visit. My favorite's are the salt and pepper calamari and combination fried rice. I could eat that fried rice for a week straight without getting sick of it.
Wonderful find and I am going again soon.  If you are tired of Vegas Strip food, then go to China Town.
My wife and I are new in town and use Yelp as well as some friends input when looking for a particular kind of food. Such was the case in finding Joyful House. We arrived around 5:30 or so and were seated immediately.  Our server came over within 2-3 minutes to ask what we would like to drink and if we wanted water. The drinks and water were returned almost immediately as well as a hot pot of delicious tea. Our waiter was very helpful in choosing our dishes. However, the portions are way too large to be shared by just two people and should be considered food for four, especially is you plan on trying several dishes. We started with pot stickers and they were simply outstanding. We did not realize the dinner was served with a large bowl of steamed rice and ordered combination fried rice, which was excellent, but not necessary. Based on another review we tried the Walnut Prawns which were simply outstanding. We also had Sweet and Sour Pork as out second dish. Way too much food for two people so guess what we are having for lunch today. Next time we will wither go with four people or order a little less food. Initially, prices seemed high, but when we saw the amount of food it was well worth the price. We have started a folder of restaurants we have enjoyed and keep a copy of the menu in there for future reference. Needless to say Joyful House menu has been added. This is definitely a keeper!
Our foray into Chinatown - unbelievably the first in our 9-year history in Las Vegas - started out a bit rocky, but was quickly transformed into a wonderful dining experience.  After the initial kinks were knocked out, the food won out, as did some hands-on attention by Gary, the manager/(owner?).  I can understand why the guy sitting next to me on the plane last week heartily recommended Joyful House.

We started with Hot and Sour soup, at first dismayed by the price, but after hubby had four bowls (to my 2 1/2), the quantity and quality made up for it:  it's gotta be the best Hot and Sour in the Valley!

We shared a Chicken & Portobello Mushroom, also delicious, and also a String Bean with Minced Pork that would have been fabulous if I had only remembered to ask for "no extra salt."  Gary offered to remake the dish, but we kept it, since it was really good despite my anti-salt crusade.  

For us, the hallmark of a good restaurant is being made to feel welcomed and appreciated.  If not, it doesn't matter how good the food is.  Joyful House wins on both counts, and we look forward to returning soon.
Joyful House has the best Chinese food. We ventured off of the strip and into Chinatown and loved all of the menu options -- of which there are many. Anything you order is going to be amazing. They have shark fin options on the menu though, eek. 

We had hot and sour soup, completely delicious. At the server's rec, we ordered the pan fried sea bass and sweet and sour scallops. We also had crispy noodles with vegetables, seafood and chicken (I can't remember the name of the dish). 

The manager came and chatted with us for a bit, too. The service was excellent and the food was even better. We are definitely coming back next time we are in Vegas.
Been here a couple times but last week was the first in awhile. Figured it was time to write a review on this place now having visited it once again.
My mom loves this place. For this latest visit, it was a family affair. I don't know how weird this sounds. For I, upon walking into Joyful House, the ambiance feels like how I'm used to a chinese restaurant feeling like. I will admit the food is slightly pricier here. To be fair, the food is, for the most part, decent to very good. They do serve complimentary jasmine rice, which not every place would have. Jasmine is very fragrant and less starchy than say, a long grain calrose. It does cost more and better, at least I think so. Along with complimentary hot tea. Even though most chinese restaurants serve these 2 items complimentary, it is worth mentioning since I am aware some places charge for them.
Service overall has been ok. Everyone is very friendly and helpful. There seems to be a lag sometimes when it gets real busy to get something or having water or hot tea refilled. And believe me, this place does get busy! I give Joyful House a solid 3.5 stars.
After finish our hike from bottom of grand canyon to the south rim and the 5 hrs drive to las vegas, we were ravenous. 8 hungry asians quickly ordered and the first combo appetizer plate was cleared within 2 minutes. The cold combination plate had some hot items which was a bit odd but everything was delicious. Jelly fish strips were flavorful, the duck was not as juicy as I would like, but I was happy. Ham was yummy and the braised beef slices were ok.  

Then we had some stir fried greens (well cooked but pretty expected), the seafood claypot had a lot of seafood (shrimp, scallops, squid, etc), fish sauce eggplant clay pot had a lot of sauce that went well with rice. Beef chow fun was quite good and I don't normally like that stuff. the pepper and salt pork chops was good but had a lot breading. but i loved it regardless. we got another tofu dish with mushroom.. it was nice and light (be careful though - it burned the roof of my mouth).  Last dish we had was some kind of beef in sweet sauce which i didn't try.  

At the end of the meal, they brought us slices of watermelon and one in the group spoke cantonese so she got us an overflowing plate of watermelon --- on the house!  They even told her that if we ran out, we can ask for more. :)  yayyy for free watermelon. 

We were quite loud/excited after being starved for a week from camping and road tripping in the wilderness, but they were completely fine and service was good.
This is my mom and dad's favorite Chinese restaurant. The mixed fried rice is great, the chicken (any recipe really) is awesome and I absolutely love the soup.

The only problem I have for this place is that the servers can be a little pushy sometimes. Not every time, but the second to last time I went there, the dude was slightly rude...and there was like 5 other partys, with like 5 other servers...CALM DOWN.
Don't listen to the naysayers.  This place is as good as any A-List Chinese restaurant in greater Los Angeles.   Food was top rated. Service was superb. Atmosphere much better than average Chinese deco. NOT expensive. Go without fear
Nice clean Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. Large menu and entrees come in pretty large portions. My friend and I had the marinated fried chicken and beef chow fun and they were so tasty we finished all of our food. They don't charge for rice and tea either unlike some of the cheapo restaurants here in town. Most things on the menu are about the same price $9.95-11.95 is average for this place I'd say. But for the portions I don't think it's too bad. It was also quiet because it didn't get too packed while we were there. The employees are very friendly and food seems to come out fairly quickly. I look forward to coming back here in the future to try other dishes
Best Chinese food I had in Vegas so far. Would rather go here than the expensive restaurants in the Vegas strip.
And staff was very helpful!
I went to this place on a recommendation, we are from Green Valley and have struggled to find a chinese place we like.  The food was pretty good and portion sizes were huge.  I only gave it 3 stars because of the service.  Our waitress never came to check on us.  We would have to ask random employees for more water, salt & pepper (they were not on any table) and sugar for the tea.  When we requested sugar, the lady kind of scoffed at us.  They took our food away to put it in to-go containers, which I really don't feel comfortable with.  Then they refused to give us the steamed rice in our to-go container; however, they came and swooped it off the table.  Leading me to wonder where is that rice going?  I would probably eat here again, but it did not end my quest for the best chinese place in Vegas.
OUTSTANDING seafood.

"That was really good.  What was it?" asks my Midwest white friend

"Spicy jellyfish with bean curd" is my straight face response.

"Huh?  So what is this?" he stupidly continues.

"Um, sea cucumber with abalone"; again straight faced.

"What?!?" With great exasperation in his voice.

"And this is Santa Barbra Spot Prawns with their egg clutch, deep fried crab with fermented black beans, steamed live fish with ginger onion, and the soup was made from tiger shark fin".

"I think I'm going to be sick" is all he can say.  Sorry I can't help but to explode in laughter.

Joyful House is a Cantonese seafood restaurant for the initiated.  I'm not sure if I should even write this review.  It's one of those places that long time Asian Vegas locals cherish.  Yes its won the "Best of Vegas" from the Review Journal but that barely speaks to it's hidden greatness.

So maybe they need to get to know you before they reveal their secrets, persist.  For example, you MUST ask for their spot prawns with the eggs.  Yes, they are now $12 each but they are worth every penny.  Eggs exploding in your mouth with the essence of fresh shrimp.

The spicy jellyfish was excellent.  Clean oceanic flavor accented by sesame and chili oil, and a touch of soy.  The sea cucumber with abalone, a tender sweet explosion of sea flavor.

Don't hate me but this is one of the few places that still uses real shark fin.  While I deplore fining and think it's inhumane, I couldn't resist.  It's been 12 years since I had the real thing.  Add a jigger of Remy XO, perfect.

This is not your typical Cantonese restaurant.  Yes, if you choose, they make great Americanized favorites (beef broccoli. shrimp fried rice, "Peeking duck", lemon chicken, shrimp with honey walnuts) but ultimately only those in the know will experience it's greatness.

Shhhhh.  Not for everyone.
My husband and I were at a loss as to what to have for dinner this evening. So we both hopped on yelp and found THIS restaurant. Upon walking in I noticed how clean everything was, and I liked the way the tables were set up. We first ordered egg drop soup with mushrooms, I can honestly say that it was the best egg drop soup I've had in a very long time. It was perfectly seasoned, perfect consistency. Only SMALL issue I had, was I wished there was more egg, other than that it was absolutely delicious. I ordered sweet and sour pork and my husband ordered sautéed chicken with Portobello mushrooms in a black pepper sauce. The sweet and sour pork was fairly generic, but it was awesome. The pork was still crunchy even with the sauce on top, the onions and bell peppers were sautéed to perfection. An absolute great dish. My husbands chicken dish was off the chain, the mushrooms were in big chunks so you REALLY got a good taste of them, the chicken was tender and flavorful and the pepper sauce was perfect. I expected the pepper sauce to be too spicy (I don't handle spice very well) but it was great! It had a good pepper flavor, but it wasn't over powering or too spicy. A freaking epic dish. The service, for a Chinese restaurant, was actually really good. Our waiters were very attentive.
I would totally recommend this place, great food and great service.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!!!
Got to try this place finally for the first time. Heard good things abut them so coming here was a no brainer.

I gotta give them props for their menu. It looks like they put a lot of thought and detail into it. For example, if you were craving a certain item like soup, bam! All the soups they have are all in one section. This applies to all others like noodles, seafood, etc. We ordered Salt n Pepper Calamari, Salt n Pepper Porkchops, and Honey Walnut Shrimp. 

The Honey Walnut Shrimp was decent, but to me it seemed to lack a bit of sauce to it. When we got the plate, it already looked like somebody ate some shrimp off of it. If you refer to my picture, you can see that they don't give you much shrimp to begin with. The best Honey Walnut Shrimp I ever had was at Panda Inn in the city of La Palma, Ca. 

Both the Salt n Pepper Porkchops and Salt n Pepper Calamari was very good. The only thing lacking I thought was some kind of sauce to dip it in. There was soy sauce on the table but that will only add to the saltiness of the two entrees. I was thinking sweet n sour sauce would be perfect to dip it in. 

Service was very good. They took our order and processed it right away. We got our food in no time. Refills were constant and im glad because of the salt content we ordered which was good with the steamed rice we ate it with.

The main negative thing that stood out for me was the prices. With all the three items we ordered plus tax it came out to 41 dollars and that's without any drinks (we had water which was good because it was filtered and not tap water). I thought the food was good but 15 bucks a pop for the Honey Walnut Shrimp and the Salt n Pepper Porkchops is bit much. Even the appetizer Salt n Pepper Calamari was 8.99. 

All in all I thought it was an ok experience based off of the negatives and positives that balanced each other out. All I know is be prepared to spend a lot of money if you are paying for a party of 4 or more.

P.S. They don't give out fortune cookies when you get your check and its a 20 dollar minimum to use debit/credit.
We got "Family Dinner B". 

It was quite possibly the tastiest Chinese food  I have ever had.

I'm pretty sure there is some MSG in there. But, really, what is chinese food sans MSG?
A Very Solid Above Average Chinese Restaurant for Sure!

I wish I had more time in town to try the Abalone or Geoduck , Braised Tofu with Bamboo Fungus and bunches of other things I never had before.

I tried the vegetable rolls and being honest they were very average but we wanted something vegetable with the dish we shared.

I was very impressed with the Crispy Fried Whole Fish (Flounder) with Spicy Tofu and Beef. The sauce it was in just hits all the right places in your mouth. You get a slight amount of sweet and you also get a little sour from a pickled vegetable. You get SPICE I'd say about a 6.5 on a Thai Food Scale and you get deliciousness from garlic ginger and other ingredients. The beef just adds a little body to the sauce. The fish was very sweet and fresh tasting and very moist. It's very large and enough for two people to share at lunch time but for dinner I think one person can handle it because the fish is very flat so it's not as much food as it looks. They use plain silken tofu with the dish and it's just in the sauce on top of the fish. It's a little difficult to eat with the one fork but it really is extremely tasty and worth it.

They feature dishes made with a variety of live fish from tanks.

Joyful House Chinese Makes Joyful Meals!

A new favorite

4.5 stars
Service is always good. Get the following:

1. Peking the duck
2. Honey, you like walnut shrimp?
3. Garrick n peppa powkchop 

... Portions are huge so bring your friends and your fam.. & me! But you're treatin! 

Why 5th star? Cause they don't have sriracha! I mean, c'mon, isn't sriracha Chinese hot sauce?
The salt and pepper shrimp was fantastic. I didn't have the opportunity to try the calamari but if its anything like the shrimp, it's probably just as fantastic. My husband had the chicken chow fun with black bean sauce and that was ok. He said he would not order it again because it lacked the smoky flavor that other Chinese restaurants have in their chow fun. The Chinese broccoli was a little aged so some of it was stringy and towards the end there were a few pieces that were gritty.  I would definitely come back here for the salt and pepper anything.
We have dinner here all the time and love eating here. The food is usually great, and if there are problems they are very efficient on fixing the dish. I would suggest the seafood chow fun with black bean sauce.
The best tea in the world!
Attentive, Clean, friendly, decently priced and accurate with our order. Nice atmosphere.

Unfortunately I Wasn't impressed with the food. The salty pepper pork chops were not as crispy as I would like them to be and the flavoring a were all toppings not cooking into the batter. 

The seafood sizzling soup was awful. No flavor in the soup. No sizzle in the block of rice the put in before it actually got to the table. There was mushy fish and a few tiny tiny shrimp with no flavor either.

I thought I would try it because it had good ratings but maybe what I ordered wasn't the favorites of my fellow yelpers.
This place is not be well-rounded when it comes to food, but I still like it. Their service is always friendly and attentive. The restaurant is also clean. It's hard to find those in a Chinese restaurant. 

My favorite is the Mongolian beef. The meat is very, very tender. The plate is colorful. It looks like it came out of a Samsung TV. I usually like my Mongolian beef spicier, but theirs has lots of flavor so it's fine. The portions are just right too, for the price. Their rice is always free so you have to take that into account if you think they're too expensive. Then there's the lemon chicken. It's very crunchy, and the sauce is not as tiring. It's not made up of mushed up meat so it's real chicken. 

I can't say everything in their menu is great, but they always get my favorites on point. You really have to come here for those specific dish they get right. Overall the experience I get is always awesome here. They're open late. Love that.
Excellent - family owned, Gary treated us as family. All the food we ordered was great, but the clams in black bean with ginger was to die for. Definitely going to come back! Also had the seafood clay pot and wonton soup with noodles both were recommendable - a must try place!!
Overall the ambience is very nice (I may feel uncomfortable wearing a t-shirt.) 
Our group of 4 took some time to figure out what we wanted since the menu is extensive. You can get a dinner for around $10 if you a stick with a noodle dish or simpler stir fry or clay pot. You can also splurge on a Peking duck or their market price seafood up to $70/lb. I chose to go a little less expensive tonight. 
 
The eggplant tofu clay pot was delicious! It has a strange shrimp pate in the middle of the eggplant which was unnerving at first but I loved it.

The waiter was extremely helpful and nice.  On a Friday night at 630pm our food took only 10 minutes!

I would definitely recommend and will return!
Received a recommendation to restaurant. Ventured off the strip to have lunch. Ordered the salt and pepper prawns, garlic bok choy, and hot and spicy soup. Food was yummy and portions was good size. Would recommend if you're looking for Chinese food.
We went the three of us and each of us ordered different appetizers, entrees and desserts. EVERY dish was superb. Give this restaurant six stars, five stars are not enough.
Stumbled onto another Chinese place in Vegas, we wanted to try many things they have to offer, but we arrived late night.  The ambience was clean and classy like a traditional place.  They have enough for mid-size parties.

They did not seem to have any Late Night specials, just the regular menu.  We got some bean sauce oysters, the flavors were good and oysters were fresh.  BBQ Platter was ok probably due to being late at night, they got the essential components, the meats were reheated, but the cold dishes in the center tasted good.  The House Pan Fried Noodles was good.

Joyful House provided a somewhat joyful experience for us late at night, although not everything was perfect, but the place seems promising.  The AYCE Chinese hotpot sounds exciting, so until next time.
Came here for a wedding reception. DELICIOUS. Really indulged here. Had all kinds of good food. Peking duck, walnut shrimp, delicious spring rolls, delicious fish. The fish was to die for, you better bet I tore that shit apart.

Too bad I live in San Diego or I would come here more often.
Since my wife and I moved to Las Vegas (this year), we have been looking for Chinese delivery as good as what we were used to getting in Los Angeles.  Joyful House the best we have found yet.  It is not delivery, but the takeout service was quick and attentive.

Appetizers - the Crab Rangoon and Potstickers were good.  The Crispy Fried Prawns were a bit thick on the breading, but the prawns themselves were flavorful.

Main dishes - The Beef Tenderloin Mignon With Onion really was filet mignon, so far as I could tell.  Very tender and flavorful, and they didn't skimp on the beef.  The Sweet and Sour Pork was also flavorful, with only a hint of toughness; and the sauce did not drown out the flavor of the pork.  The soft Pan Fried Noodles With Chicken was also well-prepared, with small but tender chunks of chicken breast.

The prices were a little more than what we are used to, which is odd because coming from Los Angeles almost everything is much cheaper in Las Vegas.  While we have not quite given up on trying some other places, we would be entirely satisfied to stick with Joyful House as our "go to" Chinese food in Las Vegas.
So far this is my favorite Chinese restaurant.  It is consistent. Everything tastes good. I always order the salt and pepper shrimp and beef chow fun. When I crave Chinese this is my go to.
I always get the peking duck and deep fried sea bass those two dishes are very good..everything else is what you expect just a little pricey..
Wasn't impressed with their Honey Walnut Shrimp. But their deep fried King Crab was delicious! Garlic fried Tofu was tasteful.
The only reason I didn't give Joyful another star is because they use dark meat chicken which I don't eat and they don't offer white meat at all :( 

Service - on point.  

Hot and Sour Soup - plentiful, flavorful and filling.  Made with mushrooms, tofu, dark seaweed, egg and more.  

Sautéed Shrimp with Sweet and Sour Sauce - delicious if you like onions.  

Decor - doesn't feel  like Vegas, more like a family owned (which I think it is) restaurant in a middle class neighborhood. Live lobster tank @ MP. 

This is definitely my new go-to for Chinese in Vegas, when I don't want chicken.  Ive lived here for 5 years and only ate Panda Express for lack of anything better.
This is usually my fav Chinese spot to eat at in Vegas but today the food was just sooooo oily. I ordered chicken chow mein and sweet n sour chicken both seemed drenched in oil like I needed to let it drop a few times before I could even take a bite. I'll come back because I know they can do better but this order was not as good as it usually is.
Good food. Good service
This restaurant is very accommodating on changing up dishes with different sauces and providing what is specially requested.  For example, I asked for and got: 1) sliced ginger; 2) Hot Mustard Sauce; 3) Sweet & Sour Sauce; 4) Potsticker Sauce with onions; 5) Plum Sauce; 6) Hoisin Sauce; and 7) Hot Chili Oil.  As I have said previously in other reviews, I like to apply different sauces to various bites of potstickers.  And the medium-sized Pan Fried Potstickers I encountered here were very good.  Rounding out preliminaries, as a companion appetizer Crispy Fried Vegetarian Egg Rolls were crunchy and excellent.  Wonton Noodle Soup was also a hit, with well-filled wontons, fresh bok choy, and a tasty broth.

For entrees I sampled very fine lean Beef & Snow Peas with Black Mushrooms in Oyster Sauce; top of the line Kung Pao Chicken with solid all-white-meat fowl; outstanding and flavorful large Prawns with a vibrant Sweet & Sour Sauce; and quite tasty Honey Walnut Prawns.

Complimentary Jasmine Tea was outstanding in flavor, and both Chocolate and Strawberry Japanese Mochi Ice Cream were very refreshing.

Servers were solicitous of my party's needs, and quite professional in carrying out their tasks.  This was a fine Cantonese dining experience!

4-1/2 stars overall!  I will definitely be back!
The food is simply great, and the waiters are very helpful. They replace the used plate and serve the food very fast.
My family and I met here for Christmas lunch and the food was excellent. It was nice to finally get some old school Chinese instead of the same old buffet style that you see know days. We had 4 or 5 dishes and all of them were very good.The server went out of his way to please everyone at the table, even though the place was packed he did a great job keeping up with the pace. I will definitely be going back next time i'm in town.
Sweet corn chowder pretty good,( I would have liked it better with WHITE MEAT not dark meat, that's just me)
Ordered Kung Pao Shrimp, but they brought us CHICKEN? We took it, & it was still yummy. And the best part was the Chilean Sea Bass steamed with bean sauce but hmmmm it had bones? Never ever had my Real Chilean sea bass WITH BONES? But the flavor was buttery & creamy and we could NOT stop eating it EVEN after we were full!!!
WE WILL 4 SURE BE BACK!!!
Most Asian clientele....
Dude. Get off of the strip and head to china town for the most amazing food of your life! We had the Chilean sea bass steamed with black bean sauce as well as the Kung pao chicken and a corn chowder soup with chopped chicken. The sea bass was melt in your mouth, buttery goodness. There were small bones in it, however, so beware. The Kung pao was amazing too. Both were served with rice and we sipped on their jasmine tea. It was PACKED so call ahead like we did. A+++!
CNN didn't give this place Top 50 Best Chinese Restaurants in America for nothing! This goes far beyond just a good Chinese restaurant. The seafood and meat was as fresh as it could get and the flavors were matched to perfection. I do not like msg, or salty food. This place made the flavors of the food pop, without any heavy sauces or salt. It was Chinese food heaven. A MUST eat before you die.
Great food, Good service, and Fair priced. I would suggest the beef and Portobello mushroom dish and Hot and Sour soup very good and a huge bowl. One of the best Chinese places in Vegas.
Clean Chinese restaurant along Spring Mountain Road. I guess the cleanliness, cloth table napkins and servers wearing tux are the reason why this Chinese restaurant is overpriced!

We had the basic salt and pepper pork chops, HK style seafood noodles, Chinese mustard greens with garlic and 1/2 order of roasted duck for $60! 

The flavor was ordinary, nothing fancy. 

Not sure if I'll be back. I suggest you just go to neighboring Chinese restaurants.
We decided to eat here for Chinese New Year because of the good reviews and it truly lived up to its reputation. A bit pricey, but worth it because of the food and ambience. I especially enjoyed the Chilean sea bass with black bean sauce, which just melted in my mouth and I couldn't stop eating it.

Bonus points for honest employee who returned my purse that I had left, right before we got into our car. Thank you.
My husband and I decided to try this restaurant because of the reviews. We ordered the pan seared Chilean sea bass, chicken fried rice and sweet and sour chicken. The sea bass was terrible! It was soaked in oil. The sweet and sour chicken was made with dark meat and precooked. The fried rice was excellent. I sent back the sea bass and was given the explanation of "this is how it's made", with an attitude. I asked for beef and broccoli instead. It was delish. As we the service, we were approached and asked for the entire order. We had not even looked at the menu. We weren't offered dipping noodles or tea, as the table behind us was. We will not be returning to this restaurant.
A very clean Chinese restaurant that has plenty of seating to accommodate large parties and good sized parking lot. Their menu comes with gorgeous pictures of their entrees, but unfortunately it doesn't transfer over to the real deal. 

As this is a family style restaurant, we wanted to get around 6 - 7 items to share amongst each other. The entrees we got were;

Peking Duck: probably one of their best things here, good sized duck, lots of meat, very crispy skin, comes with the white bun and colorful shrimp chips, wasn't overly salty. 
BBQ Combination Platter 1/2 size: This was my favorite along with the duck, I probably would have just gone with the full order and just taken off something else we ordered, the dish comes with fried chicken, jelly fish, pork loaf slices, meat loaf slices, and cha shu pork. 
Honey Walnut Shrimp: Disappointing portion size, there was literally like 7 pieces of shrimp on there.....for $16 bux? Man we got jipped hard, I probably would recommend putting that money into a different dish.
Clams in vermicelli special broth: clams were good but the broth wasn't that special, it was sort of bland, but it was different than the usual ways people order clams at Chinese restaurants.
Steamed Egg plant with garlic sauce: Wasn't really garlic sauce, more like just sauteed egg plants with crushed garlic sprinkled on top, so technically, it needed some sauce.
Yang Chow Fried Rice: decent, no real complaints from this, probably need some more salt.
Pan Fried Chinese Broccoli: probably our only real healthy dish, it was good, nothing memorable from it, but we did finish it.

Overall, this restaurant is a decent Chinese joint.
Despite all the awards, there was certainly nothing spectacular about the meal - or the experience. 

We were promptly greeted and seated - right under a TV airing Glee, and a speaker playing Top 40 from the 90s. A few people were seated in our section after we were...all American. The Asians were seated on the opposite side of the restauraunt. 

We weren't offered any chopsticks...because we are American. 

The food was really, really not great - especially for $30 per person. I could have ordered the same quality and taste from china a go go...maybe even Panda Express, for half the price. 

But...the tea was good. 
2/5 would not dine again.
Well, first off, we found that Chinatown in Las Vegas is nothing like Chinatown in San Francisco. It is a bunch of shops and mini-malls spread out along about a two-mile stretch of Spring Mountain Road, west of the I-15.

Joyful House has been listed as one of the best Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas, but in my opinion it's not THE best. 

My wife and I and two high-school girls from Shanghai tried it out the other afternoon for an early dinner, and they, at least, seemed to think the food was somewhat authentic. We started out with bowls of West Lake Egg Flower Chowder, which I thought was somewhat bland. Adding a small amount of chili paste and a splash of shoyu (soy sauce) helped.

They ordered steamed chicken with ginger and mustard greens with mushrooms, but didn't seem to eat much of the greens. My wife and I tried the Pan Fried Spinach with Garlic, Barbecued Pork Fried Rice and Chicken Chow Fun. The latter actually wasn't much fun, as the noodles turned out to be really thick and hard to handle. We should have ordered the skinny noodles instead. I thought the fried rice was very good. 

Serving sizes here are huge, so we had the leftovers boxed up and we found a couple of homeless guys down the street who really appreciated them.

We could have ordered a bit less and still fed one homeless person, but we got out the door for $95 (including tip) and thought it was quite a bit better than the typical Chinese place.
Not too good, not too bad.  My husband and I ordered the salt & pepper calamari, clams in black bean sauce and sesame chicken.  The calamari was pretty good, a little overrated but came out nice and crispy w/ salt and red pepper seasoning and some sliced Serrano peppers that were hella spicy.  The clams in black bean sauce wasn't that good, the sauce was super salty (we ordered it after reading all the rave reviews on it).  The sesame chicken was good, it's our safe go to dish whenever we eat Chinese food.  Our bill came out to $47.24 including a HongKong iced tea that was never refilled, a little disappointing since it cost $3.75.  Perhaps I'm just cheap but I'm used to paying $2.50~ for iced tea w/ unlimited refills.  Another disappointment was the cleanliness, lots of dust on the wood window sills along the restaurant.  Makes you wonder what the kitchen looks like.  Better get to cleaning before Darcy Spears hits them up and they end up on Action 13 new's Dirty Dining!  Eeeks.
Needing to get away from the Vegas strip for awhile, we searched on Yelp for a good Chinese restaruarnt and our party of 6 decided to come here for dinner.

We ordered:
3/5 Spicy hot and sour soup $14.25
3/5 Imperial peking duck $39
4/5 Seafood combo claypot with tofu $15.50
3/5 Eggplant, pork and bamboo claypot $12.50
5/5 Taiwan A vegetables $11.50
3/5 Yang Chow fried rice $11.95
Tsing Tao beer $3 each

The Peking duck was a bit disappointing as the skin was not as flavorful and crispy and the man who filleted the skin did not do a very good job. There were uneven pieces but nevertheless, we got to have Peking duck. The claypots were okay. The sauce was a bit heavy. The stir-fried A vegetables was the best! Over all we had a fun meal but the quality was just okay.
We ventured out to Joyful House with another couple and had another very good meal but not a five-star dining experience.  The broth of Seafood Wor Wonton Soup was quite flavorful, and the filled wontons very memorable, but a scary-looking Calamari, tough scallops, and inferior pork made the soup a story of contrasts.  Average-sized pan-fried Potstickers were good and I received my several requested condiments of sliced ginger, Sweet & Sour Sauce, Potsticker Sauce with onions, Hoisin Sauce, and Hot Chili Oil without any difficulty, and Shrimp-Fried Rice with carrots and peas was very good.  

Beef & Snow Peas with Black Mushrooms in Oyster Sauce was a sumptuous Cantonese dish, and Kung Pao Chicken had a nice level of controlled heat.  Service by the well-trained and disciplined staff was consistently on the ball and responsive to needs.

Four solid stars this time out!
Great decor! Excellent food! Informed watier! Garlic Shrimp were to DIE for!
First time here. So delicious! Honey walnut shrimp, sweet and sour shrimp.....holy hell. So good. I've never had shrimp so good. Everything was so good. The service was very friendly and helpful. My first Chinese food since moving to Vegas in July, 2013. I can't wait to bring visitors here.
After a second visit I realize that not only is Joyful House above average Chinese but they are also very high end Chinese Dining.

Where else can you order Geoduck and not too many places offer Abalone. I do note that these are very high end luxury seafood items and do cost around $60. $70. a portion. They also have a variety of many reasonably priced fresh fish dishes and daily specials. Free range chicken is also on the menu. (I've never seen that at any other Chinese Restaurant).

We ordered the Sweet Corn Soup for two. Actually the portion is enormous and can feed 4-6 people. It's delicious and anyone would enjoy it. Our waitress offered us a hot chili sauce and soy sauce condiments with the soup.

I had to try the Braised Tofu with Bamboo Fungus. (I think it cost around $12.00) The presentation isn't good but the dish actually tasted good. Bamboo Fungus is actually a veil from a mushroom grown in Asia. It really has almost no flavor on it's own but does have a most interesting delicate texture and is suppose to be extremely beneficial to your health. Under the Tofu and Bamboo Fungus was a large pile of fresh Chinese Broccoli.

The Special of the day was Whole Flounder for $23.00 so we ordered one fried and it was served  de-Boned Table side.

Joyful House was a Joyful Experience and is on my Las Vegas Rotation!
I know it is a very good place to eat when I come into a city and look forward to my meal at a place I had eaten at on previous trips. This is the place. I can never go wrong with baby bok choy, eggplant & garlic and Singapore noodles. No rush, practice with the chopsticks, enjoy the tea. Breathe....
Good authentic food. :) my Chinese wife and mother in law (in from shanghai) enjoyed it.
The environment is clean with a spacious dining area. 

There is a wide menu selection of seafood items 

We ordered the following dishes:

1) Yang chow fried rice with BBQ pork and shrimp.

2) Fillet fish with vegetables

3) Sesame chicken

4) Half duck

My favorites were the fried rice and sesame chicken. The taste of each dish is average.
If I was writing this review 2 years ago this place would have 5 stars without a doubt. The food in this place is really good and the service is also but they've gotten greedy. I've been coming here for years and we liked this place so much we'd come at least 2-3 times a week for lunch and other times for take out. I highly recommend the tenderloin beef in black pepper sauce with portabella mushrooms, their fried rice and spicy crispy shirmp.

The prices have been on increasing regularly and the amount of food has gone down drastically, not good business. This last time I went for dinner with my parents and we all noticed how small the portions have gotten, it was really bad and that irritated me. The only good thing is that the quality of the food is still there but their competition is very close by (less than a mile down the road) and they've been consistent for years.
If you want good Chinese food served in a nice restaurant with good service this is the place to go off the Strip.  Try the clay pot dishes, chow fun, Peking duck, scallops in black bean sauce or any seafood dish and you can't go wrong.  Service can be inconsistent but the food is "dynomite."  Open late for those of use who get the munchies.
Have visited Joyful House on a number of occasions over the  years.  Very tasty authentic Chinese food.  Would recommend for those interested in trying it out.
Stopped in for lunch today because of all of the great reviews. I came in by myself and was greeted by a female waitress that didn't seem very happy. I was seated and ordered my drink. I asked about the lunch specials she looked borderline upset. I ordered the salt and pepper pork chop which was fantastic, I then decided to order the Crab Rangoon. About 5 minutes later I see an order of the lovely little cream cheese  babies headed my way...NOT...the waitress passed my table and put them on the table next to mine, ok fair enough they must have ordered them also. Not the case, 3 minutes later the other waiter comes and picks them up from them and says to me they are making me new ones. Not possible in the less than 1 minute they were in the back. I told them I did not want them. They should have left them on the other peoples table and REALLY made me new ones. But I will say the food tasted wonderful, they just need some skills in service!!
Best Damm Chinese Food EVER, The Real Mccoy, You Gotta To Try it.
Best of Las Vegas 2014 !!!  Way to go.  Love the food, been going to Joyful House for 15+ years.  Always been a reliable Chinese restaurant.
We found Joyful House by accident in February 2014.  Food, service, atmosphere all were excellent.  We told some friends about it, and when we all came back to town together in early May 2014 we decided it was a must to get in there again.  We were NOT disappointed!  Crab Ragoons, Chicken Chow Yuk, Mongolian Beef, Lettuce Wraps (And more) were all very well prepared and the service was (AGAIN) fabulous!!
Been going here for years! Love this place! We always order our usual beef chow fun with gravy,honey walnut shrimp , salt and pepper pork chops and salted fish fried rice..yumm! Best Chinese food I've tasted by far.
I really miss my go to chinese places in los angeles,alas Im not in kansas anymore,I have landed in mediocre land. Its not the food was bad it just didnt blow me away,I find myself comparing everything to what i am used to and unfortunately it falling woefully short. The potstickers were super weak,I mean worse then supermarket frozen weak. The BBQ pork fried rice needed flavoring and was a bit on the dry side. The shrimp in lobster sauce was average. The kung po chicken was ok,and the best dish was the mongolian beef a bit of sweet and hot flavor,pretty tasty. All in all it was another just ok experience,my search continues :)
Great food w/o waiting to long. Can improve on the service. Overall I will come back to this place.
Portions here are really big, so I would recommend asking the server if what you ordered is too much food or just right.  The hot and sour soup is delicious but the duck was super greasy and kinda flavorless.  Fried rice was massive portions. I mean, massive. 

And of course, you get your standard you're-a-gringo-in-an-Asian-restaurant neglectful service. 

For being such a renowned place here on Vegas, I wasn't all that impressed.
Good Chinese food is hard to find in Vegas so consider this your notice!  Joyful house is delicious flavor is 8/10 customer service 7/10 and the fact that they don't close til 3am in a 24 hr city gives them bonus points. For the most part I only go here for Chinese food. I recommend the salt and pepper shrimp (shells on) and the roasted duck, never dry! Can't say I'm surprised they have so many awards bestowed upon the restaurant. I appreciate consistency.
Was here about midnite on a weeknight:
- Went with the $18(?) bbq combo platter app.  Options were pork, duck and jellfish and I went with the first two.  Don't know how they do it, but the pork & duck were flavorful.  
- It's a nice restaurant and an upgrade from the typical Chinese restaurant service/decor, and the menu prices seemed to reflect that.
- Definitely a good choice to eat a nice Chinese restaurant off-Strip.
This place is absurdly expensive and a tourist trap. They don't have any lunch specials on the weekends or a lunch menu for that matter, so we had to order 1 plate of honey walnut shrimp from the dinner menu (even though it was 2:30pm on a Saturday afternoon). 

Honey Walnut Shrimp with Mayonnaise $16.50 -- The portion was small (10 med/small sized shrimp) the shrimp tasted very fishy and like they were frozen, also barely gave us any walnuts. We did not enjoy this dish at all. KJ kitchen's version costs less, gives you more shrimp, and gives a ton more walnuts. 

Their rice was dry and tasted dirty. Not sure how a legitimate Chinese restaurant can mess this up? 

I was shocked they didn't have the real deal homemade authentic saté chili sauce in oil. They brought out the commercial bright red sambal oelek from a bottle which tasted weird and not spicy at all. Very disappointing. 

Overall our meal was not worth $20, everything was unsatisfactory.
This was one of the best Chinese restaurants I've been to and the service was fast and excellent! Great find!
Best Chinese food I've had in Vegas. Quick courteous service, pleasant decor, large portions and everything was cooked as I specially requested. Much better than that PF place. Easy to get to from my hotel on the strip, too.
Have to this place several times, with late night groups and for dinner for two. Have also done take-out. Have never been disappointed. The service is very good, the food is always great. The Salt and Pepper Pork Chops are always a must have.
Delicious food here. Got free sweat ice tea and soup. Broccoli beef was great. Chicken is fresh. Prices are pretty good as well. Would recommend!
I had great expectations when I came especially when I saw many posters and banners saying that it's one of the "Best Chinese Restaurant in United States". Sadly it doesn't seem entirely true at all. The foods were moderate, some were delicious, but too oily. I had a lot of people with me that day and one large plate of food seemed little. I thought I ordered a lot of food but it wasn't enough in the end. Overall I give it a fair rating but would I go there again? Sure- it's affordable and worth the cost as a whole.
This place ranks in the top 5 with my family. The food was excellent and plentiful! Our group of 4 adults and 3 children(under 10) was treated very well. They were very nice to the kidlings and grea with us grown-ups too. More then enough food to make us all happy. Thank you for making dinner out with friends so very nice!
While we were ordering, the man behind the counter was full on picking his nose.  It was revolting.  If we were not starving after already leaving the line at a dim sum house and having to get my son home before late nap meltdown occurred, I would have absolutely left.  It is beyond disgusting that they had an employee standing there picking his nose.

That being said, the combination dry fat rice noodle dish was delicious.  It tasted the way I like it being cooked.  The sesame chicken is a skip it.  It was our least favorite dish.  The kung pao shrimp was tasty.

Our service was terrible.  I had to keep flagging people down to help us.  

I would not go back.  The prices are too expensive for what you get.
This restaurant sadly has become very mediocre.  Too expensive, crab in claypot is $68.00, which very little crabmeat.  Steamed veggies $16.50, total bill for three $168.00, total ripoff. AVOID! I used to be a huge fan of this place but not any more.
Food was pretty good; service was prompt but not excellent; open til late night like at least 2am.  I loved the fried fish filet in cream corn sauce; portion was not small and good enough to feed the hungry crowd!  For those of you looking for something fancier like shark fin, bird's nest, etc., this place's got it!  Prices in general were alright and acceptable.
What...In...The...WORLD were people thinking giving this place any more than one star?? This food is just nasty and the absolute lowest grade meat you could possibly eat! Trust me, I know about this stuff. The meat is DISGUSTING!  Best in Vegas award? Something tells me they know somebody who knows somebody. That is the biggest lie I've heard since moving here! Oh yeah, and they're over priced! What a joke. I so regret giving them my money.
We are in Vegas for the July 4 weekend and wanted to get away from the casinos food.

I searched Yelp for Chinese Restaurants and this one had 4 solid stars. It was a couple miles from our hotel so I decided to check it out.
This place is elegant but comfortable, you would be fine in casual wear. It is clean and the male host that met us at the door also waited on us and was very friendly and accommodating.

We ordered Mongolian Beef, Lemon Chicken, Yang Chow Fried Rice and Mustard Greens in Broth. We got our made to order food in less than 5 minutes and each dish was great. 
The beef melted in my mouth; the Lemon Chicken was crispy on the outside and tender inside; and fried rice and the mustard green dish were both scrumptious. However, at $60.86 it may be a little pricey for some but it is worth it. Nevertheless. I am giving them 4 1/2 Yelp Stars.

I will definitely come back when I am in
Vegas again.
Great customer service, great food! Just a few notes, lunch portions are huge, interior is nice & warm, its clean. Thanks again! Will definitely go back!! ^_^
First time here for us. Nestled in the heart of Sin City's "Chinatown;" this place is a gem of qualify Chinese food with an authentic atmosphere that keeps you feeling welcome even after you leave. 

We had the "Dinner A," which includes mushroom eggdrop soup; a small appetizer medley of egg rolls, wontons, and pot stickers; chicken fried rice; beef choy mein; sweet and sour pork; and cashew chicken. We also had hot tea and Thai iced coffee with boba!

Literally everything was perfectly prepared and delicious! What do we recommend? Yes. Thank you Joyful House, we'll be back!
Good late night Chinese food. A little on the pricey side, but hey for 2am. I can't complain.
'Come here for dimsum' our vietnamese taxi driver said.  He also started to tell us about some of the strip joints on the way over and how some of the girls are just down right nasty at....wait...wrong review.  ok ok...so anyway, dimsum is decent here, though they speak some heavy ass engrish (engrish.com for those of you who are wondering).  War wonton soup is good here (a rot better at the cafe in the New Or-reans) and their beef-ho-fun with chinese brocco-ri is dericious.  Nice clean place, with a decent view of the last of the remaining forest of trees in Las Vegas.  um..take a cab, cause I get lost everytime I go here.
The mission is on...to find a decent dim sum restaurant in Vegas and Cathay House was first on my list.  Originating from San Francisco, finding a stellar dim sum restaurant in the desert will definitely be a challenge!  But I'm on it!

Cathay House was voted best dim sum in the local papers and received other accolades as noted on its wall.  I had high expectations!  

It was bustling on a Sunday afternoon and there was a 10-15 minute wait for a party of 2.  Once seated in the main dining room, ice water, tea, and forks arrived immediately.  (Forks?)  Okay, so there were chopsticks already on the table but I guess out here, they are used to people asking for forks.  

There wasn't a huge variety of dim sum dishes to choose from, so that was already disappointing.  I did try the chicken feet in black bean sauce.  This dish lacked the full flavor that I'm used to.  The standard shrimp dumpling (har gow) and pork dumpling (shumai) were basic, if anything.  The salt and pepper shrimp had been sitting out too long after being stir-fried, not a good choice.  The beef rice noodle with a light soy sauce should be cut up to share a bit easier.  The crab claw puffs were average.

I was anxious for the Shanghai dumplings, which they did not have.  Or the Shark Fin dumpling in soup with red vinegar and ginger slices to dip into.  Two of my favorites, and they were not available.  (And trust me, I did ask more than one employee for it.)

Looking around for dessert, there were no egg custard tarts available or black sesame rolls.  I did see the sweet tofu, but that was about it.     

There were a lot of dishes that weren't being ordered, in other words...they looked stale as they passed our table numerous of times.  When you see the same cart pass you when you first sit down, and realize that the same dishes are still not moving on it an hour later, the turnover of food is not happening here.

I also think it's odd that they serve dim sum until 10 pm.  In my opinion, a true tea house restaurant should only serve dim sum during brunch hours.  That is the whole point of "drinking tea' aka yum cha or going for dim sum.  

Overall, I don't plan on returning here unless I haven't found a better place yet.  My dining companion says this place WAS worthy of a three star in the past, but he had to change his review to a two now.  Sad sad.
about 10 odd years ago, when i was a newbie to the dim sum world.  i had heard about this place in las vegas.  yeah, it was a damn good food experience, b/c i was from reno where there was no chinese restaurant serving dim sum.  the place has received many awards over the course of the years.  it was such a nice restaurant in those days.  now the pink decor has gone to crap.  it just seems a lot dirtier now.  i have to say each time i go to this place the quality has been on a steady decline.  the basic steam items, such as siumai,har gow, and also the deep fried items...crab claw,  were not spectacular.  the salt-pepper fried shrimp have been sitting out a long time, so they were chewy more than crunchy.  i think i cut my inner lip chewing on the shrimp head.  i didnt see the mango pudding or egg tarts the last time.  im also sad that they didnt have my favorite shark fin dumpling soup item with red vinegar.  finally, a lot of the dishes have been sitting out for a long time.  i was just afraid to touch them.  i still cant believe that this place is so busy.  ive had to wait quite a while the last few times ive come here.  i definitely have to find a better place for dim sum.
The food here is okay...
but the service here is horrible.
I would not recommend this place at all!!
Growing up in high school, my friend Julia used to just rave about this place.  She swore the curry puffs were the best thing she'd ever put in her mouth.  She lived all the way across the city, though, so I never had the chance to sample it.  The last time she was in town, I went with her family.  I would have been less than impressed anyway, but it truly paled because I was expecting something spectacular both from her raves and the various awards it's received over the years.

The curry puffs were OK, but nothing great.  The rest of the dishes seemed like something I could get at any Chinese restaurant without the price tag that Cathay House put on them.  The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.

The food wasn't bad, but the value wasn't there.  Wish I could have tried it 10 years ago.
Dim sum was mediocre if that.  Xiu Long Bao was not very good, the soup inside was still thick and uncooked.  Siu Mai wasn't good, Har Gow was ok, I think my favorite was the black bean sauce spare ribs.  Service was horrible, our plates weren't taken away and we had to get up to order drinks.  Go somewhere else for dim sum.
Nothing remarkable about this place. 

The foot quality was good, but our food wasn't all that well prepared.  I ordered a spicy chicken dish, and I didn't taste much spice above and beyond the sweet and sour sauce with some dried red chilis.

The service was good here, but we were one of 3 tables...
I came here for dim sum on a Sunday last month. Even for a restaurant of its size (not tiny), it was crowded (with locals or tourists, I couldn't tell - well, not without staring!), so do arrive early to secure a table. Unsure if they take reservations.

Service was difficult to flag over for help, but when we did attract them, they were happy enough to oblige our random requests for more hot sauce, photos (!), and, of course, more food. Speaking of the food, their dim sum plates were tasty and totally worth it:
- scallop dish was flavorful (first time I've had it too!)
- black bean spare ribs were melt-in-your-mouth tender
- love the blankets
- dumplings were tasty and well-filled
- chicken feet were goooood
- tofu dessert (made in-house) was surprisingly good

Not sure about all the negative press for this place, but I had a delicious time at Cathay House. Recommended!
It was a zoo at lunch time and the line was seriously long. I went inside and asked to be put on the list. I saw that there were at least 20-30 names on the list with parties of 3 or 4, but I spoke Cantonese to the woman and asked her how long and she said about 10 minutes. I didn't think it would be possible since we had 4 people, but believe it or not, we were seated in less than 10 minutes. Now I'm not sure if it's because I spoke Chinese or what, but there were SO many people waiting before us that I felt a tinge of guilt that we were being seated -- only a tinged, but not too much. I didn't seem to have any problems flagging people down either because I just shouted what I wanted at them as they were passing our table. My problem was getting the items we wanted.

Firstly, we were absolutely famished, so we got a few items such as the soy sauce flavored fried noodles, har gow, cha siu bao, tripe, tendon. Everything was just so-so. They also didn't have some of the items we were craving. I suggested that we just leave and perhaps go eat somewhere else later since we had filled our tummies some and weren't about to keel over in hunger.

It was cheap as usual for dim sum, but then again, every dim sum place in Vegas has cheap dim sum and we've had better and we've had worse.
Ever had someone else order your food for you? Ever had the staff basically look past you at the table? Don't worry, I'm not griping, it was actually nice to sit back and have my food placed in front of me. And, when you're the token white guy among a table of five Chinese who can all speak to the Dim Sum ladies in their native, it's kinda useless to try and involve yourself. 

I think this was my second trip to Cathay House.  And, it has the basic Dim Sum fare and everything was pretty fresh.  I did start off on the wrong foot by burning the roof of my mouth on a crazy looking shrimp ball, which by the way I would avoid next time around. 

In addition to some good dim sum, the vegetables and singapore rice noodles were on point.
Before i used to believe 'Bad Dim Sum' was an old wives tale ment to scare children from the greasy steamed dishes of utter OMGWTFBBQPWNAGE-ness!!! 

Thank you Cathay House for industrializing dim sum and making it as chinese as taco bell is to mexican food.

Lately in my review I've been doing a breakdown of everything from how the place looks to me to listing what i ordered and what i thought of it. I'd rather not for this review because it would force me to stop, lean over, and vomit uncontrollably. 

Gripes
- They sat us in what i call the 'shit hole' section of the restaurant where small families, less then a few people and generally those who don't look like they're gonna spend a lot of money go to minimize chances of customers wasting their time and maximize profit. Guess where the white people sat
- same cart, different pusher to give the illusion they were well stocked
- you could taste how much effort they put into their food. i've had chicken mcnuggets that have had more effort put into them
-oh look another cart that means they got more selection..DAMN IT those two just traded...DAMN YOU!!!!!

Conclusion
If you feel like Dim Sum go somewhere else
If you feel like eating what chinese people make to sell to foreigners by all means go here and order an Egg Foo Young and General Tso's Chicken and taste that authentic chinese goodness
the fiance and i enjoy our cathay house experiences everytime we go here - food is good, dim sum is cheap, and if seated in the right place, the service is pretty consistent -

i haven't found the ultimate dim sum joint yet, so a 3 is fair, i gave jasmines seafood in san diego a 4 star - but the food here is only decent - friend wonton, crab balls, shrimp noodles, shumai all good. but i really like the singapore noodles (spicy curry rice noodles) and the chinese broccoli from the menu.

its tucked away in vegas' version of little chinatown (spring mtn rd) - so you will be tempted by other chinese restaraunts in the area, some of which are our plan b's - so make sure you know where youre going.
i'm not a local of vegas city, but i've heard that cathay house has been sold to another owner and that they have reopened with a new management in place. 

because we aren't local, we decided to drop by a chinese restaurant near chinatown for some food. At first it was pleasant to know that the restaurant was well packed and that we need to wait for 30 mins. The 30 mins wait did in fact made our food  much more pleasant because anything at this point was considered good. 

the food was mediocre, also the dishes weren't anything special compared to food we have here in the Bay Area. 

I give this place 2 good stars for lack of service, lack of ingredients, and lack of goo taste. the pros were that the food came extremely fast after we ordered. but that was only because one of their main rooms were opened. The second time we went, it was packed in both rooms and food was extremely slow. 

the parking complex also sucked. it looked like some ghetto mall with tinted windows. at first i thought it looked like a illegal massage parlor.
Came here for dinner and the place is pretty dead. The food was nothing special...I've had tastier authentic Chinese cousine. Would not waste my money here again. There are better Chinese restaurant on the same street that you don't have too look far.
Food was ok. Didn't leave any strong impression. We went there when it wasn't so busy. We had an old male manager serving us. He left a great impression on us just because he was so friendly and took care everything.
3 1/2 Stars (rounded to 4).

Char Siu Baau (*** 1/2) This was NOT the steamed, fluffy white bun, but the glazed, shiny, sugary golden brown crusty bun. Just not enough of the good stuff - the Barbecued Pork filling!

Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce (*****) Very fresh Chinese Broccoli, crunchy stalks with soft leaves. Very liberal with the Oyster Sauce... glad it wasn't straight-out-of-the-bottle Oyster Sauce... mild. Excellent.

Chow Mein Plate (** 1/2) A very plain-jaine plate of Chow Mein.... desperately trying to qualify as a Dim Sum entree. Just didn't work.

Crab Ball (*****) A baked Dim Sum in the midst of all the steamed Dim Sum. Baked Crab Ball covered by a crusty flaky Crab shell with a little pseudo Crab claw sticking from the top of the Dumpling. One of the best Dim Sum today.

Crispy Skin Roast Pork (*** 1/2) A little dry. Skin will remind you of the Mexican dish,  Chicharrones.

Eggplant Shu Mai (****) Eggplant with attachment of Shrimp - huge pieces of Chinese Eggplant, shiny silvery Green, with a ball of Shrimp attached to the center of the Eggplant. Unique.

Fried Pot Stickers filled with Peas (****) Self-descriptive.

Sesame Seed Ball (****) Sticky Sesame Seeds covering a Sweet Bean sticky chewy interior. Light, and Chewy!

Shaomai (**** 1/2) Small Steamed Dumplings with Pork inside a thin yellowish, wheat flour wrapper. Ttopped off with Crab and Chinese Black Mushrooms. One of the Dim Sum entrees seemingly no restaurant can get wrong!

Shrimp Dumpling (**** 1/2) A delicate steamed Dumpling with chopped-up Shrimp filling and a thin rice flour almost clear skin.

Steamed Meatballs (****) Steamed Ground Beef shaped balls covered with a thin egg noodle skin.

Taro Cake (***) Taro cake is a dish made from the vegetable Taro. Each plate comes with three squares... it is semi-crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. In Bay Area Dim Sum establishments, there is usually some kind of meat embedded in or on top of the Taro Cake. Unfortunately, none in this particular version.

Pot of Hot Tea.

Atmosphere is upscale Hong Kong. A glass partition separates the upper level guests from those sitting at the exterior windowed walls. Would swear I remember a similar type of partition at a restaurant in Hong Kong... Seemingly, everyone who exited Cathay House was driving either a Lexus or a Mercedes.

My youngest son's and his fiancee's favorite Dim Sum establishment in Las Vegas.
I've been eating here since I was a kid on all my family trips to Vegas.

The dim sum is still decent, but the entree dishes have gone down a bit. I would give this place 2.5 but I'm going to round down since overall I wasn't very satisfied.

The pan fried noodles were NOT good at all...The dim sum is OK though, to be safe just stick with that. 

If you want to fix your dim sum craving and you don't want to drive far from the strip, this is the place to go. VERY close to the strip by car (5 min car ride w/o traffic)
This was the first dinner we had in LV. Looking at the other review, I think one might want to skip the dim sum. 

With a group of 11 coming around 5:30pm, we ordered the lobster, seasonal vegetable, tofu, chicken feet, fish, soup, and even a free dish of cold cut for having a large party. 

Not the best Chinese meal I've had but fairly good for LV standards. Worth the return visit.
This is a seriously late ass review. Better late and never, right? haha

I wanted dim sum the last time I was in Vegas and this was the place that I found on Yelp and that a couple friends (that live in LV) were familiar with.

Granted that it's not the best dim sum restaurant out there, it's decent. Some of the dishes were really good but after a while if you keep saying "no" to the ladies and their carts, they will stop coming by (which of course was when I wanted something). So expect typical minimal Asian service but they do come when flagged down.

The next time I'm there and craving dim sum... I'm trying the other places. :P
after a long day of working at the trade show and gambling, my brother says, "just wait, were going to eat a very expensive dinner with my friends"

the food wasn't expensive but the experience was very interesting.

we get there around 9, not very packed, i felt like i was back in china. the decor, environment, even the waiters had a china feel to it. the lady that was part of our group who was ordering, she asked what don't we eat. not to be rude, i responded with "i eat everything" i will soon regret those 3 little words.

one after another, intestines, stomach, liver, not even sure whats being displayed to me. what happen to the chow fun or sweet or spicy pork.  i tasted everything and hoped it didnt come out the same way in it came in.  we did enjoy a nice bottle of opus one with our meal.

the food was good, but nothing special about it.  tasted like traditional chinese cuisine.
This is one of the good dimsum places in Las Vegas.
There's dim sum an' den sum. 

Now I must admit my favorite dish is the Lobster Puff balls. These things are highly addictive. They are crispy, creamy, and lobstery in one mouthwatering bite. I swear I could have a huge heaping plate of them and nothing else. Of course I'd knock it down with their Long Island Iced Teas. They actually mix a very nice cocktail. 

The entrees are fairly nice, but not spectacular. And it's really a question of hitting the right combination of Dim Sum. This is the Asian restaurant that the Average Asian would rave about to his Caucasian friends. Somewhat touristy in feel but in a slightly more upscale way. 

So if you like Lobster Puff Balls and Long Island Iced Teas. You can't miss. And they had at one time a spectacular view of the valley until some shmuck built up in front of them. Oh well.
This establishment has been here since the late 1980's and used to have one of the best views of the Las Vegas Strip. I only come to this place for dim sum. Their dim sum is decent and priced well. As long as you do not overload with seafood and special dishes your bill should not be that much.
Half-ass dim sum, theres better places in town. Service is poor, unless you were a rolex watch like most of the waitresses do!
The best dim sum I've found so far in Las Vegas - and the big crowds of local Chinese patrons attest to its popularity. Probably doesn't compare to the top places in San Francisco or L.A., but hey, it's Vegas. Lunch and dinner items from the Chinese menu are much better and more interesting than the Americanized dishes they peddle to the gweilo on the English menu - take a Cantonese-speaking friend along and you will have a better dining experience. Service is not too bad for a Chinese restaurant. About a ten minute drive from most Strip hotels, and worth it.  The Strip's Chinese restaurants are twice as expensive and half as good.
Maybe it was the heat or maybe it was the 5 straight hours drive because the dim sum didn't taste that great, which was strange because there were a lot of customers when we arrived.   

There was not a lot of variety. We had to say no to a few carts coming by because it was the same food or the carts had nothing interesting on them. Food was okay, but some items were not hot enough. It was just warm and that made the mediocre food even worse.

Service was okay. We had to keep asking where the carts were, but they did refilled our teapot when it was empty. 

Overall, okay place if you're desperate for some dim sum, but I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.
I love this place! I read some of the other reviews and I'm surprised at how bad they are. We started coming here when my aunt-in-law first visited us here in Vegas. Her husband is from China. They'd been to the restaurant many times before, usually with lots of family.

Every time, I've been here, we were either the only "round-eyes" there, or there was one more table like us. That, to me, says authentic more than anything else, besides the dishes themselves.

The service is good, although sometimes it's hard to understand the waitresses due to their accent. I'm willing to deal wit that. the food is great.

The only reason for 4 stars, instead of 5: This time my friends an I had thought we had figured out our total to be around $25-30, but the bill was really $50. Mind you, we had 7 people eating (lunch).
this is the best chinese restaurant off the strip. if you want dimsum, or good ass cantonese food. this is the place to go. i am from LA, i kno good chinese food, and this place is as good as it gets in vegas. sometimes they have lobster for 8.88 a pound, which is really good. 4 pound minimum but it is soooooo worth it... everything at the restraunt is good and on point. lobster is a must and black bean steamed oyster is a must. much better than kj kitchen... and the prices here are much cheaper. THIS PLACE IS GOOD IF U WANT TO EAT ALL OUT... LIKE LOBSTER, BLACK PEPPER STEAK, OYSTER... PORK CHOP, VEGETABLE, ECT.
Best dim sum and authentic Chinese food ~ at one point my family and I called Cathay House "Sunday's Best" since we ate here two Sundays in a row.
Sooooo I was craving Dimsum the other day, and this restaurant pulls up. I tried another restaurant, which had been a pleasant experience however, I always like to try new places just in case it might get better. 
Few things I noticed about this restaurant in comparison to the one I went previously...
1. less dimsum options
2. Did I mention less options? lol 

Dimsum itself was okay, but they did sort of fail to meet my expectation in terms of variety, because in the end, I m craving dimsum mainly because I like to eat lot of different dishes in small portions. 

May go back but prefer the other joint ...which is further away from the main street.
I was a little hesitant to go cause of some of the negative reviews about service and mark ups but over all it was very good. We ate dinner there so I am not sure about the lunch fare. They have a pretty bad ass fish tank with lobsters and fish that the kids really liked so that was cool. Yes all the staff is Asian but most spoke pretty decent English. The only thing that pissed me off about this place was this little Asian chick that came up to our table and to all the other diners tables and asks for money for some poor Asian kids, she show you all these fliers so it is pretty annoying. Plus this bitch actually sat down with us in front of my wife and kid, I finally just told her to leave, I can't believe management puts up with that crap.  Overall the food was well worth the trip though.
me and my dawls had a girls day and came here for brunch..
the wait wasn't too long.. 

being that it is dim sum, we gave ourselves  wait time because the rush for dim sum on a sunday we imagined would be crazy.. but it wasn't too bad. plus!  they serve dim sum till 3! 

it's a fairly big place.. 
probably how we could be seated so fast..

a fair selection.. 
we wanted to venture and try other things but didn't know...
or understand...
what some things were.  so we just had the usuals..

tastes good!
service was good..
when the server noticed that we were kinda just waiting around and looking for the carts, he went and got them to come to our table which is cool..

i just recommend maybe adding little explanation cards..
we would have been willing to try more if we knew what they were!
language barriers are hard to break..  especially in a loud restaurant!
This is my second choice dim sum place, but my first choice dim sum place would have to close for me to come back to cathay house. Let's say I don't plan on coming back anytime soon. 

My usual experience was not that bad (since they sat us in the more busy room). This time, they sat us in the second room (where there were barely any people... and any service). The service was AWFUL!. I've never been treated so bad unitl this. When we sat down all the dim sum were passing us by without even asking us if we wanted anything... this is... if the cart even came to the room. It took like 10-15 mins just to get water!. I actually had to walk up to one of the cart people and ask for the dim sum. AND EVEN THEN... We only got like 4 selections! Then when we asked for soy sauce and lemons...  no one would give us any! I believe I asked three different people. Well, since we were there we decided to just eat, which was already cold by the time they decided to give it to us. After an hour or so of just awful service, we didn't even bother to ask for more food. We paid and decided to not come back. 

I will say this... i am giving 2 stars because if you sit in the more busy room... you should be ok and get that a-typical rude chinatown food place service (which might put it in a three star range). And honestly, I have had better. I realized that Cathay house does not truly offer a wide variety of items for Dim Sum
Went here on my vacay to Vegas with some friends who are locals.  They recommended this palce for Dim Sum, and let's just say I was not impressed. 

I guess for the desert, there must not be much variety in Dum Sum, because it was a pretty standard affair.  They definetly lack variety, as when I was there, there was only the standard shu mai, ha cau, and pork buns.  I didn't see the bell pepper shrimps, fried taro, or any other favorites.  I'm reading on other people's yelp reviews that there were chicken feet, but I guess they weren't serving it on my visit.

The service was pretty bad too.  We had to ask the waiter 3 times for a pan fried noodle order that my friend made when we sat down.  The place wasn't even that busy, but they seemed to take their time getting ordered food out.  

Definetly not the best dim sum place I've been to.  I guess coming from the Bay Area, I'm spoiled with better asian food.
Absolutely HORRIBLE!

The worst Dim Sum I have ever had
i used to love going to this place w/ my friends and the waiters even knew us...their dim sum was really good and their shrimp balls are to die for...unfortunately, the place is now owned by new owner and i don't know if it's just me or what...after it's new management, their portion size grew smaller!!! the shrimp balls became smaller and dryer...wtf...what a disappointment.

and other than the two servers i know who are friendly, the rest just of the staff just looks unfriendly and they seem to be only nicer to chinese customers...whatever though, it's the same thing i see in other chinese restaurants
The wait was almost as bad at the food, I felt so cheated after waiting to be seated just to eat this well below standard dim sum.
Cathay House is a great place for dinner, "Lobster at its best". Cathay House has Lobster special,  that is amazing on every night.  Its probably the best tasting and best priced Lobster in Vegas, I put it up against any fancy Restaurants on the strip. Try the lobster with green onion and ginger sauce!!

*English Friendly

Never been for dim sum..
Came for late night eats twice.

First time not bad food and price for what we got. Late night dimsum...kinda cool...it was alright for a night snack, but not the best dimsum I've had. Slow service a bit....I dont mind waving down the waiter, but a few times I couldnt quite figure out where we went so I can ask for a refill. 

2nd time though kinda irritated me. We got these combos that is an entree and it comes with an appetizer of eggroll and ribs I think...they come out with this platter of a lot of appetizers...I thought maybe they're giving us extra because it's late night? It's not the first place to do that, but then again rarely does an Chinese place give extras. No, apparently it was a appetizer platter that we did not order and still got charged for because we did eat it all. I now know not to eat anything that looks "extra" to what we got or it might be a sneak in for an extra $13.
theres a gripload of chinese people in the sf bay area.
because of that.. i have a good feel as to what good
chinese food is. the food at cathay house is up to par
with the food out here. it shocks me on how low of a
rating this place has, but then again, all of the reviews
that are bad seem to always have a complaint on dim
sum. i didnt have any dim sum here. so my review is
strictly the dinner menu. the food is perfectly cooked.
we ordered a 5lb lobster & had it sauteed with ginger
& scallion. we ordered soup as well but i forgot what
kind but they served a hefty bowl for everyone at the
table. we got the yang zhou fried rice little shady but
still very good. & last but definately not least.. we got
the STRAWBERRY CHICKEN. yes i said it, strawberry.
its definately like lemon or orange chicken just the
sauce is obviously strawberry. & to our table's surprise
it was HELLA good. the service there isnt slow but isnt
very quick either. the waiters we're very attentive. the
prices are good. seriously, whats wrong with the place?
I love me sum Dim sum! Haha, but seriously, all my Yelp followers know that I'm a big fan of Ping Pang Pong.  It's my Tuesday tradition, however, I tried for Monday this week and it was PACKED!  So, after reading a few Yelp reviews and the most recent thread on Dim Sum I set off for Chang's.  

Upon approaching the entrance I noticed how empty the parking lot was.  As I got to the door I noticed  a small sign from the Nevada Health District stating Chang's had been closed down due to health violations :(.  With my heart set on Dim Sum I took a friend recommendation of Cathay House.

Cathay House was busy, but managed to seat my party quickly.  The atmosphere was reminiscent of Ping Pang (minus slot machine noise).  The tea brought to the table wasn't to my liking.  The carts came buzzing by and we quickly grabbed:

Ha Gau (Shrimp Dumplings)
Crab Claws
Fried Shrimp Ball
Fried whole Shrimp
Baked Pork over Peanuts

I have to say that everything was good; highlights being the Crab Claws and Fried shrimp.  The Fried shrimp were almost twice as big as Ping Pang and the Crab Claws were bursting with flavor.  Overall, I still like Ping Pang more for the variety and overall quality.  If your on Spring Mountain and you have a taste for Dim Sum, give Cathay House a try.
Went here for dim sum and loved everything except the chicken legs, which I didn't try. Based on dim sum alone, this place is 5 stars but the place was too noisy my  girlfriends and I could barely hear each other... and it wasn't even their peak hours!
I had already eaten lunch, but sampled a few dim sum dishes here - and none were good.

Sticky fried rice with shrimp: horrible! It tasted a week old and the shrimp was off too. 

Coconut yellow custard bun: average. Not very soft. I'm noticing a trend of old, unfresh products.

Roasted duck over peanuts - nobody ate it.

Shrimp chow fun - average, I've had better.

They also ran out of different desserts too. Skip this dim sum spot there are plenty better on Sprint Mtn and Chinatown. Unless you like week old tasting food....
The only reason I come to vegas! Best dim sum I've had outside of san fran, much better than what we have in OC. Not sure how its garnered such poor reviews from people here. Had the dim sum for lunch and going back tonight for a wedding. Yum.
Cathay is A-Ok. Good food, good prices and good for groups. Its not a fancy place to eat but the food is always good. They give you tea which is so refreshing to start your meal.

 Depending on how busy they are really seems to correlate with the service you get. We have been there with great service and then other times I think they forgot we were even there.

It can get really busy there so make sure to go early. The weekends are the busiest but if you go before 11 you should be able to get seated pretty quick.

All in all- a solid place for decent, well priced dim sum!
This place is alright. I didn't enjoy the food much but the rest of the group liked it. The waiters were kind and the food arrived quickly. The good thing about this place is that it's open late. We came after 1am and there was a fair amount of people in here. I guess it's a popular late-night spot.
I wish you could do half stars because it isn't a 3 it's a 3 1/2.  Unfortunately, they are the best dim sum in town.  Ping Pang Pong is way over rated.  Seafood harbor is not really a dim sum place.  And that all day dim sum place is just too dirty and it isn't quite as good either.  If you want dim sum, Cathay House is it.
Service was bad but the food was great.  I thought they were closed when I arrived but by the time I left there was a wait to be seated.
This is one of the worst dim-sum spots I've ever been too. I remember coming here over a decade ago and it ruined our stay weekend in Vegas cause my whole family and I were bathroom-ridden for the rest of the day, bound by the aches of our tummies denying to effectively digest the stuff.

A decade later, I opted to give it one more chance. After all, if they're around after all this time and still standing, why not? Plus, my niece  couldn't get through a casino (I like Ping-Pang-Pong's dimsum), and my brother wanted dimsum soooo Round 2. We made it happen.
 
This place did NOT make it happen. Shoulda took the hint when the only people who were chinese were the staff. Everything was too salty, tasted too old, or wasn't steaming. 

I don't want to get into it... Cause it gets gross from here, but I'll say that those 2-stars go out to the convenience and speed of the place... Because it's pretty empty.
This place has become a must go spot for me whenever we visit Vegas.  They generally have very good dinner service, but dim sum is somewhat lacking behind when compared to other places nearby (although still better than those places down in Chinatown).  The ambience is like any other Chinese restaurants, table placements can be too close depends on where you sit, but it's generally clean.  The service has been decent to average.

Dim sum in the morning is ok, not good, but still not bad overall compared to Chinatown.  I would rate it somewhere in the middle.  Dinner is the best part of this place, they have a great selection of live seafood and often time there are special deals going for live seafood.  I especially like their fresh live shrimps and lobsters.

Overall this place is a must-go for Chinese seafood dishes during dinner time, but for dim-sum in the morning is definitely a secondary choice.
Our hiking group stopped here for dim sum to celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival a bit early.  There were seven of us, and we were seated at a large table by the large glass windows.

Service was excellent.  Since one of the group is a native Taiwanese, she does the selecting and ordering.  We had an array of food - shrimp dumplings, duck on peanuts, a noodle dish, meatballs, excellent fried shrimp, a tasty vegetable dish, pork buns, and some excellent sesame balls with different fillings.

We have made it a tradition to come here twice a year (at least) to have this lunch, and we have always been pleased.  I look forward to it each time.

PS:  I think there was a fellow Yelper at the restaurant.  IF you read this review, I apologize for my uncertainty and not recognizing you.
Dim sum ends at 3pm so note that. Came with my mom and ordered the usual dim sum dishes (chicken feet, shrimp balls, shumai, etc.) Service was fast, but the food was EXTRA greasy (as in, more greasy than typical dim sum food). Beyond the limits of typical Chinese food greasiness.

My mom also ordered some fried squid dish that I've had before at other places but I'm pretty certain it was NEVER AS SALTY AS THIS PLACE'S. WHAT IS UP WITH THE SALTINESS LEVEL OF THAT SQUID, YO? I walked out dizzy from high blood pressure.

It's cheap though so I give them points for that. However, I'm from LA and the verdict here is that I've had better. Way better.
A hidden jewel in the desert. I only go to Cathay House at ridiculous hours of the night... They are open until 5am. The dim dum is incredible and two people can walk in spend 30 dollars, leave full and with two meals of leftovers. The fried rice is the best fried rice I've ever had. I'm almost positive that they use MSG, and for anyone that is a true fan of GOOD CHINESE FOOD, they know that MSG = Makes Stuff Good. Everytime I go to Vegas, I will alway find my way over to Cathay House.
Most of the clientele are Chinese/Asian.  They had everything I could want in a dim sum place and the quality was very good.  I would definitely go back. Plenty of parking in their lot and plenty of tables in the restaurant.  There was no waiting.
Best dim sum in Las Vegas?  Quite possibly.

Before I continue, note, I'm not being racist.  I'm Asian so I feel I can take some liberties when making "generalizations".

You know you are in for a great, authentic experience as soon as you walk in and only see Asians in the restaurant of which more than half don't speak English.

My bud and I, being Asian and both looking Chinese, were warmly welcomed in Cantonese; seated at our table, and never heard a word of English spoken to us for the rest of the meal.  Its OK.  We just pointed at what we wanted to eat from the many dim sum carts.

Service is VERY fast.  Don't let the servers rush you as they try to sell you everything in their cart else you will end up with food for 10 when there are only two of you.

Everything is very fresh.  Common mainstays such as their shrimp dumplings are austere and perfectly prepared the way they should be.  More exotic dishes such as the chicken feet and tripe are excellent.

As other yelpers have mentioned, the food is quite aggressively seasoned.  Its all good if you drink pot after pot of tea.  You really have no choice since the servers seem to watch you like a hawk and change your teapot out after just a few pours.

If you want a very authentic experience and a great meal, this is the place!
Not a big fan of their dim-sum service anymore. Definately not as good as it used to be. Especially after the last couple times they've changed management. We don't usually come here for dim sum anymore. I like going for their late night food. It's cheap and pretty good.
Hmmm, I've been to the Cathay House 2 times in the last 3 months and one time, it was great, the other time, it was barely good.  I hope that doesn't mean you have to go with a Chinese friend for it to be great! lol  They kinda embarrassed me because I took a friend who I'd been telling how great the dim sum was.  I'll still give it 3 stars but if I go next time and the dumplings are not great, I probably won't go back... even though I love their steamed Chinese Broccoli!

Might see ya there.
This place had good dim sum. The staff was actually really nice to us (being that we aren't chinese). I like walking in to see only Asians dining here which means it has to be good. Not dirty. The price was great! A typical Dim Sum place for sure....YUM
We went here about a month ago for brunch/dim sum.

 I had only had dim sum once before, and my wife had never had it. So we weren't too sure what to expect. 

We tried about 8 different items and they were all pretty good. The shrimp balls and shumai were our favorite. 

While we enjoyed our meal, we were disappointed to see the B health dept. rating as we were leaving.
This place is AMAZING!
I'm suprised that there are so many bad reviews.
If you go there at dinner you get a giant bowl of complimentary soup. (Tastes great. :))
Plus, you also get complimentary dessert. :) ( For example, yummy, warm red bean soup. )
If you go there, order the braised sea bass w/ tofu hot pot. It's heaven in a hot pot. :) ($15.95)
Trust me, you won't regret going here. 
It's a must-go when you're in Las Vegas. 
Dim sum is great too; what's up with all the bad reviews?
Finally, most of the stuff here is cheap when you compare it with stuff at Vegas. Depending on what you order, it can be from $8-16. If you order things like abalone, crab, flounder, sea cucumber, or Peking duck, it can be pretty expensive.
How come people only give 3 stars to this place?

THEIR FOOD TASTES GREAT!!!!!!

we ate so much and we only pay $15 per person!

the hakau is realllllly good, the skin is perfect!!!

i love their leek pork and shrimp dumpling, it's sooooo good.

the lomakai has shrimp and lapchiong inside, which is not what you find at other places.

the fried bread is sooo crispy and not too thick!
If you were born and raised in Vegas and have never been to Cathay House, you seriously need to slap yourself in the face and get a grip.

EVERYONE has come here for dim sum at some point in their life. It's so busy. Dim sum is dim sum to me, so I think the food doesn't taste bad. But doesn't taste orgasmic either. Either way, why are you not at Cathay House right now?
I only get to have dim sum with my daughter since the mister doesn't like it...so since my daughter now lives in Cali, I only get to have dim sum when she visits or when I have family in town.

My first choice is Chang's but if I have to be on Spring Mountain to shop then Cathay House is my next choice.   The dim sum here is good, better than some of the other places in Vegas but I grew up in SF so its too hard to compare as I've had some of the best back home...

Get there early as after a certain time, there is only limited things you can get since they stop making dim sum by afternoon.
I have been going to cathay house whenever i feel the need for dim sum. Of course there are a few places off the strip for really good dim sum. I try to spicen up, by going to different various locations. However, this restaurant has been not that great twice. The dim sum has no flavor at all, and if they don't sell the dim sum they go back to the bar where the microwave is and heat it up. they deserve a two star at least, because the waiters and bus boy actually give a better service than the dim sum ladies. They are vey attentive with changing the plates, refilling the hot water in the tea. Off the dim sum, we tried their beef chow fun. There was little flavor, but just something that we could not pinpoint.. I am very picky into how food tastes and i wasn't get anything from cathay house. If you want to try some honest to good dim sum, check out changs hong kong dim sum. The flavors and taste are not that bad.
I frequent 2 other dim sum restaurants in Las Vegas and decided to give Cathay House a try yesterday because they had zagat stickers on their door. The food was absolutely horrible overall. I was with 4 other people and no one had a good experience. A lot of the dishes were cold and some looked and tasted like they were reheated leftovers from another day. The egg custard tasted like old frying oil was used to make it and completely unedible. When we told the manager how bad the egg custard was, he didn't even apologize. He even acted annoyed that we said anything. I would NEVER go back there again. Orchid Garden and Chang's have much better food and service.
My son and I went to Cathay House with some friends because for us adults, we wanted some Dim Sum. I am only giving three stars because one is for clean appearance, 2nd star is for good customer service - we were greeted right away and seated right away as well. The third star was for decent. I got my chicken feet, fried sticky rice, shrimp, and much much more plus desserts.
It is always a blur of frantic Chinese being thrown out, ninja fast finger pointing, and hopes of not regretting the shear volume of food on the table as the first cart pulls away. My family and friends have been coming here for years, the reason, it is just good dim sum. OH! and the chili sauce! Went to Chang's one time to try it out, the dishes were delicious and the service was great, but the lack of the chili sauce keeps me coming back here.

Cathay House sometimes lack in service, and I often have to double check the math because one guy tends to add extra to your bill. Yet I still come back, because they have the largest selection of dim sum and that AWESOME chili sauce. One of my friends and I have a tendency of dipping everything including our char sui bun in this sauce. Don't knock it, the contrast between the sweet BBQ pork and the spice of the oil is magic.

We tend to order the mixed pork and shrimp dumpling, shrimp dumpling in the white skin, steamed BBQ bun, chicken feet, tripe in black bean sauce, shrimp balls, spare ribs in black bean sauce, tofu skin wraps, tendons, shrimp noodles, and the taro cakes. The feast usually ranges around 25-30 dollars.

The best part is if you go with a white friend they will always bring them a fork. It drives my friend nuts. It gives me a warm fuzzy feeling inside while I bust out laughing in her face.
Cathay House has been around for as long as I can remember....so basically since I moved to Vegas in the 90's. It was THE place to go besides "Chang's on Decatur and Trop"....Changs was called something else previously I believe or "Orchid Gardens on Sahara and Lindell". In any case, Cathay House is still the same as I remember it, so loud in there that you can barely hear yourself think. When I go for dim sum, I go for the generic dim sum items. Haw gaw (shrimp dumplings), shu mai, haw churn fun, law may gai (sticky rice in a banana leaf), turnip cake, bbq pork bun, tripe, etc. I don't ever venture away from that with the chicken feet, etc. Overall food is decent...nothing out of this world.  Not the best dim sum I've had, but also not the worst. We came here on a Sunday for lunch for four. Our bill came out to 56 dollars with tip....pricey lunch??? I think it's a bit pricey for Chinese food. Like many Chinese places, service isn't #1 priority, but we made it in and out in less than a hour. I know we will be back, we can't help but go back for more.
After a few hours of dancing at LAVO i needed noodles, more specifically pan fried noodles. And midnight pan fried noodles are even better. I don't remember much from the night, but we found our noodles here, and i think they're actually open 24 hours a day. Thank god for the delicious crunch of midnight pan fried noodles.

Now where did we leave our car?
I've had dim sum in Hong Kong, so I know what dim sum should taste like. Cathay House is close, but no cigar. Their dim sum is just too greasy for my taste. I went there during lunch time and there were a lot of people there so I figured this place must be pretty good. I mean the food is not terrible. It just they are too greasy. Egg rolls I picked up from the cart (You can pick whatever you'd like off of the carts) were too greasy that I let them sit for about 5 minutes and what do you know, a lake of orangeish grease was formed in the bowl. Another thing I didn't like about this place is the service. Except for one lady who was extremely happy that I spoke a little mandarin (thank you) and was willing to help me, all the other staff either was rude or seemed very unhappy. I work at a restaurant so I know even if you are having the worst day of your life, you have to put on a smile when you are around customers. But anyways, overall this place was mediocre at best. Probably won't go back.
We enjoyed ourselves. 
Food + Service + Price = 5 stars.
It might not be as fancy as Noodles, but function matters more than the form.  So far it's the best dim sum place we have been in Vegas.  Until I find a new favorite, I will be going back.
After touring Death Valley, we decided to go to Cathay house as we were looking for some authentic Chinese food.  We were seated immediately after we entered, and the food came out quickly.  

The lobster noodles were good, they get them fresh from the fish tank next to the wall.  Poor lobsters!  But oh so delish.  We also got the pork with the fried skin that people were raving about, and it was goood.  The skin was crispy and the meat very tender.  

Overall I was stuffed and it was well worth the money!  Excellent service, ambiance/decor, good food, at a decent price.  Thumbs up!
Dim sum got cold quick and the service was so so. Unfortunately.

I didn't Yelp. I came here with a group of friends 2 years ago. It was OK. The camaraderie was more memorable.

I came here with one Caucasian this time. It's 11:30 AM on a Saturday. It was not very busy. The wait staff somehow seated 4-people group frist, ahead of us and another 4-people family who had been waiting. Not a big deal.

Dim sum selection was good. But the foods were not hot on the push-cart. And they got cold quickly on the table. Could it be the AC from a distance? I had to ask the servers to get us a few plates straight from the kitchen. Did she just microwave it instead? I cou;dn't tell by the taste.

The wait staffs were reasonably attentive to clear the empty plates and fill the empty tea pot.

I couldn't comment on the actual price since it was a treat by friend this time.

So diners, I hope the cold food was just one time thing. Otherwise it's just the standard dim sum fair for Vegas.
Dim Sum was authentic and decent.  However, selection was very limited.  Lots of Chinese people were here for lunch so that picture painted a thousand words.
We went after 9pm, they have a special menu.  You need to ask for it.  We ordered 9 dishes, these are the ones that suck out in my mind:

1.  Peking Spare Ribs - Flavorful, crispy, and just so good.
2.  Rice soup with shredded pork and preserved egg - not enough flavor.
3.  Fried Flounder - Crispy, fresh, and the sauce on the side was with a hint of spicy
4.  Sliced fish with greens - fish was fresh and soft, needed a little more flavor
5.  Beef stew hot pot - the beef was tender, radish was ok, again the sauce needed more flavor
6.  Beef stew with noodle soup - that was not too bad.  Flavor was there, but the noodles were a little too soft.

Overall everything was not bad, the service was good, and prices are too bad either.
Good place to go for Dimsum.
Lots of seating, so space is not an issue. 
Food is always hot, and price is cheap. 
Lots of selection!
Who doesn't love dim sum? Eating food that you have no idea what it is, is after all, a thrilling experience! Now I've been to Orchid Gardens, Changs and Harbor Palace so figured I would try Cathay House since I hear great things about this place. 

Going during the weekday during lunch can be hectic or not, luckily our group of 4 was seated fairly quickly for a busy lunch hour. Of course just picking items off carts and watching as the ladies play bumper carts trying to pawn off their dishes. I have to say that I did enjoy these eats but I think I still prefer Changs. Their service was a little slow. We waited at least 5 mins for drinks before we flagged down a waiter to order something to quench our thirst since we were already chowing down. Also we had to ask for a few items to be warmed up because they were quite cold. Nobody likes cold shrimp balls, do they? I'm sure the waitress wasn't thrilled with our request as she left her cart behind a patron's seat

Dim sum is always fun to experience so any place you go you'll be in for a treat with their daily selections and the people pushing the carts. Just make sure to stay out of their way so they'll run you over.
DIM SUM! my fave thing, shrimp balls. they're salt/pepp shrimp is comparable here to other places bc it's gross....
I had dim sum there for lunch..  My first experience having Dim Sum.  It was a good one.  Very busy but had a short wait.  Seated in a comfortable booth.  Enjoyed watching patrons pick selections from the carts.  I had to try the chicken feet.  It was an experience that I had to see what people saw in this dish. All dishes were good if picked while fresh and you only had to wait a short time before a cart with fresh food was rolled around to pick from.  I met the manager and was given complimentary rolls.  On a scale of 1-10, I'd rate this resturant a 8.75.
Dim sum done well for pocket change. I always get the chicken feet and char shiu bao. In order to eat some delicious dim sum, you must be willing to make a few sacrifices. 

On busy days, the servers will probably never be there to help you or even bring you water. You must be proactive and actually walk up to these guys. Expect a few scowls from the ladies pushing their carts. No one can be continuously cheerful pushing one of these things all morning. And when they do smile, you know it's gonna be a good day:) 

Oh, and don't wait for your check at the table. Bring your little stamp card up front so they can ring you up. Otherwise, you could be there forever. Why give it 4 stars, you ask? Chinese restaurants are notorious for bad service. I'm grading on a curve.
Omg this place is HORRID! I've never even reviewed a place so low before! 

I'm really disappointed Vegas!

So this has got to be the worst Dim Sum restaurant I've been too. With food and service. Usually service is horrible at dim sum, because its dim sum. They feel the need that they don't need to check up on you, because they have the little ladies with carts going around, and around serving you what you choose. Which isn't that bad.

But this place... As soon as we got seated, they brought out our water in PLASTIC disposable cups, when everyone else had regular re- used washable cups. How do you run out of cups? Very classy for a "nice" restaurant. And we had also got tea, chrysanthemum tea. As I poured it into my tea cup, I looked in and saw that a bug came out of the pot! It was disgusting! We couldn't even get anyones attention to change it out. Or for them to take it away.

Also, our Soy Sauce bottle was empty!! They didn't even notice to give us a new one, we had to switch it out with the table next to us.

And at last,, the food. It was COLD. Dim sum is suppose to be hot. Steaming hot. But it was so cold, it was breaking apart. Horrible I tell you.
Really, really overrated and soon tourists will have the pleasure in paying a 30% premium at the Palms.  

The best story I have is from a late night dinner.  Apparently they have 2 late night menus.  One in Chinese with english translation.  The second is in english.  Apparently the english menu is much more in price.  I can't remember exactly but my friend's mom had to ask the waiter why we were charged more. The waiter responded that we didn't ask for the other menu and therefore were going to be charged the "Non-Chinese" price.  He seemed to not care.  After about 10 minutes of going back and forth, my friend's mom persistence won out and we got the "Chinese" price, which was at least a 30% discount. 

They were pretty rude and it never ceases to amaze me how rude my people can be.  They'll straight out try to hustle you, and when you call them out on it, they'll keep defending it.

On another occasion at dim sum,  a friend of mine saw one of the employees heat the item in the microwave as they were walking through the restaurant.

The food here is average at best.  I never make an effort to go here unless I am being treated.
As authentic as Chinese food gets here. Fairly clean for an Asian restaurant with clashing decorations galore. We had a fairly large party and ordered around 7 dishes. Food is good!
I like this place because you get to eat the moment you sit down. The ladies with cart come right to you and sell you everything in their carts. The dim sum are pretty authentic and tasty. They have pretty much all the regular dim sum you can get from other dim sum places. This restaurant is okay clean and bright inside (with natural light). Prices are reasonable and there is no wait if you get there by noon on a Sunday.
Dinner for four; got seated quickly on a Tuesday night. My bf's parents accompanied us and were quick to order since everyone was famished and wanted to just eat and go.The server seemed nice but the parents mostly dealt with them since theyre the ones who speaks the language and could read the specials printed in Chinese. 
They ordered a few things:
Duck- from what I saw, it was less fatty than other Chinese restaurants we've gone to and were very meaty. Taste wise, my bf said it "tasted like duck from any other Chinese restaurant." 
Oyster hot pot- probably one of my faves here. The oysters were big and juicy and had lots of great flavors.
Beef w/scallions- He said it was "ok" but no one hardly touched it. 
Shrimp and eggs w/green onions- good stuff, loaded with shrimp.
Salt and pepper crab- I don't normally like crab but this was pretty ok.
Fried fish- had no clue what kind of fish this was but it was good. I guess you get this free if your bill is over 100.

And yes, I paid 107 for this dinner so they better have given us that fish! But everyone enjoyed it so it was well worth it.
We got off the plane and headed straight to this place for a late lunch, given the time change.  This might be the first time we've ever done that (that being dim sum straight off the plane), and it hit the spot.  Some of the selections were a little salty, but overall, good dim sum off the carts, and a comfortable dining room.
Fresh Veggies, YAY!  Did my Snow Peas and Broccoli just crunch?  Why YES they did.  Everything is made to order and piping hot which is always a huge plus for me.  Shrimp and Lobster Sauce...EXCELLENT!  Not only are they off The Strip they are also open on a Saturday Night after 10 pm.
SN:  They have a Full Bar with a very capable Bartender.
Been going to this restaurant for years.  The quality goes up and down.  Last Saturday however, we learned that they charge $1 per person for tea.     I don't even drink tea.  I order soda.  They don't even ask you if you want tea they just serve it.  I asked them how they figure who is and who isn't drinking the tea.  They could not give me an answer.  So before you order and they bring you that tea you better make sure you want it and you tell them who are the people who are going to be drinking it.
I came in for dinner but I didn't order so I wouldn't know how to order it next time. That's what happens when I go with my mom and her friends, they order traditional chinese dishes that have no english name. It's frustrating to ask them to explain the name of the dish so I can order it next time, but..... OMG the dishes are soooo good. We had a traditional claypot bowl with lamb and other things, roast duck, vegetables and then of course steamed whole fish. 

I found out they serve dim sum all day, you just need to order from a form. They also have shabu shabu after 9pm.
Pretty good, I felt pretty rushed throughout our entire meal even though there were plenty of seats left.  The ladies were NOT real knowledgeable about the food on their carts.  And they don't communicate in English real well. So from time to time we got pork instead of chicken, 3 pork buns instead of 2, and not so great service.

For instance, the lady at the table next to us had all her stuff on our fourth chair.  We mentioned to the waiter that she had her stuff on our fourth chair and he responded with "I know" and told us to put our stuff on the railing instead. Verse asking her to move it. And PS she almost walked out without it we had to remind her it was there.   So to say they are not to keen on white folk probably is a fair statement.  They also seemed to be getting upset with us when they couldn't answer our questions correctly in English.

Morale of the story: expect decent dim sum and expect to not get exactly what you want
I've been going here for YEARS. I mean like from elementary school to now (college). Always go during the dim sum hours. The food is good. Most of my favorite foods are the shrimp foods. Shrimp noodle, fried wonton, har gow. Their tripe soup is really good also.
Ok so I did like this place considering it was pretty cheap for dim sum. The only issue I had with this place was that some of their food was cold! Mainly the fried stuff. Service was so-so. But I don't expect much from these places. Other than that it was typical dim sum fair. I would go again if I was craving it and I was in Vegas.
Boy oh Boy,  if you are missing dim sum, this is one of the places to go.

1.  Parking - Easy - Strip Mall.

2.  Traffic- This is inside the restaurant, since it is very important for a great dim sum place to have high traffic to keep the food rotating and fresh and hot.  This place is always busy.

3.  Cart Frequency - The frequency of the cart coming around is just right.  Just as we were running out of one type of dim sum and people wanted more, the cart was always a few minutes away. Very easy.

4.  Service - Quick and they will get you your tea, ice water, fork as quick as you can imagine. Perhaps not elegant service, but very efficient.

5.  Food quality - The selection is great and the taste is very good. From the norma favorites such as:

Siu Mai
Cheung Fun
Chicken Feet
Spareribs with black bean sace,
BBQ bun

These are all very tasty!  The waiters will even ome by with specials such as chow mein, or chinese broccoli.  They know how to do it right.

The food quality here is very good, service efficient, and there is plenty of traffic to keep things fresh.  GK says, go for it.
This is the only place I eat Dim Sum. Yummm :)
has a lot of variety of dim sum if you go early. One thing i hate about this place and prevent me from giving it a 5 stars because those ladies who pushed the carts, they're so pushy in trying to put food on your table, there are a lot of things i don't like to eat, and they just placed those plates on my table even though i said i don't want its. Give me time to pick out the dishes i want to order, will ya???
I came here expecting mediocre dim sum, but it was actually good. Not the best dim sum I've had, but it was good.

Its located in a strip mall called Cathay Hills. When I got here for dim sum it was pretty busy but we didn't have to wait long. The frequency of the cart coming around was good. there never was a moment where I had to call for a cart nor look for one because they always came around when we needed something. 

They have a lot of different items here. I loved that they had duck and it was still hot and fresh. The standard dim sum items were good too like the Haw gao and pork dumplings. The fried sticky rice was very good. All of the food was nice and fresh. Good place to go for some hangover food when you are in Vegas.
Super authentic! LOVE IT!

Stopped in here for late night food at 2200 and was surprised that they serve food so late.

This is definitely a FOB-U-LOUS dive-y place.  They had Jellyfish on the menu and of course I HAD to order it.  It was so tasty! I should have ordered more of it.  Where else are you going to find Jellyfish served at 2200???

The fried flounder was also very good.  It's not a lot of meat but it was just enough.  This thing must have been flopping around before it went in the fryer because it tasted really fresh.  YUM!
I hate to give bad reviews but this place was definitely NOT GOOD.
The food here wasn't very flavorful and I'm not super picky on flavor. The chicken looked and tasted like it maybe wasn't chicken... There was a fish tank full of dead fish on display for the diners to see, gross. 

There's millions of places to get Chinese food in Chinatown so I would not recommend this one. 

Also I got sick to my stomach almost instantly after we finished eating. I usually prefer food that doesn't make me sick.
If you go there for dinner you will be pleasantly surprised.  The food is delicious!!  Try the string beans in xo sauce and salt and pepper calamari.  Everything else is standard.  I do recommend this place to all my friends.

If you go for the dim sum you will be disappointed.  Luckily my friends and I don't go there for dim sum.  Haha.

4 stars -- 5 for dinner service (late night chinese baby!) minus 1 for dim sum.
Good food, servers are wearing gloves! Clean place.
Came here with my Chinese friends for Chinese New Year.  They asked for the Chinese menu.  There were 11 of us and the bill was $300.00 including the tip.  Everything was fantastic.  Chinese broccoli, fried rice with scallops, salty fried chicken, a wonderful beef dish with beautiful steamed broccoli and a plethera of other things.  I know there are two menus, English and Chinese.  I have heard that there are different prices between them both.  I wish I read/spoke Chinese because I am definitely going back here.  My husband and I loved it.  It took about 30 minutes for food to come after ordering and everything was piping hot.  I took off 1 star for decor, that could be a bit better.  Other than that, I'm glad I went and look forward to going back again.
I highly recommend Dinner here.  I had been here a long time ago for Dim-Sum and was not that impressed.  I was not buying tonight so I had no choice to go for Dinner, and what a difference it makes.  The Hot and Sour soup was among the best that I have had.  The dishes were brought out as ready and all of the dishes were fresh, one better than the next.  The best was the Roasted Duck.  Highly recommend it - careful as it is easily enough for 4.  At $31 seems expensive but well worth every penny.
I went here for dim sum today with about 6 other people.  It was quite the scene.  Not very many white people, so you know it's authentic :)  but on the flip side they have little tolerance for explaining what things are and often don't' know the words in english.  So you better be an adventerous eater or you might end up with a durian desert.  The plus side is who cares, everything is so cheap.  The wide rice noodle dish was great, so was the duck and pork.  Steamed buns were good, but maybe a little dry.  What an array of dishes.  I would definitely go back.
i have been coming here for years!
i cant say that the place looks great but the food is satisfying...for the most part
you have to be seated where they will see you or the ladies just seem to pass you by and its always hard to order your food if you arent familar with the language, i am a shrimp lover so i always get shu-mi and all the other good stuff.
service is ok...you really have to get their attention..
we havent been there recently but for a family of 4 eating its about $45-50...reasonable considering we get alot
This is a pretty decent restaurant with average-tasting food. This place is considered "pretty good" for a Vegas Chinese restaurant.
Cathay House was my first Dim Sum in Las Vegas and I was impressed.  Shrimp is my favorite dim sum ingredient and at most other places you have to wait and wait for the one cart with shrimp.  Here every cart had different shrimp options ... More than I could try in one meal.  I'll be back to try the others soon.  My friend also ordered his favorite dish off the menu, pork with strawberry sauce.  It sounds odd but tasted good.  I'd put this dim sum experience as better than LA's China Town and slightly below Honolulu's
Just plain good dim sum.  Nothing fantastic but far from bad.  Although upon asking for my 2nd refill of Pepsi the busboy gave me diet instead of regular.  I think he was trying to give me a hint.
I was craving for dim sum and decided to yelp for ones located in Las Vegas's China town.  A couple different options popped up so we just randomly decided on Cathay's.  We arrived around 1pm and dim sum carts were making their rounds and the smell of propane was in the air! They sat us right away and we were served cart after cart after cart. I was very impressed that we didn't have to wait for the next cart of options to come by or for the cart that had our "favorite" dim sum to come back.  We tried almost everything and it was great!  Our water was never half empty and someone was always there  to help as soon as I  looked up to ask a question.  

I'm from San Diego, so our restaurant choices for dim sum are few  and most are just average with horrible customer service.

We had a great experience and I definitely love the food that we ordered.  I can't wait to go back!
Delicious dim sum, large variety, fast service, and decently priced. No MSG overhang afterwards.
I somehow got a menu for Cathay House while dining at the 24/7 Cafe so I ordered some sort of fried rice.

I don't remember much of it but it was great for LATE NIGHT DRUNKEN MUNCHIES!
too bad i threw it all up later.
This was my first experience having "dim sum" and it was great!  I usually don't take chances with new lunch places over an initial business meeting, so I was skeptical to start.  However, after the first bite...wow!  I highly recommend and will return when I visit Las Vegas again.
If I could give them a 'No Star' rating, I would.  WORST SERVICE EVER!  I've been to numerous dim sum places around town, but have never been passed up and ignored so much in my life!  NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN.

Go to Orchid Garden on Sahara. Do it.
I founded this restaurant by mistake, We were looking for an argentinian restaurant they're in the same plaze and the argentinian looked really bad, around 10:30pm, hungry and very dissapointed left that restaurant in search for the place I was going to settle for dinner that night, and what a surprise, I go to this place and is one of the best chinesse restaurants I ever have, Non grease and very tasty, I'm a regular at this place, every time I'm in vegas is a must have!!!!
My recommendations are:
Salt and pepper shrimp, Combination fried rice, String beans w/chicken; ask for everything spicy, and if you are getting drinks for the bar, make sure you ask with no ice and get the ice on the side ;-) I know why I'm telling you and you have to trust me on this one.
I love DIM SUM! Those little small bite-sized dishes always get me. I enjoyed eating at the Cathay House Restaurant with my boyfriend and his mother. It was a good place to hit up! My favorite dish here was the steamed bums and those sesame balls that are like extremely dense but delicious.

I left feeling like I had a food baby inside of me because I was stuffed beyond belief. I guess you can get carried away eatings Dim sum because they are served in the small plates that you can lose track of what you have eaten!

The service was not very well...I think one of the ladies that was pushing the cart was having a bad day....and they never refilled our waters.
Overpriced. Mediocre dim sum. 

No one from Vegas really comes to this dim sum place anymore ever since they switched owners. And I can see why! I thot I'd give it a try...well once was enough to have me not coming back. 

Rude Asian servers. Normal dim sum food. Pricier than the other dim sums. You give me a reason to come back...smh.
It's hard to rate this place properly.

If I were to rate them on food, I'd give 4-5 stars. It's some of my favorite Chinese food in the city. Their hot and sour is my favorite one of all Chinese places I've been. The rest of their menu is also containing items made just right.

If i were just rate them on service, I'd give them 2-3 stars. More often than not, they're pretty rude. Especially if you don't know they have a credit card minimum. They have more than enough business to allow a credit transaction of any amount. They don't exactly struggle like a lot of other places to justify that. And they're not nice about it - to me anyway. More than once.

The place is nice inside, and deceptively large. I like it, I just have to ignore the service.
Dim sum is good, service not so much.
I would've given this place another star if it still had the same owner/management. After the change about 4 years ago, things weren't the same anymore. My family and I used to go here all the time since 1996 but not so much anymore.

Dim sum is from 10:30am to about 2pm. The food still tastes good but sometimes they get extra oily. I'm glad the server we've had for years still works there - he's the only one who gets it right the first time and he's friendly. 

I always get the same dim sum items: shumai, roasted pork, hargao, steamed BBQ pork buns (bao), shrimp balls, shrimp wontons, chinese broccoli, sweet tofu and sesame balls. From the regular menu: fried chicken, yang chow fried rice, honey walnut prawns, and salt and pepper pork.
Absolute worst service I've ever had, and I've been to a lot of Chinese restaurants. All the other times I've been here, nothing worth mentioning, but the most recent time will be my last time.

Now I don't know who all the titles of the staff, so I'll just refer to them as waiters and busers. I think we had 2 servers and 2-3 busers throughout the course of our meal.
2-3 because I think I saw two busers that looks identical, and I'm not being racist because I'm Chinese myself, so I'll just count them both as one person.


We first get there and put in our order. I didn't keep track of time, but probably after 20-30 minutes we get our appetizer, still no soup though and that's supposed to come first.  Buser #1 delivers the appetizer but practically drops the dish on the table with a loud thud and immediately walks away. About 10-20 minutes later the other dishes started coming. The worst dish was the sizzling pepper steak. The thing about this dish is when it comes to your table, the steak is supposed to be sizzling in the metal tray. In our case, it came out at room temperature (meat and metal pan), so as you can expect, absolutely no sizzle.

Sometime throughout the meal, we asked Buser #1 if we're supposed to get soup. He responds by saying don't ask him, ask the waiter. So we ask one of the waiters and he apologizes and says he'll get us soup. About 10 minutes later, we still haven't received the soup so we don't really bother anymore. The waiter walks by and asks if we have received our soup yet, which we said not yet, and he could tell by the lack of soup bowls. He immediately gets someone (again) to bring out soup. This time, Buser #2, puts the bowl of soup down, not sure where his mind is at, but drops the soup spoon into the bowl and splashes all of us with soup, my mom suffering the most splash damage. He says sorry once, but for an incident like that, I think you should be more apologetic.

After a few more dishes arrive, we ask for rice, which is not something that you should need to do yourself at a Chinese restaurant.

Finally when we're done eating, we ask Buser #1 for some to-go boxes. He goes and brings back boxes and before he walks away says "Ask someone else to do it". WTF kind of attitude is that?

In the end, they had the audacity to charge us 18% gratuity on a party of 4 with dreadful service. 

Overall the food was decent, but it was PAINFUL to eat with that degree of service.
After my second visit to Cathay House for Dim Sum, I'm giving them another star.  The food is excellent, the service is speedy and the prices are very reasonable.
It must be Sunday, that's the day my husband and I usually eat dim sum.  Today, we are trying Cathay house, haven't been here in a while and our usually haunt is very busy, so we took a chance and thought we might be faster getting in here and we were right, got seated right away and the food carts came rolling up.

The selection at first seem vast and our table was soon covered with the little plates, bamboo baskets and bowls of steamed goodies.  But by the time I got to my third choice it was very similar to the last, it seems we had choose almost all shrimp and they were beginning to taste the same. 

Although everything was fresh and service was great, it seem to me that it all tasted the same and I was disappointed in the end.
After a Saturday night after a night of pool, we got here around 1:00 am and was seated right away.  I was surprised there were 30 people or so in the restaurant at that hour. It is a large restaurant, clean, but kind of banquety' 80's looking. 

Although I was not that hungry, I've been craving duck, so I got half a roast duck. My husband ordered from the late night dim sum menu-shrimp dumpling, won-ton soup,  shrimp shumai.   Food came out promptly but not suspiciously quick.  Beyond my expectations, the duck was really crispy and not the least bit greasy, but the sauce which thankfully came on the side was not good or needed.  It was an artificial gingery tasting glop mess.  My husband loved the won-ton soup and ordered another bowl, and thought the shrimp dumplings and shumai were solid, but nothing special.   However, we concluded our meal with the thought that coming during dim sum cart service hours may be promising.    

With only two people working the front of the restaurant, once we got our food our waiter didn't come back until he thought we were done and we had to wait a long time to settle our bill.  However, overall service was decent.

I've been wanting to try this place for a while now; so glad I did and we will be back for a full dim sum service.
Best combin ation fried rice! Great place for dim sum.
visiting from San Jose, CA.  checking out LV Chinatown. 
Sunday noon.  not super busy.  they seat us, but no water, tea, or settings.
I go get our own water.
after a while, I try getting some place settings.
then, I have to take plates from an unoccupied table.
have to flag a bus boy to get us some tea.

we did not seem to have any server assigned.
carts come around, we start picking food.

makes us wonder if we just wander out, would anyone know.  since we didnt have a server.

no tip.

pork ribs kinda fatty.
otherwise food seems good.

so I think some others thought:  real Chinese place--decent food, just poor service.
Used ot love this place...it was up there for more hong kong style fried stuff but i won't be back now...got stuck int he overflow back room 2x in a row.  Our fault - we arrived late on a Sunday both times and have to expect to get jammed whereever you can.  Problem is both times the dim sum was cold...okay that happens and we get it.  Being the realist that I am we ask about the temp of the item first, then ask to have it reheated if its noodles or something that can be re-heated...no big deal right?  These last two times (over 4 week period) the server either blew us off (1x) or reheated to the point of destroying the item (radish cake - pretty easy to reheat)...however that wouldn't have done it for me.  Again - the front dining room is nice and most of the dishes are above par...however when digging in to a plate of chow fun w/ XO sauce I ate something crunchy...with legs...and a shell...and antennae...and upon inspection noticed there was more than one of these critters on the plate.  Not going back again - not that I'm squeemish but heck...i hate roaches or critters of any kind and don't like cold dim sum...or sittling in cramped back rooms...  

I gave two stars because the server was pretty cool and comped the meal and the food
I'm not a fan of Chinese food but this place I enjoyed the food.
Awesome, best Chinese food in Vegas even at 2 am in the morning.
First time going to this place, the food was great ordered the lo mein and beef with strawberry sauce.  Also ordered a couple of dim sum dishes - shu mai and hargow.  Definitely a place to come back again, the dim sum I think is a bit pricey imho.
This used to be my go to spot for dim sum but as of recently I have decided to take a break from here and go else where.. Sorry Cathay...

The last time I went to C.H. we got our usual variety of little dim sum dishes but as my mother bit into one of the fried shrimp balls she immediately spit it out.. It was bad.. Not bad as in bad tasting but bad as in "gone bad.." ewwwww!

We flagged down the server and told him.. He told us to tell the cashier.. When we went up for the bill and explained to the cashier our little situation, she said we had to talk to the server... WTF! So we went back to the table and flagged down the server who then flagged down the manager. We explained what was going on and the manager said "Sorry, we still have to charge you for it since you ate it.." At this point I was beyond annoyed and explained to him the difference between us not being pleased with the dish and the dish being unpleasing because it had turned bad.. I showed him how we did not touch it besides the little bite that was spit back out and that maybe he too should try the nasty thing....!!! He then was like "oh....ok... we will take it off for you ..." Didn't even say sorry! 

UGH!!! bad service and bad food that day!!!! Was definitely a sour situation...! Pun intended~


Tip: they only carry hot chili oil.. I, personally, like the red chili sauce with my dim sum..
Been here before for late night munching.  Finally came with my out-of-town family for Dim Sum on Thursday for lunch.  It was surprisingly crowded. 

Excellent dim sum offering.  They offered many types of dumplings, as well as roasted meats, steamed vegetables, and mini stirfried plates.  The carts came every few minutes.  I will say it was a bit overwhelmed at one point, but I appreciate they were frequent and had an abundance of offerings. They even offered my beloved roast duck on one cart... I was about to order it off the menu.  The only negative was that we asked for water as we sat for lunch but didn't get it until we asked for the 3rd time, which was almost at the end of our meal.  

5 people and less than $80 bucks including the $12 tip... so much food, so good, so cheap, and so impressive to guest!  Great way to show off the unique food offerings in Vegas.
Late nate Chinatown Vegas eats!

Cathay House has pretty good hours for those looking to eat a late dinner. They're open up to 5am (almost 24 hours- they open at 10am and close at 5am.)

I came here for a late dinner and there were several folks who were also late night dining. This place seems to be known for their dim sum and at night time, they do offer some of their dim sum. We got a couple orders of their pork and shrimp siu mai. Aside from this, we ordered the wonton soup, pork chops, tofu with veggies and the chicken fried rice.

The wonton soup was a nice starter. It had tasty broth and soft dumplings filled with pork. Next up for us was the pork and shrimp siu mai. It's no wonder their dim sum here is popular, because the pork and shrimp siu mai was delcious!  Our main courses of pork chops and tofu with veggies did not disappoint either. The pork chops were nice and crispy. They were also pretty lean. The tofu with veggies had a good mixture of greens and slices of tofu. All the dishes went well with the chicken fried rice. Portion wise was decent though the pork chop seemed fewer than what I've seen before. The rice was plentiful but not too much chicken. It was decent though and there was food for to-go!

Not only was the food good, the price here was decent too with the bill just around $44
Love it, almost every time to Vegas got to have dim sum at Cathay House. Everything is good! don't miss it.
Very good Dim-Sum. Cheap and tasty.  Best I had in Vegas
[Review for DIMSUM only]

I'm sure you've needed to buy a car - a brand-spanking-new one OR a semi-whored-out-used version - at one point in your life and have experienced a nagging-dying-to-complete-a-sale-to-take-out-a-chick-salesperson. It wasn't the greatest of experiences right?

Well, meet the DIMSUM version.

I really wonder if these ladies work here on a full commission basis OR have been set STRICT ASIAN QUOTAS (those having worked overseas OR know someone who does may have learnt at some point how some retail outlets staff actually have DAILY quotas to meet...OR else ADIOS bish). They sure fly around in their dimsum carts like the establishment is a go-cart-track...and pushing for sales a LOT more aggressively than I would say a carsalesperson would at the end of the month.

Best part? The moment they knew I spoke Chinese...they went gung-ho-YOU-need-MORE-meat-on-you-SON-"YOUTOOSKINNNNNNNNNNNNNY" on me. (Bish, please...you look anoxeric! Maybe?) Well, they still WON...since I tend to be a pushover with asian-aunties-battling-menopause and their dimsum carts...and found my small table for 2 with food for at least 5 gargantuan eaters.

Yet, this place, which was recommended by locals (asian ladies that you'd find working at the hotels and casinos that I randomly started conversations with to ask for tips on LOCAL food joints), isn't that great. (I think I got trolled.)

Oilier dimsum...below average quality (just seems like the food sat out a little too long as well as tasting rather bland...)...and ISN'T PIPING HOT...meh

But what really killed it for me was this ever present sour taste that wasn't vinegar...and if you know your dimsum (OR even any other food in general)...this ISN'T A GOOD SIGN. Maybe, the health department might have to come over for an (S)INspection...before, as comedian Russel Peters imitates his dad, "Somebody Gonna Get a Hurt Real Bad".

If you're craving dimsum, I'd say...just wait until you get out of Vegas and hit a real spot instead. And if you HAVE to be here, please don't order the dimsum BUT order ala carte dishes instead - at least if the food isn't that fresh, the raging fire under the wok will fudgingly kill everything in it.

It may just save you a trip to the porcelain throne of shame. (Don't ask).
Ohh, I am so sorry that Jireh H. on 12/4/12 had such a bad experience at Cathay House.  I have been visiting them for years and always come out as stuffed as their many dumplings.  My husband and I go back and forth between Cathay House and another popular nearby dim sum restaurant.  Cathay House has excellent dim sum and one of their best plates is the sliced barbeque pork that is so tender and tasty, it is worth ordering extra to bring home.

They are very attentive and while my husband and I like to load up our plates so we can have the workers take away the "evidence" of so many plates that we ordered, we can't hide the bill when it comes or the amount of food we order to bring home so we can eat it again the following day.  

Their eggrolls are filled with shrimp.  Excellent noodle dishes and pork cilantro dumplings are yummy.  Everything is good and just writing this review, I am ready to return yet again.
'
From the reviews, it looks like this place is hit and miss.  However, I wish anyone who likes dim sum to give this place a try.  Totally worth it.
Great place for Dim Sum. Food quality was great and they had plenty of items to choose from. We had large party of 25 people and they were able to meet our accommodations quickly.

Food service was great, the cart ladies were constantly making their rounds and they made sure our tummies were full. We definitely did not miss out a thing!
Wasn't really planning on Dim Sum in Vegas but dad wanted to try the dim sum in this county so I was like ehhh okay....he even bought with him a Chinese newspaper that listed some Asian restaurants in the area...therefore we ended up in this restaurant for dim sum. The place was easy to find....pretty much all the Asian restaurants are located near or on Spring Mountain Rd. This is a small dinky restaurant but I was surprised by the hours they are opened - from 10:30 am to 5 am 7 days a week....I figure they don't make much money. We got there just 30 minutes after opening and it was quite and there were already some patrons.

They have the dim sum carts here not the ones you order on a paper so that was good. The food, in my opinion was pretty bad....the lady was telling us the food is fresh and just came out but it was warm instead of steaming hot. The skin of the rice rolls were too thick and the sui mai and beef balls lacked taste. The only dish I liked was the Shredded pork and thousand year old egg porridge...that was hot and just the right texture. The Sticky Rice with Chicken was okay but there was more radishes in the beef tendon bowl then there were beef tendons. 

The selection of food was meager and not a lot of unique dim sum choices but that was expected I guess. The service was eh...they weren't busy but took a long time for them to refill our tea pots. By the time we left, they got a few more diners. This place was pretty weak - but eh I really didn't expect much in the first place.
SHO GOOD.

Came here for a graduation dinner and the food just kept on coming.  

Things I remember before I was blinded by a plate bigger than my upper body of lobster:

Black bean fish
Honey walnut shrimp
Chinese brocolli
Duck
Lamb
Clay pot beef

The waiters made up for a lost pre-ordered food list by giving us a discount for the lobster. Service was alright for a Chinese place, but food was just delectable!  

Pretty big space as well.
The food is cheaper than the strip. But it is for the low quality food.
When we arrived, there were many people at the door. But there were still many empty tables. I would give them 1 star for the service. 
I ordered goat hot pot (), Vegetable beef () and hong kong style sweet and sour spare ribs (). All of them are salty. There could be some extra MSG. After the meal, I was so thirsty. I had to drink 2 bottles of water. The food quality is way below the average. 
I give them 2 stars to acknowledge their low price for a restaurant  But the rest are disappointed. It is better to go to chinese food session in the cheap buffet or go to panda express.
Dim sum in Vegas with the FAM bam... Of course. Subpar dimsum in comparison with the places in LA's SGV, but def not bad for Vegas Chinatown. 

Service was decent for our party of 18 but the fact that they tacked on the standard white restaurant gratuity fee of 18% on our bill left a bad taste in my mouth...
The food here is good. I can't complain. But I feel it is a bit overpriced. Not my number one choice of Chinese restaurants, but I'll have dim sum or a late night meal if people want to go. If you want good chinese food that is on the higher end of the price range, this is the place for you.
Probably my favorite Dim Sum place here in Vegas. Not great, but its decent, quick, and easy. Coming from Southern California I have always had the luxury of good Dim Sum places. Since I'm stuck here in Vegas, this place works for me whenever I have a craving. Never had an issue here yet. Service is good and the price point is decent.
Great Chinese dim sum in the Vegas area. Came with 6 hungry guys and ordered sooooo many dishes. Price was fair for the food. Service was great but not sure if it had anything to do with me speaking Chinese to them. But this is one of the spots I come to before my flight back home. Easy to get to from the strip also
Wasn't too hungry when I came here so didn't try as many items as I would normally get. 

Pros: Their dim sum is quite good, portions generous, and not too greasy and very affordable.

Cons:  
Was hoping to try some of the mochi durian balls pictured on yelp but they didn't have it rolling around in carts. The selection was kind of limited when we were there. We'd see the same things carted around and no new dishes coming out of the kitchen. What's up with that?
-Customer service wasn't that good, when I asked for certain dim sum items that I didn't see on the carts, they didn't place an order or check to see if there were any in the kitchen.

Pros outweigh cons so will be back on my next visit.
My brother, friend, and I  went in here for lunch to get some dim sum.  It was very good.  Good portions and reasonable prices.  Will definitely come here again if I'm in the area.  Highly recommended!
Came here for dim sum on a Saturday morning. It was a bit crowded and the wait was about 15-20 minutes for three people. They sat us in a corner so the food carts didn't come continuously. The food was good for my dim sum craving. 

We had the "si mai" (yellow pork steamed dumplings with mushroom and a red dot sometimes.. excuse my pronunciations) That's usually what I get at dim sum and it was pretty good. Also had the "hai cau" which is the white/translucent steamed dumplings with shrimp inside. I didn't know some of the translations in Chinese so I do what I usually do which is point when I see something on the cart I like. The other dish we got was the white folded slippery noodle sheets with shrimp on the inside and soy sauce. That's usually my favorite dish. The last one we had was the sticky rice in the banana leaves. That was delicious. 

It's a little frustrating when I want something, but I don't see it so I can't point. The next time I go I will probably just memorize the pronunciations of the food I want. Language barriers are the last thing you want to deal with when you are hungry and can't describe the food you want to eat, but you know it's sitting somewhere in that cart of silver trays. 

Casual dress. Good price. $30 for three people is usually what you get for dim sum. I've been to better dim sum places, but I've also been to pretty bad ones so this place is somewhere in the middle and I wouldn't mind coming back for dim sum when I'm in Vegas.
I went for Dim Sum lunch on an early Friday afternoon.  It was located on Spring Mountain Rd near S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas in a small strip mall.  They were packed with almost all Asian customers speaking their native tongue.  The noise level was extremely loud.  I was hoping to make a phone call while dining, but there was no way I could talk on the phone.

The server came up to me speaking Chinese. I don't speak or understand Chinese.   I looked at him and asked him for some water and tea.

A cart came around a few minutes later.  I pointed to the Shiu Mai and Shrimp Har Gow. The 4 Shiu Mai had the red fish eggs on top.  The items on the cart were steaming, but this dish was luke warm.  The 4 Shrimp Har Gow had whole and chopped pieces of shrimp.

The 2 Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf (Loh Mai Gai) were flavorful.  They were generously filled with with chicken, Chinese mushroom, Chinese sausage, scallions, and dried shrimp.  They were one of the best I've had in a long time.

The 3 Deep-fried glutinous rice dumpling with pork (Haam Sui Gau):were hot and freshly fried.  They were stuffed with pork and dried shrimp and even some Chinese sausage.  

The Steamed Pork Spare Ribs with Black Bean Sauce had little cubes of acorn squash which was different.

The 3 Baked Sweet Buns had no filling.  I would not order them again.

The 3 Custard Tarts (Dot Tot) had lots of crust.  It was a little on the soggy side and the custard was a little too soft.

I was able to get a couple of To Go boxes and the check without too much difficulty. I would come back since this is where the natives go but the noise level was something else.
This used to be the number one dim sum place my family and I would go to for years. It's generally always pretty busy. There would be a line of people waiting outside to get seated for lunch. A bustling restaurant is a good sign that it's great. However, in this past year things have changed drastically. The service isn't that great as said in many reviews prior to mine. I understand there may be a language barrier, but at least wear a smile on your face for your dining guests who question what sort of dishes are being presented to them. A lot of the servers do not know how to properly explain what the dishes consist of. Several of our dim sum dishes came out cold that day and also tasted stale, they were not fresh at all! Which was very surprising since we had arrived very early to opening time. You shouldn't get cold dim sum around then. So that was pretty disappointing. Hopefully the service and food will be up to par if I happen to eat here again in the near future. But as of right now, I don't see myself coming back any time soon.
After a long SUNday of spin class at 24 hour fitness, friends and I wanted to treat ourselves. Since we were on Spring Mountain, a friend suggested Cathay House.

I was eager to try this place as I've heard about this place; mainly because it's a late night dimsum spot open late.....maybe 4am???

Ordered the usual egg custard bun, noodles, duck, shrimp hargaw.
It was my 1st time there and I wasn't impressed. I was more so dissappointed. 
Especially when I bit into my egg custard bun; and didn't get oooooozyyyy goooooey egg custard goodness coming out of there. =( HOW LAME!
Of course, Imma compare this place to my fave spot (East Ocean DimSum) and it pales in comparison. 

If it's uber late and I'm craving dimsum; I guess, I'll come here again. Whatevs.
So many better places on Spring Mountain.  One dish tastes likes the next at this joint.  The "white" chicken is anything but.  Cathay was once one of the best in town.  Not any more.  As they say, "no more business from me to you!"
The quality of the food is excellent.  I like pretty much any of their soups and I love the chicken with pea pods meal.  It comes with a ton of pea pods.  This place has extended hours so you can eat until probably 3 or 4 am here.
I've only been here twice and I also have yet to venture out to other dim sum restaurants in Vegas. But I love this place. It reminds me of home (Hawaii) It actually more specifically reminds me of Legends, except smaller. 
The dim sum is delicious. It's nice that the dim sum area is smaller so that you don't have to wait for the cart to go around the entire restaurant to get what you want.
The prices are also very decent. I think I paid $30-$40 for 3 people.
Location is right off of Spring Mountain Road & parking lot always has stalls available (free). 
The staff is very friendly and fast. 
Dining area is very clean.
Place opens at 10:30am on weekdays.
Good Dim Sum, not a huge verity but what was there was very good. Well worth the trip.
When is the best time to eat Chinese food? If you thought late at night when your really hungry and nothing will do a better job, you sir/miss are correct. This was my first time here, coming with my girlfriend who was been here a multitude of times. As you enter it seems like it is a very small place, but of course on closer inspection it is a larger place, with a lot of random rooms in the back for what I would guess would be for accommodating more people. We were quickly sat down, no need to wait.

We were given our menus and time to scan through it to see what we would like, it was a large selection but still seemed like it was small for a Chinese joint. We ended up ordering 3 orders of bbq pork steam buns, house fried rice, some spicy sort of chicken thing, and a cup of soup each. While we waiting for our food I noticed a different menu and it was huge! So I grabbed it to check it out and it was the menu that they give to the Chinese customers. It kinda made me disappointed since I would have easily eaten chicken feet and beef tripe. Next time I am there I will  have to ask for the Chinese menu not the "American" one. 

All in all I really loved the taste of the food here, large portions that we both somehow were able to finish off! I would recommend this place and will take my friends here for late night Chinese.
Not sure why all the big dim sum places are 3-3.5 stars here in Vegas. Anyways...

I've been eating at Cathay house since I was a kid and I gotta say a lot has changed throughout the years. First big change was the shift of employees over to Chang's many years ago and now the big change in customer service. Back then, the food was so-so and the service even more "meh." Now, I'd have to say that Cathay House has the best dim sum in town! Food was not served cold and the same cart would come around my table at LEAST 3 times. The dim sum wasn't gross and greasy either, which is a big plus. All in all, the quality of food has improved a good amount.

However, what compels me to write this review is the major improvement in customer service. I came with a large party during lunch hours. It took a little long for us to get a table since we came during the peak hour. I noticed the back room was open and not all the tables were full, so I asked the hostess if we could just be seated there. THIS CLEVER WOMAN replies "I'm sorry, we only have two waiters working that room together and I don't want you to have bad service." It was such a perfect answer I couldn't argue back. After my dining experience, I was glad we waited the extra 5 minutes for a table to clear just so we would truly have customer satisfaction.

As of right now, Cathay House is my favorite dim sum place in town, mostly because of a recent bad experience at Chang's. However, PLEASE avoid Orchid Garden for dim sum. I noticed they have 3.5 stars right now on yelp, but please if you care about the people you are dining with, you should not support their business! Instead, come to Cathay House! :D
"Meh. I've experienced better." 
From the Cathay House of about 2 or 3 years ago, no less. I wonder what happened? Cathay House used to be a go-to for my friends and family, but somehow the overall quality has been declining, and this last visit made us realize that. 

The dishes now have simple, fundamental issues with them, like very thick dumpling skin that sticks to the dish, and vegetables that are not very fresh and crisp. The tea was clearly oversteeped. The highlight of the meal was actually the tripe, which was very clean and had great texture. Have prices creeped up over the years? We racked up a $70 bill for what didn't seem like very much food, especially in between all the limp veggies and half-filled dishes.

The service and cleanliness have also gone downhill; where I feel like Cathay House used to clearly be the nicest dim sum place in Chinatown, I can no longer say the same. While the servers are fairly patient and accommodating as usual, one of our party observed that some of kitchen staff don't perform the required hand wash after a bathroom visit, and that they were talking on their cellphones in the kitchen! I'm not sure what to think, between being disappointed, and being hopeful that Cathay would return to its former glory, but I do know that for the first time we'll be looking for a new dim sum place.
We hadn't eaten here for years but loved it back in the day.  We wanted dim sum and items off the menu.  It was not busy but the young man who seated us was clearly annoyed at something.  We gave him our water order and he mentioned to a table of employees counting out cash that we would need dim sum.  Had to ask the young man a 2nd time if someone would be coming by with the dim sum cart.  In full view of us the eyes rolled and a woman stopped counting cash with the other employees and without washing her hands (ugh) brought the cart by.  The cart came by a total of twice throughout the meal.  There was a noticeable amount of dust on all of the wood separating the booths. GROSS.  Our server was very good however as was our chow mein ordered off of the menu.  We will not be back.  If the owner/owners were on site they clearly do not concern themselves with cleanliness or customer service.  If they were not there they need to be.  Counting out cash at a table with patrons watching and waiting for food and then not washing hands?  Geez.
alright dim sum. nice and cheap though
Dim Sum give me some ! Love this place it is my place of choice for yumminess and the price is reasonable in comparison
Dim sum is awesome.
I've been coming here since I was a kid and it's so nice to be able to now bring my daughter. This is by far my favorite Dim Sum restaurant . And they always crack me up because every time I ask for something, they always say,...."later, later" hahaha.

I enjoy coming here on Sundays and try to come between 11a-12p because that's when you start getting more of a crowd so the food is always coming out fresh and hot. Oh and my new favorite addition to their menu is the mayonnaise shrimp, hmmmmm
When you walk in, there are different rooms to sit in and there was no wait when we got there around 11am.  I feel that all dim sum places taste the same. Everything tasted exactly how it was suppose to taste.  Service was super fast at first but then it go super crowded and service started to slow down.  The best thing that I ate here, and I am still craving, is the famous egg custard bun!  oMG it was the best thing I've eaten in a long time!  We had one order and of course, I had to order some to go!  It was a great dessert after being in the sun and pool!  Bill came out to about $80 for 5 people...not bad!

NOTE:
-just order the egg custard bun to go (YOU'LL WANT MORE!)
-One bathroom (kinda dirty)
Awesome food!  Dim sum is the best in town and I always look forward to stopping by for the food and at reasonable price.  There is always people here for Dim sum too...
Really reliable Chinese open late. We've been here about 4 times now and never disappointed. Love the wonton soup and dumplings.
Not to sure what has happened to this place. The staff is rude and the Dim Sum is cold and tasteless. You can get better Dim Sum in Salt Lake City, not a good sign.
Ok I think it's time that I write a review for Cathay House.

Here's the most important thing to know about this place
1.  Don't come for the ambiance
2. DO COME FOR THE FOOD!

Been coming to this place for a couple of years... My favorite dish here is the 
SOY SAUCE NOODLE!  Oh how I dream of you!
Simple: Egg noodle, sprouts, onions..... THAT's IT.. and yet OH SO GOOD!

DIMSUM - FANTASTIC
Starts at 10:30am.  SUGGESTION:  Don't get so much until about 11AM..
You mostly get all the steamed dumplings, chicken feet when they first open.  After 11AM... the rest comes out.  crispy pork, bbq pork (sliced or rib), chinese brocolli, fried shrimp, Fish...... 

And the best thing ever.... They are OPEN TILL ABOUT 4AM/5AM!!!!

After a night out in Las Vegas..
Sometimes... you just need some good asian food to soak up all the "fun stuff" you consumed that night!

ENJOY!
Cathay House is my "go to" place for group dinners any time I'm in Vegas.  I'm from the San Gabriel Valley in CA which is home of Chinese restaurants, and Cathy House is on par with the best of them. I admit that I've only gone for dinner, so can't comment on their dim sum.  Went there this past Saturday with a party of 8.  Service was excellent.  Our waiter was very attentive, gave good recommendations for food, and had a great sense of humor.  He had all of us rolling on the floor.  Everyone walked out of there stuffed to the gills.  And....Cathay House is one of the few Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas (not in a hotel) that has a full bar.  Another big plus.

Definitely recommend!
This used to be our favorite dim sum place over the years.  For some reason , it s gotten worse and worse every time we go back the last 3 years.  Flavorless, cold and some are rotten.  The only thing that is worth mentioning are the dim sum carte ladies, they are helpful, friendly and pleasant.  There is this older manager  guy is extremely  rude. its very disturbing to see how he treats the dim sum ladies. We visited on  Sunday,  8th of September and it would be our last.
I was craving dim sum late night, and this was the only place that was open. Since I've been craving dim sum for a few months now, this place got lucky that I devoured everything in front of me. The bad news, I got food poisoning. I knew there was something wrong with the pork shumai when it reeked of bad pork and the cavier on top was still gooey on top, but I was beyond hungry and going through one of my cravings so I forged ahead. There is a limited dim sum menu for night time. Here is the breakdown: Edible and decent: sweet custard buns and shrimp balls. Reminiscent of dim sum: banana leaf sticky rice, shrimp potstickers and pork buns. Either bland or bad: pork shumai and shark fin potstickers. I heard there are much better places to go for dim sum in Vegas...so don't go here for it, unless it's really late and you are beyond crave monster status. FYI - I saw a family order 7 orders of fried rice...maybe that is what I should have ordered....
Still over priced for the dim sum offered. Service is still not the best but it's typical for these establishments.  The food is good, menu items also good not excellent and their homemade hot sauce is great for dim sum. Sometimes they run out and serve sambal. Tip: You have to be very assertive to get what you want.
Would not recommend. This place is extremely slow. I came with my family for my birthday and we ordered about 8 dishes and the dishes came out 1 by 1 like 10-15minutes at a time. At this rate I am able to pass my first serving by the time our whole order even gets here. They claim that it is really busy, I look around, plenty of empty tables. Sigh.
My family and I were pretty stoked for some boiling crab, but we didn't know it doesn't open until 3 on Fridays. We somehow made our way to Cathay house for some dim sum.

We got here around 130, it was pretty easy to get some seating. They had a bunch of carts going around so finding food was definitely not an issue, which was good because we were starving.

Service: not very many people to help us, but that was pretty unnecessary since we filled our table with food the second we say down.

What I liked: fried noodles, it was pretty basic. Didn't have too much taste but it was good enough for seconds
Shumai: pretty flavorful and very addicting
Shrimp gow: it's just a must if you're eating dim sum:

Let down: the duck. I was pretty excited and basically the only person at the table that wanted it. I think everyone else was right because I've definitely tried better 

Price: the price wasn't too bad. If you're from the bay and you're used to buying a bunch of dim sum for $10, don't come here because you'll probably be disappointed 

If I need a quick bite and I'm around the area, I would come here. It's not a place I would crave though.
I heard from the locals, this restaurant has been there FOREVER!!! 

Crowded even during weekdays. Wait time about 20 minutes. Dim Sum almost everyday. 

4 people, 11 dishes... after tax $46. And we walk out FULL & HAPPY!!!

Love dim sum because it is like tapa style, you can share the dishes with other and try many different dishes. 

Quality of the food, average. Service is fast. We are in & out within an hour.
This was my first time having dim sum and it was good. Everything was tasty. But left me feeling lazy, greasy, and heavy. This place probably uses msg in their dishes because we didn't order a lot.
It's DimSunday and here we are. I haven't been here in YEARS. It was a packed house and the carts were zoomin'. 
Everything was good here especially the pork shumai, and CRISPY PORK!!! AWWW YEAH! I spotted this first and was like GIMME SOME OF THAT!!! My fave!! It was babe's first time having the crispy pork skin like that and MMMM!! He loved it too!! I want some more!! I wanted some veggies in the mix too so got a plate of Chinese Broccoli and that was a great finish to our dim sum dining experience!
I have to give this place a 4 star as I'm a dim sum lover. The dim sums were always hot and fresh-especially their chicken feet. I like their chili oil the best. My bf especially can't get over it and tried to get their recipe every time we went  there. Other than dim sum their other dishes were quite impressive too. The beef mushroom w shacha sauce pot-yum! Still exploring new stuff will update soon as I tried more!
Have visited twice.  1st visit: Saturday midday for dim sum.- - Great variety, fresh food, good service.  Prices very reasonable.  2nd visit: late night on a Tuesday- - food still tasted fresh, loved the sizzling rice seafood soup.  I know I'll have a craving for that in the future.  To be honest this has been the only dim sum I've liked since moving to Las Vegas from L.A.  

Overall: I'll definitely be back.  It'd be awesome if they updated the decor then you'd consider coming here for special occasions.
service was ruder and even more unhelpful than the usual Chinese restaurant.
spicy salt squid was tasty but super rubbery.
tomato beef chow mein was pretty decent though.

but a skimpy scallop dish for $14.95... ?! and by skimpy, i mean only 4.5 scallops. i thought we ordered family style dishes, not kids meals. (yes, we counted)

and forced 18% gratuity... we wanted to tip them less for how pathetic our meal experience was there.
It's staff is better than the Orchid. The food is an array of dim sum.
The decor is typical. The quality is okay.
This is what I like to refer to as "stereotypical fare" the service was non existent. I was ignored when ordering tea and given attitude when asked what dishes were. Fortunately I knew what to order otherwise they never offered besides what they may had been trying to push off. This was during dim sum lunch around 1130 so I expected them to be ontop of it. 3 dead fish in the tanks floating around. What does that tell you? The ladies response from the front? We'll leave them til tomorrow for the fish purveyor to replace. Man.. That's amazing. Food was alright from what I ordered ( shu mai, BBQ pork, chow mein noodles, rock shrimp, gyoza ) but as another yelper stated some dishes can be quite oily.. All in all I would never return to Cathay house.
Nothing special - fairly decent service for a Chinese place, cheap dim sum, tasted average, and I didn't poop myself later.

But overall, dim sum in the middle of the damn desert was better than San Diego's meager offerings.

#shotsfired
This is the place to go for Dim Sum. During certain times they have carts that make rounds around the restaurant so you can just pick off what you want.

The food is pretty delicious. Every time I come here I'm not disappointed. My favorites are -- Shrimp wontons & shrimp balls. They serve it with a mayo dipping sauce that is to die for when combined! We also ordered crab in this ginger garlic sauce which had a lot of flavor. 

I gave them 3 stars because I could have taken a nap & the food would have not arrived yet! Even our wonton soup took forever to come out. We were starving! & today we had ordered deep fried chicken and they forgot it when we clearly ordered it. And funny thing was the waiter recited our order back to us after we had ordered our food. 

Overall, I'll come back here but probably will call to pick up food instead of dine in.
Decent place to get dim sum. I really enjoyed their pineapple buns and mini egg tarts. The have amazing soft buns and flaky pastry! They have a good selection of dishes as well. Some of their dishes are hit and miss, but for the most part not bad. Their beancurd tofu is really good though as it was smooth and not too sweet. Prices are very reasonable for what you get. Four of us adults ate till we were full and spent only about $50 total.
Something is just missing at this place compared to other dim sums I've had. Service was pushy to start. They kept rushing us to order when we were still waiting for our entire party to be seated. I liked the custard buns, shumai and duck. Don't waste your time or money on the lobster pasta. The lobster was good, but the noodles were bland and forgettable. Not a fan of them having to take the food to the back to be reheated before serving, either. I probably wouldn't go back, there are better places to have dim sum.
They microwaved our dim sum in front of us. Depressing. Nothing more to stay.
Items Selected:
XLB
Shu Mai
Steamed BBQ Pork Buns
Lobster Special with Ginger Noodles
Egg Custard Tarts
Baked Egg Buns
Baked BBQ Pork Buns
Crispy Garlic Smelt
Baked Coconut Buns
Crispy Duck
Sticky Pork Ribs
Shrimp and Crab Balls

Having found KJ Seafood and Dim Sum at the Rio a good value for high quality cart service as a packed dining room assured freshly circulating plates throughout our ninety minute stay it was with a group of five that I sat down at Spring Mountain staple Cathay House hoping to further dispel rumors of Sin City's subpar dim sum but with slipshod service and too few patrons even on Saturday at noon the results were, at best, mixed.  Starting at the door where hasty greetings lead us to the back room it would be less that thirty seconds after seating that the blitzkrieg began - baskets and steamers that had clearly been propped against the wall shoved in our faces with several selections requiring an unannounced trip to the kitchen microwave - and kicking off with a trio of steamed options it was only BBQ Pork buns that proved competent as rubbery XLB and Shu Mai skins undermined otherwise juicy contents.  Still frenetic in pace as a $16 lobster special with slippery noodles swimming in ginger found its way to the table alongside a trio of excellent baked pastries it would unfortunately not be long before these gems were lost amidst overly salted garlic smelt and a dry coconut sponge, the duo immediately leaving me parched  as beverage refills lagged.  Admittedly underwhelmed at this point but willing to go one more round it was at long last (actually only 40 minutes) that Cathay House would rally with a strong finish from a duo of kitchen fresh carts - the crispy duck, sticky pork ribs, and supple shrimp balls all piping hot and reference standard leaving me to wonder what could have been had everything else been delivered fresh.
This was only the second time I have been to Cathay House. I came for dim sum years ago and didn't have much of a desire to return but I couldn't resist giving them another chance recently.

We arrived around noon and they weren't too busy. I felt rushed to order, even though we kept telling them we wanted to wait for our entire party to be seated. We ordered hot tea and waters all around and then proceeded to order from the carts that came around. 

They pushed the ginger scallion lobster with pasta on us and although a good value at $15.99, it had to be reheated before they served it to us. The lobster was chewy and the noodles felt like total filler, didn't have much flavor and were overcooked. The highlights from our meal were the custard buns and crab balls. The ribs had to be reheated for us before serving which was a turn off.

The rest of the items we ordered weren't very memorable and I wouldn't recommend most, if any, of it. The coconut bun, egg custard, bbq pork buns and smelt were all completely forgettable.

Service was ok, although refills were a little hard to come by for our waters and tea. There are other dim sum places in town I prefer with fresher items, so I don't see myself coming back any time soon.
Every time I visit Vegas and have spare time to drive off the strip I will always hit up Cathay House for dim sum as service is fast, good selection,  good food, and if you go at the right time no lines.
I was craving some Dim sum and this place was in the area we were at. To be honest these place are all pretty much the same. It just comes down to the food and that's where this place delivers. Everything we tried we liked. I'm not an expert on dim sum so I cant comment on each dish individually. We really liked everything. The servers were really nice too. I've been to other places where the servers aren't friendly so that is a plus in my book. So give them a try.
Ventured off the Strip for dim sum at Cathay House around 2:15pm to avoid the lunch rush. 

Savory dim sum circulated on two steam carts. 
Cart 1: chicken feet, ha gow, steamed bbq pork buns, and rice roll. 
Cart 2: steamed black bean spareribs, siu mai, salty egg yolk bun.
One more cart offered do hua (tofu pudding with ginger syrup). 

Didn't see a fried items/dessert items cart, but we were able to order shrimp stuffed bell pepper, crab claws in shrimp paste, and turnip cakes from a waiter. The restaurant was out of fried taro with pork/mushroom filling (my favorite). All of the items were fine, but no real standouts. 

Service was prompt and accommodating.
If you like Dim Sum you must only go here for lunch. Reason; that's when the
 Dim Sum is prepared fresh and brought out for you to choose.

If you go there after 5, and order Dim Sum, it's going to be the old Chinese saying;

"We reheat it, when you want to eat it".

It won't be fresh.

On the positive side, they are open very late night, like till 6am, so you can take the gang for late night, However, order something they can't reheat.
The food was good but everything except for the shrimp balls were cold. There are better dim sum here in Las Vegas
Wow I was there a few weeks ago and I didn't feel too well after.   This explains why.

http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/dirty-dining/Dirty-Dining-Cathay-House-in-Chinatown-261931831.html?lc=Smart
Dirty Dinning....enough said
Go To: DIRTY DINING: Cathay House in Chinatown.

This report will make you SICK, Please view first.

The Health Dept. should have the Food & Beverage permit cards revoked from the employees or personally fine them for the violations too. This is an incentive for the restaurant and the employees to do their job responsibly. duh.
Disgusting! I think the health board shut them down for being infested with roaches and mold they also found slime and maggots on the cutting boards. This is not surprising as I was taken on a business lunch here a few months ago and a baby roach came off of one of the plates and was crawling around on the table! When we called the manager over he said it was a bug from outside and that they can't help that. Yeah not cool. obviously where there is one baby there is 1000 more. Sick sick sick.  They will re-open and still be disgusting.
Food was delish! Loved every last bite of my fine dinner. Sadly I read everyone's reviews and see why they would get a bad rating...but not because of the food....the dinning area is really dated and needs improvement.
Best whole in the wall Chinese food in the west valley! I have been going here as a kid and I would go there again and again. Take out is great and I would recommend getting take out there. Now, eating there I might not suggest, taking the food home is awesome!
Decided to be adventurous and try a new place. BINGO! The first thing that caught my eyes from the street was that they had pictures of food posted on their wall. I think pictures always helps out. They were closing in 30 minutes, but they were still very friendly upon greeting me. I ordered quite a few items: Hot Wings, Shrimp Fried Rice with Garlic, Krispy Noodle Chow Mein, Beef with Broccoli, Scallops and Shrimp with Garlic Sauce, and Lim's Special Chicken. For whatever reason I told them that it was my first time here and they had given me a discount on my order. On top of that, they also gave free drinks while I waited for my food. I didn't want to take the drink cuz I felt somewhat bad, but she had insisted. What a GREAT person! The food arrived in like 15 minutes and I guess I ordered a little bit too much. LoL! The food was packed nicely and in a box...must have been a few pounds. They even provided some sauce and the essentials of soy sauce and fortune cookies. Arrived home and I was just hungry and began eating. I should have taken some pictures, but I was starving. The food was great and I am going back again!
I have been enoying Lim's for almost 19 years when they opened early in the 90's.  I have rarely been disappointed by anything I ordered.  Everything from soup to their homemade sweet and sour sauce..you will never find anything cheaper with more flavor!
I used to go here years ago with co-workers but one them  had a very unpleasant experience that I won't go into detail with so I had stopped frequenting, I moved away from the area and hadn't thought about it in years. 

About a year ago a friend mentioned going there back in the day so we thought we would give them another shot.  In the past year I have been back about a half a dozen times when I'm in the area and they have never given me a bad meal.

Don't be intimidated by the building. It looks a little run down from the outside and there usually aren't many cars in the parking lot. Let it be everyone else's loss, not yours. Don't judge a book by it's cover.

The lunch specials are between $5.99 & $6.99, most being $5.99 unless it has some sort of seafood. Combos come with egg drop soup loaded with crunchy veggies and chicken pieces. What chinese place  puts chicken in their egg drop soup? It is probably the best I have ever had..ever! 2 fried won tons, a egg roll and fried rice. The portions are huge.

The service is always quick and pleasant and everything is made to order.  Ask for your drink in a to go cup..especially the iced tea. I can't get enough of it.

If you get the urge for chinese and you are around the Desert Sky area stop in and give them a shot. You won't be sorry.
It's been awhile since I've been here and I almost forgot how great of a place this is. I ordered a few things, but one of the new items I tried was the Shrimp with Cream Sauce...ohh emm gee! Amazing sauce!!! I asked what kind of veggies it came with: mushrooms, snow peas, celery, carrots, cabbage, and broccoli. I'm not too big on some of the veggies, but the whole thing just went well together. Please try if you haven't...it's so GOOD!
Met 2 friends here for lunch and the place just keeps getting better. The hot and sour soup was amazing. Filled with lots of roast pork, shrimp, tofu and veggies with the perfect amount of spice. I just wish I lived closer. The prices have gone up a bit, but $5.99 & $6.99 is still a bargin for the quality and quantity of food.
The Chinese food here is pretty decent. Not much of a variety. We had two different types of chicken and the sauce tasted generally the same. Vegetables added to the dishes were fresh. A little over priced for my taste but the orders were huge amounts. The hot sour soup was my favorite out of everything we ordered.
Great family owned restaurant and great food at decent prices.
This is the 2nd best place to get Egg Foo Young in town!  I tried one of their lunch specials before and did not really liked it.  I will keep coming back for the chicken egg foo young.
Tried Lims for the first time. The fried rice was great. The pepper steak was good but could have used a little more flavor. The portions were good size. The crab puffs were also nice and big. The average dish is $7 - $8 which is great for the amount of food you get. We will be back.
I came back here to try something else besides my favorite egg foo young.  I had the shrimp fried rice.  I must say that I was very impressed.  Some places leave a layer of oil at the bottom of the rice container.  This not the case here.  I requested that they added garlic to my fried rice and it was a very good touch.
Used Yelp to find this place. Small mom and pop shop. I ordered the lunch special - sweet&sour chicken. It came with egg flower soup, fried rice, and egg roll. What I liked was that it was only chicken, not like most places that put a lot of vegetables.
The one thing that cannot be disputed about Lim's -- a well-established restaurant in the West Valley -- is that the service is very friendly.  

Okay:  that was the generous part of this review.  Buckle your seatbelt:  this isn't going to be a smooth ride.

Once again, my theorem about YELP has been confirmed:  the more stars a restaurant has, the more you should avoid it.  I'm convinced that every prisoner released from Sheriff Joe's tent city is promised a $20 bill for their first night's meal in freedom, PROVIDED they write a review on YELP.  How else can one explain the 4 and 5 stars for this place?  Certainly, it couldn't be for the fluorescent lit diner atmosphere ... and it certainly couldn't be for the food ... could it?!?

The Hot n Sour soup was okay.  My partner thought it too sour.  Hello!  The "sour" isn't in the name to make it sound pretty.  I didn't think it too sour at all and they certainly don't skimp on ingredients:  the soup is loaded.  From there, however, it started going downhill faster than a snowball down the side of a steep ski run.

The egg rolls, too, weren't bad ... a bit greasy, but filled almost exclusively with cabbage, which I like.  But the two dishes specifically mentioned in reviews here -- the Devil Beef and the Mu Shu Pork -- were as disappointing as a visit to the U.S. Senate.  Unfortunately, the quality of the food matched the Senate's performance, too.  Even before I could open my mouth, my other half said what I was thinking when they brought the beef out:  "My God!  It looks like someone's already eaten it!"  Mushy, grey, and in spite of the jalapenos in it, bland.  Sort of like Senator John McCain, except it wasn't demanding we go to war in Syria.  And while it is advertised in the menu, Chinese food with ... jalapenos?!?  Chinese-Mexican fusion?!?!  

The Mu Shu Pork was something I'd never seen before in the many years I've eaten Chinese:  pre-rolled Mu Shu.  Usually, they bring you the wrapping and the filling is on the side and you make it yourself.  Not here:  they do it for you.  That by itself might have been acceptable to all but the Mu Shu Pork fanatic.  But what wasn't acceptable was the salt level in the food.  Unless you have a high tolerance for salty food, prepare to have lots of water nearby and watch your blood pressure go into the 150s over 110!

Service was fast, but almost like something out of a bad comedy about Chinese restaurants:  everything was brought at once, regardless of how close you were to finishing the previous course.  The only thing they DIDN'T do was observe you from a distance and wait for you to finish eating.

It pains me to give a bad review to a restaurant, which is obviously trying to please its customers.  In this case, however,  I'm afraid the review is fully justified.  I don't know who the people are on here, who think this is quality food.  I can only say to that one person, for example, who said he/she wishes this place was closer so he/she didn't have to drive all the way here:  KEEP DRIVING!  

I rarely leave food on my plate and, when I do, I always ask for a doggie bag to take the leftovers home.  In this case, I left food on the plate and almost shouted "no" too enthusiastically when I was asked if I needed a box to take the remainder home.  Oh God in Heaven:  NO!!!!!
This place has HUGE portions but the prices aren't bad. The food is amazing. I absolutely love the crab puffs! The owner and his wife are so sweet. They just started delivering which makes lim's 10 times better now. :D
The Harbor Palace is a large Chinese restaurant on the West side of the Chinatown Plaza, and a place that I used to patronize quite a bit when I was hanging around Chinatown with a martial arts school I was involved with. Anyway, it stays open late, til 5 am, and appears to be very popular with the Asian community for larger family dinners.. they have a private banquet room as well. It is usually very busy, but if you keep vampire hours, it is one of the better options for dinner at 3 or 4 am. 

The menu is heavy on esoteric East Asian food....a lot of the menu is not the same old "safe" Moo Goo Gai Pan, but everything I have had there is great.  

Hot Pot dinners appear to be also very popular there, with the table-top heated pot of heated oil or water and a plate of various meats and vegetables that are dipped in the pot to cook. I have never gotten around to trying that, but I would like to. 

They also do great Dim Sum, with an endless parade of ladies making the rounds with carts of very cool, exotic stuff that you just have to try, because asking what they are or what is in them is pointless unless you speak Chinese, in which case you probably already know what they are. 

For Yelp's obviously large Asian readership, I would say, give this one a shot...it is most definitely intended for you more than non-Asians, but those of other persuasions with an adventurous palate will be rewarded for their daring.
Heading to the heart of Las Vegas's Chinatown, I'm checking out Harbor Palace Seafood Restaurant for their dim sum.  It's about 1 pm on a Saturday and this restaurant isn't as busy as I had hoped.  (Not a good sign.)

My friend and her dining companion are already enjoying their Pineapple Buns with Egg Custard when we arrive. This is definitely a good sign!  (I'm not sure if the buns were hot when they came out, since I arrived a bit late.)  I enjoyed the sweetness of the custard, but the BF found it to be too sweet for him.

We ordered their standard shrimp dumplings and pork dumplings.  Both were standard.  They even had the Shanghai dumplings readily available as well.  They were tastier than Orchids Garden's version, that's for sure! http://www.yelp.com/biz/Jur1iiejUFw_YCkfDfy1gQ?hrid=aU3RP30FNJmzdi1e-Ksa-g  And since the red vinegar is left out on the table, you can feel free to drown it as much as you'd like!

We also had Chinese broccoli, shrimp on tofu, crab/shrimp puff thing, shrimp rice noodle, and chicken feet in black bean sauce.  All were pretty good.  We even had the salt and pepper shrimp that came right out of the kitchen, so it was nice and hot.  

The downside?  Service was blah, I mean really blah.  The ladies never smiled or showed any personality whatsoever.  And the guys working there were not that great either.  They refilled our teapot, but left it on the far end of the table, out of our reach.  One lady was very indifferent as she slid our order across our table.  They were quick to clean up our plates once the bill was settled, which can be a good or bad thing.  (It usually means they want you out of their fast so they can have the table back.)

Instead of sending the carts to the back for refills, they have waiters carrying a bunch of dishes in their hands or stacking them up and then placing them on a the cart.  I'm not so sure this is visually appealing.  

The bill was about $40 for four, not including tip.  We found this to be a bit more expensive than Orchids Garden and Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine since we know we ate less here.  (The BF wasn't so sure we got the correct bill even since the guy handling all the checks seemed quite unorganized.)

Overall, the selection was there, although lacking in desserts.  (I did see the sweet tofu come out, but no custard tarts!)  They did have a few things that some of the other dim sum restaurants didn't seem to have.  Sometimes you get the feeling they are really trying to push a dish on you.  I mean, how often can the congee lady come by asking if we want congee?  Because the restaurant is a bit smaller and they don't push the carts into the back, you'll find the ladies 'idling' by one side of the restaurant, which was pretty much hanging out by our table.  They could really use a lesson or two in customer service.  If they can fix this a bit, I might even be willing to give them a better score rather than a stiff 3 star.
Today I realized I haven't written in sooo long. It's funny reading these reviews due to the extremes of "Yea it sucks" - " Eh middle" - "WTF THIS IS FANTASTIC" . So I'm not sure if I'm being retarded...but I always get great service there. Maybe it's my wit, and charming personality....good looking, dashing, debonair, fun, smart,......yea...But this isn't a review about me. 
One thing I like - LATE NIGHT! I LOVE LATE NIGHT AFFORDABLE DINING. ESPECIALLY CHINESE! Because you get that craving on Mmmm I'm hungry. But the cool thing about chinese is you can eat a lot - 20 min later you're hungry again! I'm not sure if it's MSG...or it's the little parasites living in everyone's body from swimming in infested rivers. 
To be honest. I like the food here. It's definitely chinese. But at the same time they do serve to curve the All American Apple Pie Appetite with things like orange chicken, lemon chicken, broccoli beef....zzzzzz Oh I'm sorry if you order these things...STICK TO PANDA!
It helps if you've been to a chinese restaurant with a chinaman. Because they can order! They order fast and in small syllables. Next thing you know you have a feast to feed a small village. 
I do like dim sum here....mmmm dumplings, shrimp or pok. Mmmm and the sesame ball. Ok so good. Good for vegetarian too. I find myself typing but in my head I'm speaking in a chinese accent....Weird.
I think they've been friendly to me because I'm filipino. Oh yea that's it. Because the menu is catered to filipinos. Sure I can read most of the Tagalog on the menu. But where's the filipino food?? Oh...Rice....
The restaurant itself is nothing to shout about, nor was the decor nor the service. In fact, the service was pretty god damn awful to say the least. But then again, this is a Chinese restaurant and everyone knows service is going to be bad. If it were good, I'd be shocked.

So after several attempts at trying to find good dim sum, we ventured to this place after I saw it advertised on the Chinese channel while watching TV in the hotel. Believe it or not the hotel had Chinese satellite TV feeding from Hong Kong. I was up late watching old Cantonese soap operas -- but I digress.

So anyway, one of the places advertised was this one. Hubby thought for sure the food was going to be good seeing it obviously catered to a Chinese clientele. Well he was right. The dim sum, although not artistically created into teeny weenie morsels, were done well. Not only that but everything tasted good. The tripe was steamed with ginger and scallions -- lots of flavor, not like the one at Chang's. In fact, the har gow was also very very good (unlike that of Chang's). Cha siu bao was above average (and I don't even like cha siu bao) and so was the stuffed bean curd sheets.

I was a bit annoyed at the fact that when I asked for iced water, they kept passing the buck to someone else. Finally I just yelled out at a dim sum lady who then yelled out to 'amigo' in the back who rushed out towards me. Before he could even walk 5 steps I yelled out "DOS AGUAS" and he immediately turned around and got us 2 iced waters pronto.

4 stars for decent dim sum.

1 star for service.
Ahhhhh, I was so pissed after I got outta that place. In one point of my life, I was totally fascinated with dim sum and for my 21st b-day, we decided to go to vegas (so typical). I am proud to say that I was sober the whole weekend. Anyways, we went there only a Sat. morning and it was pretty packed. We had to wait for about 30 mins. First off, the dim sum here is expensive. I think that's the only thing I remember besides leaving the place and regretting I went there! haha
I only came here once and it was after a looong evening of drinking and gambling.  The food was fine for what it was...nothing to write home about but I had never been so dehydrated in my life the next morning!  Ofcourse more restaurants serve food high in sodium but I had never felt this bad before.  So what's the point of all this?  I guess I am saying there are a lot of better/healthier choices for drunken food.  Fatburger would be a good example.
2.5

Most of us would agree: At 3 AM, just about anything you put in your mouth tastes pretty good.

Tired and hungry, I was more than happy to let my chinese dining companions order. Many of our desired dishes were actually not on the menu but  the owner was more than willing to accomodate. Just keep in mind that you may be paying a bit of a premium for your special requests, like $14 for a bowl of rice porridge! Holy rip-off for rice porridge, Batman!
This restaurant had a rather high rating which I thought would impress my asian elders on our recent trip to Vegas.   

I've been here in the late hours to eat peking duck which wasn't bad, but wasn't great.   

Then I decided to bring a party of 17 to this restaurant for dim sum on Sunday and made reservations.   

I was asked why I chose this place as everyone was disappointed that the food was not that great.   

It's hard to explain, but it's just hmm...

Service was good.   But the food just didn't seem up to par.   Was it bad?   Not really... but it wasn't good.   

The place we used to go to on decataur which tends to change ownership or names every time we visit (yearly or longer) that I thought I would check this out.   

The other place had poor selection of dim sum vs. this place, but the food was tastier, hot, etc.   Here is was just... average.

So I hope the rating drops below the 4 stars because this is not above average and while I would go there again... I must protest their dim sum is not the best and what's funny is that the elders I brought would have rather gone to the restaurant with less selection and packed.

I rather enjoyed not having to fight to get food, but oh well... relaying the message of the party of 17 so that Yelp gives a better or accurate score.  

(Yes, you have to assume that I know what I'm talking about :^P)
4:30 am - SO's "weekend " begins, we played a few hours of poker and i'm starving yet damn tired ...i'm up for my $2 bk at the cortez room at gold coast ....closed for cleaning ....DAMN !!!  SO talks me into chinese ....Harbor Palace it is .....after 8 days straight of eating chinese ( in china ) i was able to go 5 days of non-chinese food ...uintil now ....squid w/ veggies ( squid very tender, veggies...tasty ...good dish ) chow mein ( huge plate of noodles ...fried...decent...a little dry () and hot/sour soup ( SO always rolls her eyes when i order ...but it's not bad , a lil too strong on the black pepper taste but overall, not bad ) 

a little under $30 .... for late nite / early morning decent place ....if "normal " hours, just an average chinese restaurant.

Happy Eating !
Discovered by my little sister she suggests I go here, we all meet up around 3pm for a late lunch and the place is pretty empty so we get prompt service. The place was a little dirty, burned holes in the plastic (smoking in vegas? ;) ) but let me tell you about the food. 

We ordered two fish dishes and a chicken dish along with dim sum. The serving sizes were nicely portioned we had tons leftover. And those who never eat fish were eating the food here and asking for me.

Want to know what I ate? we had to call it all chicken for my little niece to eat any of it, so the dishes were scallop chicken, white chicken, and just to tease her mind we called the chicken dish -- fish. And wow was she proud to tell her mom she liked fish :)
I came to this place a couple years back. Harbor Palace Seafood Restaurant was a pretty good place to eat. I enjoyed the food that had here.
it was nearly 6 oclock and the restaurant was empty. 

they gave a lot of food for the food. couple of the dishes were salty and filled with MSG. although i must agree that there was a couple other dishes that were pretty decent. 


quick review, i'll revisit when i have time
Harbor Palace serves up average dim sum with a few above average items. The har gow was above average, while the 1K year old egg and pork porridge was bland and tasteless. Other items including the char siu bao and spareribs in black bean were acceptable and average.

The decor was a bit of fusion between Southern China and Vietnamese dive. Plenty of neon signs all plugged into few outlets which left me eyeing the emergency exits in case of electrical fire. I spied a couple of them moving waterfall art on one wall, which amused me with its tackiness and plebian charm.

Prices for the dinner menu are on the high side, but that seems par for the course for LV chinese food. You won't find those family meal deals available at 99% of the California chinese dives.

Service is standard dim sum which means little to no attention. No surprises here. At least you can tip 10% without any guilt whatsoever.

I have a feeling this place is the only game in town for acceptable dim sum, smack dab in the middle of Chinatown. Please prove me wrong!
A regular late nite/early morning stop for gf and i  but we finally hit the place for dim sum this last sunday.

This might be our new "go-to" dim sum spot - Orchids used to be our place ( prior to that chang's ) but given their shutdown ( i assume a temporary thing ) for health violations, we need to find a few spots ( we still like PPP ) 

GF and I agree that the dim sum was consistently served hot and fresh.  The standard dim sum fare ( served on carts ) but the gf thought the selection was limited and nothing unique ( i agree on the uniqueness but i was ok with the selection ) 

the price is also a little higher than the other places ( $39 bill for the 2 of us - that's the most we've paid for a dim sum meal ) but i was so appreciated of the food being well prepared, hot and fresh.
Don't come here! Worst Dim Sum in town...everything was super greasy and didn't taste good. Some of the dishes seems like it was from yesterday. The (Hum Sui Kok) was greasy, soggy and not crispy. Would not come back here again.
I stopped at Harbor Palace for a late breakfast (AFTER shopping at 99 Ranch Market:--note to self--eat BEFORE shopping for groceries...) right when they opened at 10 AM.  I was extremely hungry, and extremely happy with what I got.  I was too hungry to wait and see what all the carts had on them, so I went with char siu bow (bbq pork buns) and the sticky rice dumplings wrapped in leaves.  Then, call me a fool,  I simply had to have the gai lan  (ChineseBroccolli) with "Korean Sauce" poured over it.  'Bout the only asian foods I love more than gai lan are fresh lychees and Peking Duck  The gai lan was just as good this evening as leftovers, reheated with a little bit of deep-fried tofu.  I thought the service was decent, not unctuous, not friendly, but decent.  The decor was a bit battered, but I've yet to eat in a Chinese restaurant that has both beautiful decor and great Chinese food.  I'll try to go back once a month and eat my way through all the different things they have to offer on their dim sum carts.  That is, AFTER I try the Chinese BBQ place in the same center and Ping Pang Pong at the Gold Coast this Thursday...
We come here almost every year when we make our annual trip for a basketball tournament. They advertise that they have dim sum everyday, but we always go for dinner. Restaurant hours are certainly accommodating to late-night gamblers: 10 AM - 5 AM. They have a couple of separate banquet rooms which can accommodate large groups -- hopefully you won't need one at the same time a tour bus pulls in.

On our latest trip, we had: fish fillet with black bean sauce, string beans with minced meat, shrimp w/ lobster sauce, deep fried salted & spicy squid, the house special chow mein, orange peel chicken, and eggplant w/ garlic sauce hotpot.

The good: the string beans were fresh & crisp, and the eggplant hotpot was very tasty. The Hong Kong-style chow mein was very good as well.

The bad: fried squid was unremarkable and the chicken in the orange peel chicken was tough & chewy.

The ugly: the fish fillet w/ black bean sauce & the shrimp w/ lobster sauce both had way too much brown/white onion. The shrimp w/ lobster sauce had only six shrimp, and the lobster sauce had pieces of pork, which is something I haven't seen before. The flavor for both dishes was good, but just not enough fish or shrimp in each.

Overall, the food is probably pretty good for Las Vegas as far as being authentically Chinese, but the quality of some dishes isn't as good as you'd find in a community with a large Chinese population (i.e., LA or SF).
If you need to get your fix of chinese food in vegas...this is the place to come!  The best part about it is that it is open past 3am!  The worse part was that our food took over 30 minutes to come!

I highly recommend getting the Singapore style vermicelli noodles.  Sooooooooooo gooood!
Sam woo was closed so we had no choice but to eat here and we got it to go and took it back to our Hotel room. We found and effin worm in our Kang Kong veggies!!! and then to top it off an hour after I was throwing up all night! Disgusting! Do Not Go here!
This place is open till 5am but I'm not sure if it's the best time to try out their food. Our big bowl of jook didn't have much preserved egg and the shredded pork in it was rather dry. The texture of the porridge was on the thinner side and had an odd anise flavor.

Dry fried beef ho fun was on the oily side and the noodles seemed more al dente than they should be.

On choy was nicely cooked and seasoned very well, my favorite dish.
We went here around noon for dim sum.  

One of the things that initially bothered us about this restaurant during the first few times we went was that they had a $10 minimum purchase amount to use credit cards.  

Well today when we went, our bill was about $34 for the three of us.  We decided to just have them split it between two credit cards.  The waitress came back and told us "sorry, we have a $20 minimum purchase per card".

What????  The fact that they raised their minimum credit card purchase to $20 was annoying, compounded with the fact that the bill was over $20, and she didn't want to do it just because it would have been split between 2 cards.  I told her she had no choice but to take the cards because it's against VISA and Mastercard's rules to impose minimum purchase limits, and they could lose their ability to accept credit cards if we reported them.  She either took my card, or she didn't get paid at all. Simple as that.
One of the things that initially bothered me about this restaurant is that they had a $10 minimum purchase amount to use credit cards.  

On my most current trip, the bill was $34 for three of us.  We put two credit cards with the bill for them to split it.  The waitress came back and told us "sorry, we have a $20 minimum purchase per card".

WTF?!!  The fact that they raised their minimum credit card purchase to $20 pissed me off and my bf off, even though our bill was over 20 dollars!

We told her she had no choice but to take the cards because it's against VISA and Mastercard's rules to impose minimum purchase limits (which is true), and they could lose their ability to accept credit cards if we reported them (also true).

We have lost a lot of respect for this restaurant because of this incident.
Came here with the family last night. Service was mediocre. We asked for some pepper and the girl looked so confused. 

We ordered five dishes and they all were either too salty or had no taste. 

The only dish done well was the the garlic veggie dish which is a standard at any Chinese restaurant. All around disapponting.
Let me just say that I'm Chinese-American, first generation.  Grew up in Boston, where there was always good Chinese restaurants, dim sum or otherwise.  Worked with my father (as a kid) at one of the restaurants he worked in (as a busser, the bar boy or general help).  And, of course, there was mom's and Grandma's cooking, and my friends' mothers' cooking, so I would say I'm kinda in the know.

I'm in the military, since 1989.  Where I currently live, the only Chinese you get are the buffets, which to me is catering to the community, which doesn't have a large Chinese community, if you catch my drift.  I understand that business is business, and some of the restaurants are trying to sneak in some "real" dim sum items, but still ...

Went to LV a few years back, and found out that there's a Chinatown.  But I'll call it what it is:  Asian Alley (I should say Avenue).  There's a large selection of Asian businesses for what you want:  Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Viet, et al.  (My sister, who lives in LA and occasionally trips down to LV, didn't even know until I recently told her.)  It had been years since I had dim sum, and was hurting for it.  Drove down to Chinatown (it wasn't too developed back then), and found Harbor Palace.

Harbor Palace reminds me of the dim sum restaurants I went to while growing up.  The food and atmosphere takes me back, and I'm a kid again, a kid in a candy shop.  If the candy was dim sum.

Went back to LV temporarily in 2008, and decided I will have as much dim sum as I could stand for lunch and dinner (I would get take out).  I would eat at least $20 every trip, so I spent over $250 in less than a month, and that's just on dim sum only.

Found out a few months ago that I'll be moving permanently to LV around May 09, and you can bet  your ass I'm heading back to Harbor Palace.

Okay, here's the food review.  If you've never been to a real Chinese restaurant, give it a try.  The food you find in buffets is analogous to eating Taco Bell for Mexican.  You've had beef before?  Chicken?  Shrimp?  Pork?  Then most of the dishes you can eat because you've had it before, either as a burger, buffalo wing, or so on.  It's the way the food is prepared that I think scares people, because they've never had it cooked that way before.  If you ask the staff, they'll tell you what the protein is; vegetables are vegetables, and everybody needs more veggies so eat up.  The dim sum dishes are cheap enough that if you get a dish and don't like it, it won't be an expensive experiment.

Some may say that the service is a little off-putting, because of attitude or some imagined slight.  That's just the way it is, folks.  People go to France and talk about the rude waiters there.  If you already know and go, then why grouse about it?  Keep in mind the staff at the Harbor are immigrants, and English isn't their first language, so please be gracious, patient and understanding.

Why not 5 stars?  With the amount of money the owner(s) got coming in, the place could use a tune up.

Ooh, and don't forget that there are fish tanks, if you choose to pick your own victim for a meal.  Or, let the kids stand by the tanks and let them watch the fishies swim.
we came here laate at night, so i didnt expect the food to be too good. oh well, we didnt really want to keep searching for restaurants at 11 PM. you cant argue with the prices here, if you order the combo with like 6 dishes. the food was ehh, average. everything was cooked well, but the flavors werent too good. i dont think its THAT bad, i can imagine myself giving this place maybe 4 stars during regular dinner time IF the customer service was a little better
pros... one of the few dim sum places we found in las vegas.  i'm sure there were more, but this one was the one we went to.  close to the strip, lots of parking, a big aquarium with a few gold fish, somewhat helpful waitresses.  

now about the food.  i would come here mostly for the steamed foods.  so the har gaw, pork shumai, cha shu baos, and the steamed rolls.  the egg custard tart was also so good.  the only fried item on the list that made it was the fried sesame balls, which we only tried the yellow bean one, cause they do offer a black bean sesame oblong as well.  the best thing was the sweet silken tofu dessert, which was spot on, and is probably the best tasting, well syrup wise, that i have had.  it was smooth, light, soft and very warm.  the syrup was just the right sweetness without being too sweet, and the ginger taste was perfect.   

cons... well where should i begin.  well the place was a bit run down, carpets need a steaming, the chairs and tables were also very run down.   neon sign not working, and the windows were pretty greasy.  

the wait staff must have been afraid of me and the wife with the boxes of chinese herbal medicines on the table, or were they just ignoring us for the first 10 minutes.  but then they came by and it was good from there.  

the fried foods were disappointing, egg rolls were soggy, no sauce with them.  fried noodles also no sauce to accompany them.  somewhat a bit greasy with the fried foods, sounds wrong but if you fry things correctly you get very light and relatively oil free foods.  think of a good tempura, which is light and not greasy at all.  enough said.  all in all just a 3 star place.  when i go back in november i'm finding the other dim sum place in las vegas.
I was actually trying to eat at Ichiza in the early afternoon, which is in next building over, but I forgot to check that they actually opened up at 5pm.  Still being guided by my rumbling stomach, I looked at nearby restaurants in Las Vegas' "Chinatown".  While walking around, The Love us on Yelp Sticker on Harbor Palace's door caught my eye.  I thought to myself, "How awesome!!  Another loved yelp spot, the food here must be great!".  Oh how I was wrong.  Immediately, when I got in there, the atmosphere was dreary, somewhat old fashioned, and a little unkempt.  I then thought, " Well, maybe all the energy is poured into the excellent food and service, yelp will not let me down!  Again, I was completely wrong.  I started with the noodle dish and BBQed beef, and I ended with those.  I second that prior review, the noodles were both bland, dry, and greasy if you can believe that.  The BBQed beef was damn near all fat too.  I was like "What the hell?  I didn't remember ordering a big dish of just meat fat."  This place needs to be checked out by the restaurant sanitary inspector because it looks a little dirty.  My waitress even brought out a disgusting looking fish bucket to show the table right behind me.  What was that all about?  And to top it off, I waited nearly 20 minutes for the waitress to bring me back a doggy bag.  My bill was 20 or so dollars for some reallyyy crappy food.   I felt ripped off, let down, and regretful I even entered the door with the supposed "They love us on Yelp" sticker.  How did they get that sticker?  Did they steal that?  Well, I sure felt that they had just stolen my money.  Avoid this place if you can.
I'm not really sure what the rest of the dim sum scene is like in LV, but I thought this place was pretty good. We waited about 5 minutes for a table on Sunday around noon and although the dining room is pretty small compared to the giant places in SoCal, it was pretty packed. There was a decent selection and I found all my favorites including a few new ones like the roast pork. I just wish they had one of those carts that grilled up the radish cakes instead of putting them in the steamer. 

The 4 of us ate until we were stuffed and the bill was only $32! I think this is a great option when you've had enough with the buffets and just want something different. Plus they're open from 10 AM to 5 AM which is crazy, even by San Gabriel Valley standards!
The portions are huge and it's GOOD! When I try new restaurants, I always order my favorite dry fried string beans. This restaurant is among the best I've had.

Although the decor is tired and dated with poor 'cloud' paint job on the ceiling, the main dining room is airy with tall vaulted ceilings.
I had a craving for dim sum during one of my regular weeklong vegas trips, and i've tried other restaurants in the strip mall this place resides, so we gave it a go.  The dining room is pretty rundown and the tables and chairs looked like they had been through the ringer a couple times.  

On to the food.  The carts zipped around pretty quickly, and i was pleasantly surprised that the service was clutch.  I was seated furthest away from the carts so i had to get up every time to see what they had.  Despite that, good service i must say.  I will list the foods (some with my patented terrible description) that i liked and didn't like:

Likes:
-chicken feet - i like to eat these things, but i think it's cooler to watch other peoples' grossed-out expressions when i do eat them
-smelt - surprisingly flavorful
-spare rib - tender and tasty
-shrimp dumpling - basic but good
-the flat thing that tasted like shrimp and looked like an egg, also good

Drinking haterade:
-all egg rolls were bland and blech
-calamari just ok
-the steam rolls i had were kinda cold and blech
-other dumplings we ordered (not shrimp), take a pass

So some good and not so good things here, thus my useless 3 star rating.  I will continue my vegas dim sum search to other places, though i may come back here.
Went Easter Sunday for dimsum with our Chinese doctor friend and his precious family.  Even with 6 of us, we couldn't begin to try all the things I spotted.  I disagree with Keith (which is unusual), in that I thought they had enormous variety.  You definitely need to go with a large group of hungry adventurous eaters.  We had everything from  taro cake to shark fin dumplings, chicken feet, seaweed salad, crispy tofu -- tofu so many ways I couldn't keep track, simple things like eggrolls, dynamite dumplings of all shapes, sizes and fillings...we had chinese greens and bao buns that were to die for.  Our host explained that we should also order something from the menu -- he picked his favorite soup -- fish maw...but wouldn't tell us what it was until we'd tried it.  I liked it -- until as he suspected -- once he told me what it was -- then somehow it didn't taste as good anymore -- and I'm pretty adventurous...

He also ordered walnut shrimp which were also great - but one bite put me over the edge -- and I couldn't eat another thing....

I saw lots of things going by that I'd have loved to try...but it will have to wait.  

We met our host at 11:30 and it was packed with a wait.  They have a separate room for large tables -- 8 or more -- which seems to be the way to go, interestingly, to bypass the line.

The owner is a good friend of our host's and picked up the check -- so I have no idea what the bill was and never saw a menu....what I can tell you is that we were the only non-Asians that I saw in the place -- and that, to me, is always the best sign of where to find something truly delicious and authentic to eat.  My husband offered to work for free for the owner because he was amazed at some of the dishes served...

We'll definitely be back for more.  And I can't wait to see the menu...I've about decided I must have been Chinese in another life...

now  if only I can find my favorite Northern Chinese dish...mock peking duck...
This was some serious good eating! I wasn't aware of Vegas' dim sum scene, but this place offers simple, traditional, tasty and pretty good service of dim sum for the area. The prices are very reasonable! 

They have the little push carts that go around and that's a rareity to see these days in many of the new dim sum tea houses. It does help to speak the language (Cantonese or Mandarin), as the ladies on the carts will be more attentive to what you want to try or eat. 

We ordered the usual items like ha gor (shrimp dumpling), siu mai, steamed pork bun, chicken feet (yes!), pork ribs, congee with preserved duck egg and some other items.  We fed a party of 3 for only $40 - not bad! And, we were full at the end of our meal. 

The decor is a bit old school, so don't expect to be wow-ed by the restaurant's looks. Parking can be tough on the weekends, but there is a big lot. You just have to drive around a bit to find a spot. Otherwise, this place is a steal.  I would definitely come back again!
As I had mentioned earlier, I finally moved to LV. Unfortunately for me, I caught a bug or virus or something (will sleep it off after this review) on the drive down here. Wanted something from HP, but nothing too greasy. 

When I was inching past Hoover Dam, I thought, "Why not won ton mein?" (For those who don't know, it's thin noodles with won tons and some bok choy in chicken broth.) Not the most complex, but it satisfied a need. Asked for some char siu (boneless spareribs), and dinner was complete. 

Oh, and they did update the place ... 

by putting a solar-blocking shade on the windows. Small steps before big steps.
Bad service and the dim sum wasn't that great either! 

As everyone knows, you don't go to a Chinese Restaurant for the service -- it's all about the food or in this case the Dum Sum. 

We came here on our visit to Las Vegas and decided to take a gamble on this place. Unfortunately, the house won the bet and we lost. 

Let's talk about service, or the lack of service. Every time we requested something from the waiter/waitress, we had to ask two or three times. 

"Miss, can we have some water?" 
"Excuse me, can we have some water?" 
"Hello? We asked for some water earlier -- can we have some water?" 

Maybe they didn't want us to get full from drinking, but I sounded like a broken record. When we finally got the water, the waitress didn't apologize or seem sorry that her service sucked! 

On to the food --- this was some gross Dim Sum. The har-gow was blah - the chow fun was stick and nasty - the fried rice tasted like crap. 

Nothing good here!
It's Las Vegas, can't expect too much.  They have your most typical dim sum.  Sweet tofu was the best.
People are right about this place!
Service is aweful, they get upset if you don't order softdrinks!
Their dim sum isnt great, and they recycle food, and leftover
dim sum is reserved to another sucker!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THey also have a credit card minimum which is against the
merchant credit card terminal agreement. Very unethical place!
I came here on a Sunday morning and the line was out the door. I looked over at Sam Woos, and the placed looked like it was closed even though the open sign was lit up. So I decided the food is probably going to be better over here judging by the crowd. 

I went up the front, and waited about 5 minutes and never got acknowledged. I was just trying to get a number to get seated. A Chinese couple came up and spoke in cantonese and they were given seating numbers immediately. So I decided to interrupt and ask for a number as well. The asian lady gave me a dirty look, and the Chinese couple were nice enough to say that I was ahead of them and I deserve a number ahead of them. The asian lady refused and still gave me the later number. As I was walking away I heard .. " he jus stan der like a wood, no say nuthin so no numba!"   

Hmm so I guess customer service is not exactly their forte here. Since its my last meal in Vegas, and I have been meaning to try some great off the strip Dim Sum, I just had to deal with it. 

I was finally seated about 20 minutes later. The dim sum came at us hot and heavy. I was able to get all of my orange county favorites. The taste however was just as not as good as Seafood paradise in Little Saigon, but I would say its better then Cathays in Vegas.  The price of the food is definitely very reasonable. However the tip they earned was not so much. I expect at least to be acknowledged when I want to pay for service next time. 

I have dined at Sam Woos and Shang Hais in the same shopping center, but as far as Chinese food goes, this is the most authentic out of them all. I would come here for the food, get abused a little bit then leave with a full stomach and a stink eye at everyone you see in this place.
We've eaten here several times for both the dim sum (lunch) and dinner.
Yes the place is run down.  Extensive menu.  Reasonable prices, especially the dim sum, loved everything.  Had the house special fried rice and sizzling seafood plate last night mmmmm, even the sweetsour chicken I ordered for the kids was good.  Service seemed pretty attentive, we were the only wide-eyes in there :). Will definitely go back for the food/prices.
MAN! this place has suuuuuuuuuuuccchhhh a good location, good name and all. but the food is notttttttttttttttt that good! 

i know this place gets alot of business b/c of the location, but please people... venture out and read yelp!!!!!! cathay house is much much much much better than this place. its just a little bit down the street on the right hand side and about the same price.

I will only come here if i am meeting friends here and suggesting another place is out of the question.

havnt had dim sum here, but my close friend didnt like this place very much either.

I had dinner here... the food was ok, but i've had better.
Love the food, place is old and out date, little dirty, service is not that great...
Craving dim sum while on our Vegas vaycay, we decided to try this place out. The food is mediocre, service was ehh, and just about the only good thing was the decent pricing. Maybe it's not a fair comparison, but after dining exclusively at Mayflower for all my dim sum needs (maybe it's a Bay thing), Harbor Palace was a let down. The food really tasted little better than the stuff you get from the frozen aisle of the Asian market.  It didn't seem like the cleanest place to eat either.... So skip this place and find another!
The Place: Older, Didn't seem that Clean
The Service: Rude / Slow... Even though they weren't busy. Food took awhile to come out. 
The Food: The food was ok. Portions were not that great for Family Style Chinese Food. The menu stated a charge of $1.50 for a glass of water. (Though I wasn't charged for it) 

Wouldn't Go Again
We came on here on a monday for lunch and I swear there were more employees than there were customers! With that said, the dim sum ladies still took forever to make it to our table! The chop sticks came with leftover food on it and the dim sum portions were just hillarious! The dad and I were looking on the steam cart and the woman said we have shu mai in both a large and smaller size portion............????? Really?! Never heard of that before. 

I'd probably say if you're on spring mountain you're better off going somewhere else because this place is a joke and a poor excuse for a Chinese dim sum restaurant.
The mister had never been to the Chinatown area of Vegas, so we decided to have Chinese food for brunch.  Although I had a few spots in the area bookmarked that had higher ratings, we settled on Harbor Palace because we were starving and didn't want to go hunting for the other places.  

The place is a typical, no fuss Chinese restaurant.  Nothing fancy, but not too grungy.

They were still serving dim sum, but since it was already 2P, they had run out of most of our usuals.  We were able to get the pork baos, siumai, and shrimp dumplings.  The dim sum was good, but it is much back back in Cali. We ordered some congee, but it was nasty, it was runny and had no flavor.  The highlight of the experience was the service.  We had a nice server who kept checking on us and always had a smile.  In a Chinese restaurant that can be hard to come by. 

The food was not bad, but like the 2-star rating states: Meh, I've had better.
There's a reason why Harbor Palace ranks on the bottom of my list of dim sum places in Vegas.

It was my second visit ever and it just reconfirmed my experience from the first time I went.

Saturday brunch - 11:30 am arrival.  Not as busy as I would expect.  (Bad sign.)

We have a large party, five adults and four children.  As a result, we're seated in one of the larger tables in the room set off to the right of the restaurant.

We had barely sat down, especially with getting all the young kids seated, when the cart lady was hollering, "You want dim sum!?"  I was immediately put off with her attitude and probably would have left if it was just the Husband and I.  (My Chinese friend mentioned that her mom has a simple standard of dim sum restaurants - tea should be placed on the table before the food is brought out.  And she's right.  Growing up, that's the first thing I remember from my many dim sum brunches.  The waiters ask what kind of tea you want (usually as you're getting situated), and before the carts come, the tea is on your table.)

But in this case, we felt so pressured to order from the lady's cart and had baskets of food on our table way before the beverage guy came around to ask what we wanted to drink.  (I will say that he brought the tea and water over quickly and had our tea pots filled the whole time, of course with my help of flipping the cover up.)  

We got the typical orders of pork dumplings and shrimp dumplings.  Nothing special here, more dried out from over-steaming, if that makes sense.  We got a couple orders of beef balls and was surprised they didn't cut it in half (I've always seen it cut in half), nor was any Worcestershire sauce given.

Rice noodle dishes came by and I asked (in Cantonese) if they had Beef Noodle Roll.  She said they did, looked around, then asked if I wanted the Pork Spare Ribs one.  I said fine, and then she asked about the Shrimp one too, which I said was fine.  (Although she did try sneaking another one onto our table until we caught her in time to just say only one!)  And of course, the beef one never showed up.  

I asked for Egg Custard Bun, and she said they had it, but tried passing off some yellow bean one as well.  We did eventually get the Egg Custard Bun and it was not good....hard, dry and old.  Bleh!

Deep fried chicken wings were decent the first time around, but even better when we got them nice and hot.  The deep fried salt and pepper shrimp was also nice and hot when we got it too.

Other dishes included steamed pork buns, chow mein noodles, Chinese broccoli (been sitting out too long), shrimp and tofu, chicken feet, and steamed beef tripe.  Nothing memorable though.

The Husband wasn't eating much from the very start and I had to wonder why.  He discreetly pointed to the HAIR that was sitting on his rice noodle dish.  Oh. Yuck.  (And unfortunately we did not say anything about it then or at the end since we were with guests.  But normally, we would have at least tried to point it out after we paid.  And no, you never say anything during your meal because we all know what happens at Chinese restaurants if you complain.)

Overall, Harbor Palace is just not that good. We weren't that impressed the first time and we aren't impressed now.  And the service is beyond bad here.  Sure, I know everyone says you can't expect much on service at dim sum restaurants, but this places leaves a bad taste in your mouth.  It's not even worth tolerating.

They do have hot chili oil available on the tables, not just regular chili sauce.  And please stop asking for Sriracha sauce, you know who you are!
Food off the menu is pricey and not worth it! 

Dim Sum is horrible! Reheated in the microwave after a long rancid stay in the carts. 

This place used to be good 10 years ago, but I am so over it! Blech!
I've had dim sum here a few times, but after the last time I was here, I'm over it. They have your usual dim sum selection- shu mai, potstickers, dumplings, sesame balls, etc. It has always tasted like your typical dim sum, which is what brought me back. Besides, it's close to where we usually stay and it was convenient for lunch before leaving Vegas.

So why am I over it? The server got upset because our tip was inadequate. Honestly, what server provides you with horrible service and then brings your tip back to you and says, "What is this? This is not enough!"? Oh, it gets better. She proceeded to calculate the "correct" tip amount for us and said that was how much more we owed her.

Need I say more?
Best Chinese food here in Vegas for me. The dim sum carts are just endless. I'm not a big fan of Chinese cuisine but this place is an exception. Love the fact that they're open till 5 am.
Poor Las Vegas needs to UP their game on DIM SUM. As a San Francisco resident, I know some good Chinese food/ Dim sum. Harbor palace seems to be run down and caters more to.. people who don't know what good Chinese food is. They only had about 2-3 dim sum carts going around with not much of a variety to choose from. We got an order of chicken feet which were huge and tasted right, one shrimp and one beef cheung fun which was okay.. an order of spareribs which sucked... and one ha gao and sui mai which were decent, and an order of sesame balls and cha sui bao which I didn't try. We also ordered a plate of beef chow fun which was decent but very very greasy. Over all the dim sum wasn't fresh, but tasted decent, the prices are steep, and not worth it.
Oh, my goodness.  My parents and I had longer-than-usual stay in Las Vegas and were tired of food and buffets on The Strip, so we decided to venture into LV's "Chinatown" and see what we could scrounge up to eat.  We saw lines in a few places, but we decided to settle for dim sum.  It seemed to be really popular because the restaurant lobby was vomiting out people.  I mean, really, spewing people out everywhere, loitering and waiting about.  My parents, being the stubborn people that they are, decided to take a number and wait.  With a small party of 3, the wait shouldn't be that long.  

Well, it was.  By the time I got in, I was starving.  We waited for almost an hour.  By that sheer fact, I thought the food would be wonderful.  I mean, why else would people be waiting that long to eat?  Let down again.  I mean, it was relatively good considering I've been living in NH where their dimsum selection is a little... well, non-existent.  And it's the first bite of dimsum I've had in months and months.  So, it wasn't bad.  But I am still well-aware that there is plenty of good dimsum back in SF.  I mean, much better.

They were sooo busy, that no one paid attention to us when we wanted to pay our bill.  And the place smelled funny.  And it was SO crowded.  I was such between my dad's elbows and someone else's baby carriage.  With a baby in it!  Watching me eat!  Good Lord.  Next time, I'm sure we'll try somewhere else if we wanted dimsum in Las Vegas.
Basic dim sum in a strip mall. Food is fine. Service is what you should expect in a place like this -- few basic dim sum places are going to get lots of service points -- but it works. The food isn't something you are going to write home about , but it is fine. 

The place was not very busy when we went on a Saturday a little before noon. 

Note: If you take cab there have them call you one when you are ready to leave, we had a lot of trouble finding one.
Definitely wait to come here after 11:30 a.m. If you arrive early like I did at 10:45 a.m. everything they're serving isn't fresh. The first 3-4 dishes we ate were cold and disappointing. But once they start pushing around the fresh dim sum carts, the food is pretty decent. Just keep your expectations low and do not order the Wonton Noodle Soup (it's not worth the $7). I wouldn't eat here again if I could help it, supposedly there are better dim sum places in Vegas.
Best place in town for dim sum... Very nice people... Ask for Henda he's very funny
Tired of buffets during your annual trip to Vegas?  Check out Harbor Palace!!

Dropped by here last Sunday night with Mel and her family.  It was 100+ degrees outside....and 80-something inside.  Don't know if the A/C was on, but it was hot inside too!  The restaurant wasn't very well lit, and the place seemed like it would be dirty, but not dirty enough where you're grossed out by it.  

Anyways, the wait staff was friendly (engaging in small talk with Melly Mel's mom) and offered suggestions while we were ordering.  Food came out super quick - not fast like a typical Chinese restaurant, but SUPER QUICK, like the dealers-taking-your-money-quick at the casinos down the street! 

Things of note:  
* Peking Spareribs were good, but a little sour due to them using a little more vinegar in their sauce than what I am used to.
* Orange Chicken...yeah, just don't order it.  All white meat, but not good enough I'd order a 2nd time.

Would totally come back......but not for their Orange Chicken.
Better than eating at one of the hotels.  I wouldn't recommend the dim sum, but the food is decent
My family always comes here whenever we're in Vegas, but more out of convenience and habit really.  The food here is ok and I would have given the place 3 stars, but it's just soooo dirty here.  I had to take off one star because the bathrooms are horrendous here ... so much so that there were 4 stalls and i almost died going in there ... I couldn't go needless to say and decided to hold it in!
This place is OK, nothing special and if you come mid afternoon there is not much dim sum to choose from.  There are better places to get dim sum.
if you want to eat at a filthy dirty, gross dim sum restaurant, then come here.

this was my first time eating at this restaurant, and will certainly be my last!!

because ichiza was closed for lunch, therefore we ended up coming here for dim sum, and what a mistake it was, i was so embarrassed to have brought my family here.

the restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived, and they stuck us in a table close to the kitchen, where we can see all the dirty dishes and disgusting left overs, right then, i've pretty much lost my appetite.

the dim sum selections were very limited, and didn't taste fresh at all. most of the items were cold and stale, and the worst steamed dumplings(chiao long bao) i've ever tasted. the skin was very thick and hard, and not even sure what the stuffing was, definitely tasted like left overs from days ago....yack!!

the worst part was the sanitation of this restaurant, the carpet/flooring was filthy, and while we were eating, some waitress started to clean and spray cleaning solutions right next to our table, and some of it even got into our foods...i really wonder how this place got away from the health inspection dept.!
the order.
shu mai
har gow
bean curd wrap in gravy
rice noodle with shrimp
gyoza
shanghai dumpling

the food here is edible but i think that's where my compliments stop. the dim sum here was not fresh and they use a lot of low quality pork meat--meaning very fatty parts of the pork. the balance of lean and fat was not struck with this dim sum. the rice flour for the har gow was too chewy and borderline hard (as if it was reheated). the shanghai dumpling was probably the worst thing i had. i personally would not return to this establishment but it is an alternative to much of the generic vegas food. not to mention, when i first started out eating dim sum this would have been acceptable to me as im sure it is acceptable to the new palettes of many tourists that probably frequent this place.
Holy eff I am gonna get started writing a review about this shit hole. Do not waste your time on this palce. Everytime you ask for something it is like a problem.
Went there again with some people who had to have dim sum and we were in the chinatown plaza, so I  can tell you nothing but their portion and prices have changed, and not for the better.
they continue to recycle food, just watch them when they clear a table,
if theres good food left over, they will not throw it away, and will service to someone else!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The dimsum is good and the price was good as well. I don't know what the other yelpers are talking about, I've gone here 4-5 times (almost every time I go to Vegas) and it's always packed and the food is authentic. The price also isn't as steep as Chang's across the street, and I recommend this place if you're looking for dimsum near the strip.
Harbor Palace get hammered here on Yelp...mostly because I think there is nothing special about this place. It is a utilitarian dim sum place that is located in close proximity to the strip and lacks immediate competition. We had brunch here on a Sunday and the food was actually okay. Although I thought the dumplings could have been much better and the shaomai was just okay, I enjoyed the Chinese broccoli, char siu baau, and shrimp har gao. 

Our servers were very friendly and the place was totally packed (with Chinese people) when we were there. My only complaint was that the servers with carts were really trying to push as many dishes on us as possible. 

I would definitely go back, and I'm still trying to figure out where all the 1-star reviews are coming from....the food was okay-to-good and the price was very cheap. Near the strip, what more can you ask for?
I had an overall terrible experience at Harbor Palace.  The service was terrible, the food came out slow, and when it did, the food was very mediocre, at best.  I brought two of my friends here because they wanted some good Dim Sum, and ended up wishing I went to practically any of the other Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.  

We ordered the Sizzling Rice Soup, Green Beans with Minced Pork, Hong Kong Style Crispy Noodles, and Fried Fish.  The only thing that was even remotely flavorful was the green beans, and everything else was bland, cold, and under-salted.  The noodles were soaking in a bland gravy that tasted like they thickened water and put it on top of the noodles.  The fried fish wasn't crispy and was bland, as well.  The soup came out last, and very cold.  I couldn't believe they actually served this to us.  We tried to complain but no one understood what we were saying, and we didn't see the waiter after we ordered until we got our check.  

Overall a terrible meal, and I definitely will not be coming back considering that HK Star and Joyful House are right down the street.
I recently wen to Vegas with my mother and since we have been there so many times, we wanted to get  night out of the STRIP restaurants. we went over to Chinatown and thought, what the heck, lets try this place. Inside was pretty boring, setup seemed more like your average cheap place. The waiter did not speak good english at all.....service seemed OK at best. My mom ordered Mongolian beef, her fav. which she found to be good and a very large portion. I had gotten the Jellyfish and Fish Maw and Crab Soup.....also VERY large portions. IT WAS AMAZING. I live in Alaska and have been searching form Fish maw and jellyfish since I have gotten back...only found one of them...I would definitely check out this place if you are into hole in the wall authentic places where you can try new bizarre foods.....
Terrible terrible terrible...been going here for many years, always for Dim Sum.  This place has been slowly going down hill but today was the final straw.  Service was horrible.  Selection was even worse...they had one steam cart and one fried cart for the entire place.  The steamed ones were dry and waaayyyyy over done.  Definitely go someplace else.
Place needs some work to be done. But overall I get excellent service here during the late hours after a night at the disco! Hasnt let me down yet!
When I first moved to LV, the new friends I made took me out to eat here.  I thought, chinese? Why not!  But when I saw the servers rolling carts around I was wondering what kinda restaurant this is.

THEY SERVE DIM SUM! It was my first time ever having dim sum and I had a good experience here.  I noticed the servers would mad dog you if you didnt want anything from their cart.  I found that funny.  They serve all the dishes a chinese restaurant would serve but they're honey walnut prawns are especially good.

Although theres other places I would go first for Dim Sum, Harbor Palace is a good alternative. But then again, its in China Town, and other dim sum spots are close-by. =/
Compared to the Bay Area dim sum standards, this place is just alright. But, when you are away and had a long night of partying with a hang over, this place hits the spot! Your basic dim sum and reasonable prices. Too bad the cab ride from Aria to Harbor Palace costs $20 in itself!
Holy grossness...I guess I shouldn't be so harsh about this place but the Vegas Strip is the land of food and I really think the competition is tight. If I had to wear high heels and fake eyelashes. I think this place can step up its game too! This place just doesn't do it for me. 

Pros:
Banh Cuon with Suong
Service

Cons:
Price
Location
Food
The only gripe I have about this place is the slow service. But other than that, for dinner, the food is pretty good.  I enjoyed the egg flower soup and honey walnut shrimp.  The prices are not that expensive, comparative to the ones in Southern California.
Dim-sum for brunch. Harbor Palace in China-town LV. This is part of the "
get off the strip" adventure.  Thought is was good. Dim-sum was " par for the course "  kinda like  "ho hum dim sum"

Don't know why many dim-sum joints paint their walls a putrid green  and, and true to form this place has flat screen monitors with a loop of advertisements.  This is a Chinese sea food restaurant that serves dim-sum. Sited in a "Strip mall" with Chinese/asian motif. 

Food: good / basic 
Service: hey it is dim-sum, women wondering around with carts
Value: thought it was ok
Decent dim sum and a crazy screaming host to boot.
Friends and I sometimes make an early morning "dinner" here after a night dancing in Goldcoast. As it is convenient and still open until 5 a.m. (from 10a.m. for 7 days of the week). There is no wait to get seated. The host sits us on any table we prefer on either table setting or booth-type seating. Sometimes,a few or no diners at this hours of early morning. Food service is quick to moderate wait. 

Noticeably, the menu have Chinese characters as well as below the English food titles are Filipino language translations. Is it because the owners are also of Filipino heritage or is it that the restaurant's dining patrons are predominantly Filipino? Interesting.

A wide variety of entree in the menu consisting of appetizer, soup, various seafood entrees (shark's fin, abalone, sea cucumber, lobster, crab, geoduck clam, scallop, shrimp, clam, oyster, squid, fish), various fowl entrees (squab, duck, chicken), beef, pork, vegetable, bean curd, fried rice, hot pot, sizzling plate, noodle entrees. Spicy Items are indicated. The usual soup I order each time I dine here is "Fish Maw with Crab Meat Soup" which is filled with fish and crab meat in a flavorful thickened broth. Hot Pots are generous and steaming hot. Oyster is also another favorite item ordered which are large-sized. Never overcooked. 

Family Dinner Combinations are also available starting from $12.95 - $17.95. A Special Lunch menu served 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Mondays to Fridays Only at $5.95 is a good deal to have which includes soup of the day, an egg roll and fried rice. Sometimes, this is an order I make when in the vicinity of "Chinatown", conveniently packed in a styrofoam box on a take-out request.

Just not expect quick attention to your needs, the servers seem to be preocuppied with something else when you need to get their service.
We stumbled across this place in search of a chinese restaurant, just so we don't get sick of eating buffets all weekend. Not only is this the worst chinese restaurant I've been to, this is the worst restaurant period. We went here for dinner and the service was TERRIBLE. Food took forever to come out and the complimentary tea was warm. I've had a lot of chinese food and they have by far the most bland tasting food ever. They use ginger in every dish so it all tastes the same. I had to dip everything in soysauce (which I had to walk up and get myself) just to have some flavor.

Their servers look like they hate their job, and the decor looks like a bunch of elementary school kids' artwork. I will never step foot in this restaurant ever, and I hardly say that about any place.
What you want?
The Fu King Rice.
You want Fu King Rice?
Yes.
Anything else?
No, just give me the Fu King Rice.

The entrees are actually not bad if you wanted some Chinese grub.  But not really worth coming off the strip just for.  It's OK.

Avoid the dim sum as it is usually not fresh and overpriced, i.e. the steamed stuff have been sitting around long enough for like siu mai/har gow wrappers to start to harden.  Aiyah!

As usual service helps a bit when you can speak Cantonese at these places.  All in all, average.
Had the rau muong with chao so delicious.  You must try the sea bass hot pot, it melts in your mouth.  The service is wonderful very attentive and nice.
Dim Sum? In Vegas?

We were all hungry and (well, mostly us midwest girls) were craving dim sum on a Saturday, so off we went out of the strip to go get dim sum.

We reached the little Chinatown plaza outside the strip, went to Harbor Palace and sat down right away. In came the carts- ordered my normals- chong fun, ha gao, shiu mai, etcera, along with my chicken feet.

The quality was okay. I made it fulfilled my craving? Wasn't exactly the best dim sum ever...but we were hungry and it sure beat Cleveland's dim sum, that's for sure.

Maybe this place would be better for dinner?
WhooooEverrr... gave them more than 1 star you should be ashamed of yourself!.. 
the dim sum was horrible.. I am in from LA and driving around looking for Chinese food.. didn't want to do any more food on the strip.. My friend and I had to do some shopping so we went to Chinatown.. wanted the usual hole in the wall place.... someone come help me just dig them a hole back to China...who is with me on this...?!.
the best thing there was the steamed Chinese broccoli... 
If I am in the hospital and in a coma from food poisoning, let them know that I ate here..... please pray for me
We were a little hesitate to have lunch here because there were only two parties in here. A single old lady and a couple who seemed to know the staff. 

We first started w shrimp chow mein. It was a typical chow mein. Flavors were nice, portions were big but lacking the plentiful of bean sprouts I usually like in my noodles. The menu was pretty standard for an asian restaurant, beef, chicken, soups, shrimp etc...

Second we ordered squid w snow peas and I think a bean sauce, but that's not what came out. We tried it anyway but the squid was really bland and wasn't seasoned at all. I couldn't eat this.

Lastly we got as advertised, fresh live fish. It was sea bass today and to choose between steamed or fried, we got steamed. Being said it was live fresh fish I though i'd get a whole fish. I didn't. It was nice and moist, very good, but could have used some lemon, although I don't think that's traditional for this type of food. 

Overally I give it a 2 out of 5.
We stumbled into this place while on the way to another Cantonese restaurant I chose.  My uncle saw it and remembered it from his last visit and decided to go there.

Big mistake (and I guessed he figured that out too, especially after he went to Wing Lei).  

The service was not so hot and the food was pretty bad.  I wouldn't want to go back at all.  There was just nothing to say good about this place perhaps except that the people were trying to be nice (even though they didn't really know how).
I haven't ate dim sum for quite a while and I miss it so much. So when we headed to Vegas, we want to eat that. We found this place in Chinatown plaza. The dim sum wasn't so bad. It's a nice place. At least the service was good.
sorry to say, this was not good at all

i had dim sum Saturday afternoon. The food was delivered from carts table to table. the flavor was oka but was not the best from other dim sum places, also the texture of "churng fun" (noodles with either beef, bbq pork, or shrimp) was really grainy  eek

so we order pan fried yellow noodles which was better than the dim sum. but still kinda bland. 

price range is kinda pricey from other places i've been to.
I'm on a quest to find a Chinese restaurant that's tasty enough to be a regular haunt. Reviews for Harbor Palace have never been great so it really wasn't on my radar. We only stopped in because I've driven by it hundreds of times and curiousity had finally gotten the better of me. 

We had eggrolls, sweet & sour chicken and eggplant in garlic sauce. The eggplant was really good, the rest was fine. Service was lackadaisical, but I suspect the language barrier might have something to do with it.
They don't even deserve one star. The food is alright but the service is very awful. 

If I were you and looking for a place to dine and relax, this is definitely not the place for you. If they are consistent on one thing, it's how horrible their service is. Give yourself a break and don't try this place.

Don't go here especially at night time; the server which is the only lady they got at night is discourteous and very rude. She was very impatient and impolite, maybe it's the language barrier but there was no need for her to give us some tone, attitude and dirty looks (She kept rolling her eyes, pouting her lips and giving deep frustrated breaths that  to my astonishment she was not ashamed to show us .) as we were ordering our food. We have to ask for water three times before someone actually gave us our drinks. The meal gets bad to worse experience when they forgot to cook one of my friend's orders, who end up not eating. (The first time we went there they also forgot to cook my order I thought it was just an honest mistake, now I know they just don't care. This was our second time to visit and definitely the last).   Everyone in our party of seven people was upset when we left the place.
I have been to this restaurant 4 times before and liked it OK. I find it funny that the menu is in Chinese of course, but also has subtitles in Tagalog.  I like it when ethnic restaurants are full of diners of that ethnicity; They're keeping it real.

Today I was craving the Walnut Shrimp. 
I pull into the parking lot and there's a crowd of people waiting to go in. What !?!? That's never happened before. I guess this is a popular place on Sunday morn compared to the weekday afternoons that I have been here before. I get inside and am seated quickly. And there are ladies with dim sum carts. I have not had that since I left LA years ago. The Walnut Shrimp can wait for another day.

Hot green tea was brought to my table quickly.

I got my food from the first carts to come my way: calamari, fried shrimp, steamed shrimp in a thin dough and 2 dessert type buns: pineapple and coconut. I liked it all. The hot food was hot; the fried food was crisp; the dessert buns were soft. It all tasted fresh.

Took most of it home since I was alone and could not possibly eat it all in one sitting.

I think the servers did a good job. They got people in and out quickly. There is a language barrier but to me that just adds to the experience.

p.s. After reading Yelp reviews, I guess it's a good thing that I have never seen the lady's bathroom LOL.
The WORST dim sum I've ever tasted! I'm usually not a picky eater but the food was so bad, I left with an empty stomach since I couldn't bring myself to eat anymore crap.
Dim Sum is decent.  I've had better in many other places, but I don't know of too many in Vegas.  They have the dim sum in the push carts.

We had a quick lunch at Harbor Palace and it consisted of:

- steamed pork buns
- shrimp dumplings 
- rice wrapped in lotus leaf 
- sesame balls with red bean paste
- long rice noodles with bbq pork

It's tiered pricing and about the same as in most places in the San Gabriel Valley (Southern California).

Overall, I would go back if I wanted dim sum in Vegas!

Xie Xie!
Okay, so, obviously Harbor Palace is not the best Chinese in the city.  Most of their dishes are so-so, some are revolting, but a few are memorable (braised sea bass in a hot pot = get it NOW).   Their menu is extensive when in comes to the seafood.  Abalone, shark fin, geoduck clams, lobster, crab, they got it! 

 I will beat you, however, if you order the honey walnut shrimp.  Picture Long John Silver's fried shrimp topped with room-temperature, Kroger mayonnaise.  Yep, that's their "famous" honey walnut shrimp! I'm still hunting down the person that recommended it to me.  

Also, be warned that their waitstaff may or may not mistreat you.  I personally enjoy rude Chinese restaurant waitstaff but you may not.  They get three stars  simply because their staff are extra grumpy.  Really, I love brusque waiters.

P.S. - If you're a glutton for punishment, get their frequent diner card.  You'll get coupons for free food (I guess, if you want it...).
My parentals wanted to go over here because they heard that it was really good. What they found out was that it was really over priced.

The decor is decent and there were a lot of tables but a lot of them were empty too.

Yeah, the food is decent as well and some items are tasty but some of it was sub-par and tasted like you can get it anywhere else for a lot cheaper. I was not a fan of their dim sum chicken feet which was sad because it was China Town and I would prefer one of the dim sum places here in Utah instead. We got some fried rice, fried fish and an oyster stir fry and they were good but way to pricy for what it was worth.

In the land of Las Vegas, you can absolutely find a better place than this without looking too hard. So, I'd pass this restaurant and find a better deal elsewhere.
There wasn't anything good about this place. The dim sum dishes were tasteless and cold. The servers were also very rude and had a bad attitude when asked for anything.
this place sucked ass!my ass would have tasted better.
1)the false advertisement of late night dim sum
2)they couldn't make a smoothie because it was apparently busy trust me it wasn't
3)the lemonade wasn't fresh it was Brisk
4)their credit card swipe machine didn't work

They were trying to sell lobster for $28/lb and the won ton soup tasted like the tea, the fried rice had a foul smell and the shrimp was chewy didn't taste fresh.

What a waste of a $50 meal. It put me in such a foul mood that even though I was hungry after I couldn't be bothered eating after that I just didn't want to be disappointed.

The decor was cheesy.Don't go here!!!!!
Un-be-lievable!  We should have stuck to our gut instincts and said "no" to trying out another dim sum place, other than our usual, Orchids Garden.  We should have also read all of the Yelp reviews on this place before entering their restaurant.  What a mistake we made!  Never before have I asked my family to ditch a restaurant the moment we got seated...until this day!

Walking in, my family didn't get greeted by the host upfront with his head buried in a newspaper.  No.  Instead, it felt as though we had disturbed him.  It took him a while to muster up a "how many?" before he removed himself from his seat to sit us at a table.  STRIKE ONE.

Next, we asked our server if they had dim sum.  To which she rudely replied, "Dim sum, no order!" seeing we had their menu before us.  Okayyyy.  Understandably, we weren't going to order dim sum from their menu, as we are accustomed to ordering from CARTS!  She walked away and returned with a paper menu of dim sum items and a pencil and dropped them at our table; no explanation.  Weird, so I assume, we DO have to ORDER, as we see no cart in sight anyway.  STRIKE TWO!

We finally get to writing down our list of dim sum items we would like.  We then proceed to asking her for two more settings for our table of four (we were seated on a table set for two).  Without a word, she turned around and grabbed two settings from an open table.  As she began to "place" them on our table, she pushed past my two young children reaching over them, resulting in her "thrusting" the fork and knife toward my husband as he was writing.  Really, woman?  She basically poked his hand with a fork tine, never excused herself for it, and simply walked away.  RUDE!  STRIKE THREE!!!

At that point, I asked my husband if we could leave.  So upsetting!  As I walked past the server, who then realized we were walking out, I pointed at her and scolded her with a "YOU NEED TO BE NICER!"  Then we left.

Now, I apologize in advance if I offend, I have no intention of it.  But, seriously?  At some Chinese restaurants, you are commonly accustomed to experience a kind of abrupt, hurried kind of service that is typical of their customary practice.  I should know.  I'm Chinese myself.  So, I'm not being overly sensitive of the situation at Harbor Palace that night.  I know what to typically expect, or not expect.

But, this???  The customer service at Harbor Palace should not be experienced by any paying patron, no matter what!  (I should say, the lack of customer service).  They have no common sense of decency when it comes to working with people.  In fact, I believe that because they are "fed" their business via tour buses (don't ask me how or why it is that way), they feel the need to not offer good, if any, customer service.  We are NEVER returning to this place again.  They are disgusting.
Ive been coming here for years and this place is alright.
Not the best I have ever eaten but not the worst either.

I usually come here late at night or in the morning/early afternoon.
Late night I usually order a fried rice.  Either the Yang Chow, BBQ pork or the salty fish and chicken fried rice.
I also usually get an entree like fish with black bean sauce, fried pork chop with salt and pepper, fish with spicy salt and pepper or a soup like the won ton or the hot and sour soup.
All the above dishes are pretty decent flavor wise.
Good enough for 3am as far as im concerned.

The other times I goto this place are in the early afternoon for dim sum.
Last time I went for dim sum they had the carts rollin around as usual.
I have never had to fill out any type of paperwork to eat dim sum at this place.
The dim sum is decent.
I usually get sesame balls, pork bun, shumai, harcow, and chicken feet.
All pretty standard in terms of flavor.
Nothing really stands out or lets me down.

The service not bad at all.
I have been eating at Chinese food joints for over 30 years from Hong Kong to Thailand to San Francisco to New York to Jakarta....you get the idea.
All that "Asian folks are so well mannered and polite" is some stereotype junk.
These cats wanna know what you want to eat and drink and thats it.
Dont expect any type of convo/banter especially if you dont speak the same language.

Lots of folks mistake cultural differences for bad attitudes.
Dont get it twisted folks.
We all have bad days and good days.
Maybe I got it all wrong but then again im not an over sensitive attention monster.

Food: B - Step up your food game guys, dont get complacent.
Service: B - Train your employees to handle problems better.
Cleanliness: C - You really need to do a complete cleaning of the store
Overall: B-/C+ - I will continue to eat here just wish they would improve.

This place aint as bad as people are saying.
All the basics for a great Chinese restaurant are there.
Management just needs to remember that they have to try and improve every single day...
For some reason I think of buffets and steakhouses when in Vegas but hey it's always good to try something different, so this is my first Chinese restaurant in LV.

Service was okay, dim sum food was average, prices were cheaper than Mei Sum back home.
This place has the best seafood congee!!! It's not on the menu. Everything else sucks excepts this congee. Tastes perfect. Seafood comes with fresh fish (don't remember which fish), octopus, scallop, shrimp, ect.  Yummy!!!! Dont get anything else, u'll b disappointed.
Best after hours spot to hit up, orange chicken and duck is amazing! We always take our friends here who visit Vegas. Price is affordable!
Food taste good.  Portion is very small.  There is almost no service but charge 18% tip - this is not right!!!
You know what the best thing about Harbor Palace is? 
It's next to a Mr. Sandwich baguette shop. After being completely revolted by this place, We ended up hungry and went over for some delicious roasted pork sandwiches. 

(yeah, this place sucked that bad. Greasy dim sum, surly dim sum ladies.  The steamed beef roll wrapped in bean curd was disturbingly sour. We stopped ordering after only five items, but the damage was done - a $31 tab to leave the premises. But I guess it's the only game in town, so that's why it's still in business.)
The only reason why we went here was because after a 4hour road trip from CA we wanted some dim sum to start our weekend off and since the Harbor Palace was listed off offering it on the Malls board we walked over and decided to give it a try.

There wasn't much variety after looking at 4-5 different carts that's all they had to offer. The siu mei and the chicken feet were the highlights everything else was bland and not exactly worth the meal . Go save your stomache for one of the places to eat at in the malls or try out ping pang pong down the road for better dim sum.

Though for some reason the place was filling up pretty quick i'm assuming is because of that sign thats posted listing off all of the restuarants and what they have to serve. I guess its a plus that they serve until 5am on weekends.
So we stopped in here for some Dim Sum Cantonese Style. 

After only 2 carts, I was able to get all of my favorites.  I love it because all you have to do is point and they serve it to you. It helps that I speak Cantonese, so I was able to request my favorite, but I can see how this would be frustrating to others who are not familiar with Dim Sum. 

Yes, they do have chicken feet.

Unless you can read Chinese, chances are you won't be able to read the check and know exactly how much it will cost you, or know the actual name of the item that you ordered. Meh.  Sometime's I'd rather not know. 

I thought this was a great place for Dim Sum, but it certainly is not a good place for Dim Sum beginners without an old Chinese person or a seasoned Dim Sum eater.
DIM SUM review only.

We came here on a Wednesday during the lunch hour and had the dim sum.  This is by far the ABSOLUTE WORST DIM SUM I'VE EVER HAD.  Hands down, there is no competition.  The siu may tasted old and disgusting; the shrimp dumpling was slightly better, but not much to care for; the spare rib pork on top of rice noodle (huh?) was tasteless and so was the BBQ pork in rice noodle dish; congee also had no flavor; har gow was just lukewarm and tasted just ok.  The best thing we had was the egg custard pastry.  I won't come back here for dim sum ever.
Food was not great. Service was very very poor.
Dim sum is good when it is fresh however, to me it seems like they lack variety. And as another person mentioned unless you can read chinese you won't be able to tell what you are being charged for or the name of the dishes. So if you want to order them in the future I guess you are just going to have to wait until you see it in one of the carts. I like their shrimp ball, and crab ball the most but when they do have a lot of variety it is really good. I would recommend it.
Dim Sum so sad it will make you cry like a little baby that just had dim sum so bad even a little baby knows it's bad. Waaaaaaaaaa. 

If you never ate Dim Sum before you would leave thinking Dim Sum is short for Diminished Sumthing.
It was Sunday, Mother's Day and the Clippers had just eliminated the Memphis Grizzlies and we decided to go get some dim sum to celebrate.

One of my buddies had just got through saying he had never had bad dim sum and how bad could this place possibly (possiblai) be?

So we got a few items from the cart, typical dim sum stuff, and it wasn't a good sign when we all said, 'that's shumai???'

We ended up finishing what I think was 6 plates worth of stuff, got the bill and saw that it was pretty pricey for dim sum.

We were still hungry afterwards and ended up at Lee's Sandwiches at the next plaza over.

Definitely wouldn't recommend this place and not too sure there are many other dim sum options in Vegas.
What can you ask for as a Chinese in Las Vegas........ to have a dim sum place around the Sin City China town..

However, the fact that I am from the San Francisco Bay Area..... makes this restaurant a really so so so so place........ 

No offensive...but remember, You are in Vegas...not Macau..... so, having more authentic Chinese food around is already a good thing
They have shark's fin soup on the menu. I saw that and got too woogy to eat. The sea is being decimated and there's just no place for this item in modern cuisine.
After a big night out, went out here at 4AM to grab a quick bite before heading home!

Service was fast! Like "You-Just-Ordered-10-MINS-ago" fast but sh*t...
FOOD WAS SERVED COLD!!!!
and i meant, NOT EVEN WARM or ROOM TEMPERATURE at least?

The two quickest food you think they can prepare in a hurry,
egg drop soup and chow mein,
was probably a left over from the night before and
didn't even bother to heat it up for us! 

YUCK!!!!

Do yourself a favor!!!

Go somewhere else or just buy yourself a bowl of noodles from 7-11.
Don't even think about going here!!


LOVE LIVE THE "PANDA". LOL
Purpose of visit: late lunch after spending the morning shooting each other during paintball. Group decided to go for a lighter meal given the time. Service is quick and efficient. Food is above average Chinese. Some of the dishes we ordered was fried pork chop. Pieces we battered and fried but a little small. Steamed whole sea bass. Garlic and spring onions made this dish very fresh. Fried rice and noodles were typically reliable.  Space is large and old accommodate a group of 12 very easily late afternoon.
This place is dingy though clean. It's painted in a lackluster pastel light blue on the inside. No frills at all here. They serve dim sum the traditional way by having ladies come around with carts. The quality of the food did not convince me. We were also pretty sad that the Chinese Broccoli was not ready yet.... We love our Chinese Broccoli....seriously love it too! They have a very homestyle flavor to their food here. Not that I know what homestyle Chinese food tastes like so much as the food has a really basic flavor to it here. It doesn't really stand out. Some of the dumplings reminded me of Mexican style chicken soup flavor. Not that that is bad really, but still I am used to better tasting dim sum. Service is not bad. They kept on asking if we wanted tea refills which s really good for this kind of place - especially when it's busy. If you do not wish to understand that some people that work and serve food in this country don't speak English terribly well you won't like it here at all and of course - you will mistake it for bad service. Parking is a breeze. This restaurant is in a nice big lot where many of the buildings have pretty Chinese style roofs.
Review regarding Dim Sum: I used to come here a lot, and it used to be good. When I heard they had dim sum, I was so happy. When they brought the first tray, I wanted to leave. They have a very small selection, and it made me want to cry.
JULY 27 2012 people go around in carts or u can order from the menu. The decor is ok. Overall this place is alright the food is not really that great. I would plan not to go to this restaraunt
nothing special
Worst service, workers speaking loud on their phone, flies all over, workers don't speak english, unable to use their own coupon, food sucked.
The dim sum was decent but the selection was small. Price was good but all dim sum places should have good prices!
Lackluster service with takeout quality food. 

My girlfriend and I took her father here. We entered the restaurant and the host was on a personal phone call with her back to the door. We listened to her for a while, then she realized we were there and quickly hung up. We were sat at a table with a dirty table cloth under a pane of glass. 

The president was in town and Channel 8 was showing the speech. I asked if they would show the speech on one of the three TVs which were all turned off. The manager said the TVs were reserved for advertising, and turned on one of the TVs to some type of advertising channel which did not show advertisements for the restaurant (think video games and movies.) The other two were not turned on. 

The menu has approximately 200 entrees and took a while to read. The servers seemed impatient, and I do mean servers, as we had multiple servers.

We got our appetizer, and the server spilled the sauce on the table. She said, "Oops," but did not clean it. The entrees were not far behind, and the same server set the first dish in the sauce she had spilled. 

The food was food, and I cannot say it wasn't. Her dad and I ordered a two person family dinner. It was greasy, bland, and surprisingly poor quality for $15 a person, but it was still food. My girlfriend's hot pot was bad. It was still food too, but she did not enjoy it. We ate until we were full, and then I used the bathroom.

Which brings me to the bathroom. The exterior door was filthy; the kind of filthy which causes you to dread entering the restroom. Think "behind the gas station in Kingman, AZ" dirty. Once in the men's restroom, you will find there are two urinals. The one on the left was leaking onto the floor, and the leak spread under the other urinal. This makes it impossible to use without standing in the leak. The leak runs even further under the stalls, and I imagine your pants would get wet if you had to sit on the toilet. The floor was sticky in the dry spots. 

We shall never return.
Very bad,  waitress!

Bad service, long wait time.  Crazy prizes. Specials not on holidays or weekend is what she told us, But it was a Wednesday (no holiday)....
Service is pretty bad, food is very good. This place is one of the few places in town that does daily dim sum, so i've been here quite a few times. Lots of ultra traditional dishes, so be sure you know what you're ordering or you may be in for a surprise.
This is the dirtiest place to eat Chinese food ever!  We sat down we saw the bowls  and the spoons on our table still have left over rices. One of our water cup has a yellow ring inside and i was able to remove it easily a straw, not sure what it was so we left that cup if water alone!. Either the health inspectors in Las Vegas are too gamblely or they always been doing a lousy inspection job!!
Didn't try the dim sum. I had a hot pot instead.
A few points: 
Rice is extra, only 80 cents, but extra all the same. Not a place you go to for that chinese dinner combo with the soup and egg roll included. 
Not particularly clean. 
$20 min for credit cards.
All things I expect in a more traditional chinese restaurant. 
At any rate, bean curd and mushroom hot pot was actually quite good. 
I didn't see any carts going around with dim sum, so I wasn't able to try any, or maybe I was supposed to ask for a special menu? I don't know, but I'd like to come back and try the dim sum next.
Horrible place. Not happy about this selection a couple of weeks ago.  The service was horrific.  Rude and impatient staff.  Price is weird and they charge you for everything.  Not recommended at all.
My Wife and I were brought here with friends while in Vegas and we really liked it.  I don't understand the reviews but hey it is what it is. All of the food tasted fresh,  plus get this, my service was good.  Now, I can understand why people think the staff is rude, but they were nice enough for my group.  I totally will go back to this place next time I'm in town.
Ehhh, probably didn't help that I had dim sum a week later in SF but I think my whole group agreed that this place was mediocre. 

Service was slow and the ladies weren't the friendliest people. Definitely do not come without someone that can communicate to them.

Food was alright, but it didn't taste very fresh even though we came shortly after they opened on a Sunday morning. It wasn't very busy and there weren't many carts to choose from but I might be spoiled with dim sum joints in CA. 

Overall, food didn't taste fresh nor very good and the lack of service made it a lackluster experience. It was cheap, only ~$10 each with 7 people! But I probably won't be back. 

Tip: They only split card 4 ways so bring cash!
Located at the end of Chinatown Plaza. Average ambiance and interesting layout to fit the dim sum for a quick fix. Nothing novel. Tired gals trudge their carts in circles if you can yield their attention. Bussers clear dishes regularly. Typically loud if groups of Chinese are bussed in.
Terrible place! Food is alright but not the best. There are also these ladies that just push they're ugly carts around the whole restarting forcing you to buy the food on them. I think that's very distracting and annoying! The owners or mangers of the place are like hawks on your shoulders. They literally watch your every move as if you're going to rob the place!! Service isn't that great either.. probably wouldn't reccomend to a friend
This was the worst dim sum ive ever had! Went there for lunch atound 1 pm there food wasnt warm because the lady asked us if we wanted it heated up. We should have just walked out then. There was a hair on the soy sauce container too. Lost our appetite after that. Grocery store dim sum would have been better.
We love dim sum and our most favorites are in SF. We got to this one by accident and it was pretty good we even got some bao with chicken in taste we never has. We also order cod fish ala carta which was excellent. The service was good and even few that spoke reasonable English.
This place opens late. We came here for a really late dinner and we ordered:

Beef Chow Fun: This was ok. It came out hot and they gave a good amount. There was a good balance of beef and noodle.

Thousand Year Old Egg Congee: Eh, this was ok. It was slightly watery. This wasn't the best.

Chinese Donut: This was made fresh. It was really crispy and warm. I liked it.

Won Ton Soup: This wasn't that good. The soup broth tasted more like a chicken broth. The won tons were a bit large too.

Service was good. I think it was because we were the only ones here since it was late. 

The restaurant is large. They have a lot of tables and enough space for larger groups.

Overall, ok place to eat at if there's no other place open.
Good for a dim sum fix, and a cure for a hangover.

They've got all the usuals, normal price for dim sum, and attack you once you sit down.
The dim sum here was pretty good,  and the service was relatively friendly.  The location is right in the center of Chinatown.
One of the worst places I have ever been to. The service is horrific and the server named Chuong is terrible. I made 3 simple requests and he still could not carry it out. The food is decent. Would not recommend, not getting your money's worth.
I came here with my family of 4. we came at 9:50 am and there were 2 tables already here. Right when we sat down they asked us what to drink and rushed us to pick our dim sum before we even poured our tea. My dad asked to give us a second to drink our tea first and the staff started giving us attitude. They neglected us and we're talking to each other (a lot of cussing btw).

The food was the usual but extra strong in MSG and starch. my spareribs and cow stomach was covered in starch. small portions for expensive price. I won't recommend anyone to come.
Terrible. Got here at 9am for some dim sum. Service was sloppy and unprofessional. Then we asked for tea refill, the waitress answered ans said okay and then we see her on her cellphone for like 5 mins and forgot us, so we asked another person. Food wasn't the best either. The decor is dim and dark. The place, table, and plate wasn't all cleaned either. Not worth trying.
My friend did not like his beef dish, and the cut was low quality. I ordered steamed vegeys off the menu- they charged $25 for that. Are they for real? Not planning a return trip.
Worst dim sum service ever. Do not sit in the back room. They forget about you. Usually we always over order but no one came to us. At that point we didn't want to eat anymore. My friend asked for more napkins and she said later and never came back with it. We ordered snow pea sprouts and it never came out. No one came to check on usour anytHing. There were seven of us and they brought us four waters. Honestly I've had better dim sum with more variety too. It only seemed like they had the same three carts rotating. We really didn't want top leave a tip whatsoever but the bus boy was the only one that came to us.
Good dim-sum ruined by extremely bad and rude service.

The dim sum is great, we always get the bbq pork buns, shumai, chicken feet, stir fried noodles, rice noodle with short ribs, etc. 

Service on the other hand was pretty sad. We just ordered five waters and we were halfway full of food before it came out, and we had to ask about 3 different servers.

Not much else to say, this place has great potential, but let's face it. You are in Chinatown. You are in a traditionally ran Asian restaurant which means service is last on the priority list.
I'm shocked this place didn't have better reviews. I debated between a 3 and 4 star.  Either way I would def go back because the dim sum was amazing.  We went on a Saturday where we are used to only getting Dim Sum on Sundays where we live so that was awesome. The staff was super nice.  Lots of selection, the calamari was good, the Taro was very very good! It had the usual dim sum items like chicken feet but had not as common ones like the whole baby fish and bitter melon.
Their foods are really shitty, I got food poisoning here and I can't even stop throwing up and shitting like AVOID THIS PLACE IF YOU CAN
Have not been here in years AND WILL NEVER GO BACK!!!!!, After reading the other reviews it seems as though nothing has changed.  I still remember the visit here vividly as it was the worst experience i have ever had at any restaurant in my entire life!
I remember how dirty the place felt with the tacky decor, should have been a sign to run. Second issue the host had attitude to seat us in a booth with two children said no children allowed in booth. Didn't wanna hassle finding another place though because kids were hungry.
We ordered walnut shrimp, Mongolian beef, salt n pepper pork chop and fried rice.
About thirty minutes later I ask a guy where our food was. He said what food!? So I say never mind we are leaving. The original lady who took our order saw we were trying to leave started shouting "why u leave no pay, food coming u need to wait" [sic] 5 min later they proceeded to bring out food, they brought out fried shrimp, soup and Chinese broccoli. I said we didn't order this. She argued yes you did. By now I'm so livid I didn't wanna make a scene so I asked my husband to deal with them before I explode. So I go to the car. 20 minutes later he is walking to the car with the food we didn't order and I guess our order then I see the lady chasing him and saying no tip for me not even one dollar!! OMG are you serious?????!!!!!! She had the audacity to literary follow him outside and say this in the parking lot! Of course no tip, not after the absolute worst service ever !! That I thought was the worst part. My husband gets in the car to tell me the check was $83 meaning they charged us for the food we did not order!!!!!!!!!!!! He said the host who takes the checks wouldn't budge and said how does he know its not our fault and we keeping the food anyways even though we said we didn't want it he said ok we still made food if u keep or throw away u still have to pay! Unbelievable!!! If you want to experience a nightmare go here! Not saying your experience will be as horrendous as mine , but just thought I'd share my dining out nightmare here as I can see I'm not alone In this. 
Yelp should have a "worst restaurant poll" guarantee this will come up! Shut harbor palace down!!!
It was an ok price for the food. The food has a good taste. I ordered the Chicken Wings and it was soooo gooooooood. If you check in you get a free egg roll. I gave this place a 4 star because they gave me a veggie egg roll.
Walked in on a Wednesday, and there wasn't a wait. I can see why. The carts took FOREVER to come around. The "servers" were MIA. Asked for a soda, and it took about 20 minutes to come. The food here is blehhh. The service is nonexistent.... The people rolling the carts, rolled right passed us and didn't even ask if we wanted anything! RIDICULOUS!!!! Probably will never come here again. Sticking to Cathay House!
Horrible service. Waitress didn't understand the order. Dirty. No paper towels in bathroom. They didn't wash their cups before they gave them to us. Had nasty residue on the bottom. Disgusting never coming here again.
Had dimsum here today, the usual siomai, hagao, spare ribs, chicken feet, sticky rice and veggie dimsum. All for $23.00 and we're very satisfied! Yum.
I love, LOVE dim sum and my family and I have been coming here for over 6 years for their dim sum. Honestly I haven't found a place that serves anything better than this place. I gave three stars because their service is mediocre. It's impossible to ever get any ones attention and good luck with sitting the corner of the restaurant-- you'll have to holler at the cart ladies to even come your way.
The service was aweful. Staff seemed to be passed off at life. The food was not that great.
very nasty food and service,,, house fried rice taste like poh poh and fish entree is a no no...overall a nasty place and oh receipt is all in chinese and has no breakdown.....
Nothing says "I'm thankful for American independence" like 1AM dim sum on the 4th of July! This place is regularly open til 5AM, which further begs the question: how I have I not been here before?!

Late night dim sum menu is about 15 items, we sampled quite a few.
Steamed pork buns were solid, pork shumai were tasty, shrimp balls were fresh, beef tripe was not my bag, and the noodle in the spare rib rolled noodle dish had an odd flowery aftertaste. 

Overall, flavors were solid and pricing was fair. Service was nonexistent despite 4 employees walking around. Orchid Garden is my usual go-to spot for gut-busting amounts of dim sum, and it sort of works in Harbor Palace's favor that they have a limited menu: I can come by more often without completely throwing my health goals out the window!
If you are in the mood for a decent Chinese meal, the Golden Dragon is the place to go. Situated in the heart of the New Town area of Edinburgh, the Golden Dragon in right in the centre of the city and is just a short walk from the main shopping street, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach. 

The inside of the restaurant is very large and spacious with lots of tables, and they are able to cater for large private parties and so it is worth enquiring about this. The Golden Dragon offers an expansive menu filled with authentic Chinese dishes. I came here for dinner for the first time several weeks ago and I had the most delicious tasting food. I ordered the sesame prawn toast for my starter which was really tasty and the prawns were cooked perfectly, and it wasn't greasy and oily like I have sometimes tasted it. I then had the chili beef for my main course which was even better than the starter. It was nice and spicy without being too hot that it blew my head off and ruined the meal. There were so many flavours going on in the dish and all the ingredients lasted really fresh - absolutely yummy! The egg fried rice was also amazingly cooked. The Golden Dragon's menu offers a good selection of vegetarian and seafood dishes and so there is bound to be something to suit everyone on the menu. 

The staff were also super friendly and welcoming and were very patient with me when they explained exactly what each dish was on the menu! The Golden Dragon is a fantastic Chinese restaurant in the heart of the city which is definitely worth a visit.
Very mediocre, and overpriced for the quality of the food we were served.  The duck soup was incredibly fatty and salty and hubby's chicken something was of a very generic flavor and texture.  Reminded me of the Chinese leftovers you eat when you have nothing left in the fridge.
Very average Chinese food, at least by London standards. The menu has quite an authentic selection of dishes. Unfortunately, the cooking quality was not the best.
Price-wise it was good value, and the atmosphere inside is very conducive for a quiet dinner and for serious discussions over dinner. Plus, great location.
The London Insider

http://www.london-insider.co.uk/
Kind of gross. The 2nd worst Chinese restaurant I have been to in my life-- first being Aunty Chang's in Houston, TX. 

Let's just comment on the fact that the hot & sour soup is 5.10GBP per small bowl-- that is wildly ridiculous when you can sit down at a local pub for a full meal for that price. 

We ordered Mabo Tofu & Yushan beef (aka garlic beef sometimes), which are very normal Chinese dishes.  The Mabo tofu came out barely covering the bottom of the plate (skimpy quantity), tasting not like normal/authentic Mabo tofu but edible, except for the bijillion poppy seeds in the dish that you would have to pick out ( I am totally not exaggerating). 

Then the yushan beef came out looking quite bland.  We called the waiter over to make sure that is actually the right dish, and he gave us the snobby "this is what Westerner do.  It's not like Yushan beef in China, it's a garlic sauce here."  Excuse me!?  You can't even speak English & you are telling me, an American, what "westerners" expect in a Chinese dish?!  What a joke.  Yes, the dish is sometimes, in some places, called garlic beef, but the cooking methods and sauces and tastes never alter.  It is supposed to be a mildly sweet dish with shredded veggies and meat in brown sauce.  In Golden Dragon's case, we had chunks of vegetable and meat in some weird sauce (& no garlic to be found either).  

To make things worse, they charge a 10% service charge.  You are stuck with it whether you liked the food/service or not. 

What a rip off.
The Golden Dragon has an east to find location right off of Rose street and unlike other Cantonese places in the city they do not require reservations. The staff was friendly and the food was pretty good. It was not the most amazing Chinese food I have ever had but for stumbling upon it on a cold Saturday night, it was great. I will probably try a new place before coming back, but for a quick dinner give it a shot.
found this place roaming around the city and came the next 2 days for dinner. Great chinese food here, large spacious 2nd floor dining area with large windows overlooking the street below. A great selection of beijing cuisine as well as other chinese dishes. The price is very reasionable for chinese food in the UK and portions are generous. Taste is quite authentic as well and steamed rice is free! For you shrimp cracker fans, a free bowl of them is brought up as soon as you take your seat. I suggest West Lake soup for those that are looking to order soup as it is very good. The 2nd meal i had the hot and sour soup but is a bit too strong and sour for my liking.
This West End restaurant holds the honour of being Edinburgh's oldest chinese restaurant! (Or so it claims). It's over 50 years old, and it's become such a local favourite they're some people who've been visiting for quite a few decades. The name is a little bit dodgy, but the food definitely isn't!

The restaurant specialises in Cantonese and Peking cuisine, and there's sooooo much choice on the menu it's difficult to decide what to have. Like many chinese restaurants, the desserts menu isn't elaborate and there is something with banana's in it; this seems to be a constant in just about any chinese restaurant I've been to! 

One great sign in this restaurant is that there are actual Chinese people frequently eating there, as we all know its most difficult to please the home crowd.
Been going to this place for years.  The lunch buffet is far superior to anything offered by China China or Jimmy Chungs.  Staff a pretty miserable lot at lunchtimes though, but it being a buffet you don't have to interact with them a great deal.
Rendevous isn't too expensive and the food is OK, so overall not too bad.

I first went in for the buffet lunch which had a really good selection of food which was all piping hot, but some of it had been out for a while and that reduced the quality a bit, but with the selection on offer and the price (£7.99 per person) I can't complain. The take away options are much fresher and at £4-5 for main dish I really like this option too, the sizes are decent as well.

The first 2-3 times I went in I found the staff to be a bit grumpy, and the decor a bit old, but the good food kept me coming back, especially for take away. The last time I went in though all the staff were really friendly which was nice, hopefully the customer care is on the up.
The most important thing about a restaurant is the food, in that respect rendevous does well as it has a tasty selection at very reasonable prices. For food alone I'd give it 4 stars. 

After food quality I'd go for service and here rendevous is a bit lacking I'm afraid. On my first few visits for eating in and take away I was served by scowling staff who couldn't manage a smile, a thank you and looked at me like I had two heads when I said I didn't want to have rice or noodles, I had change slammed down on the counter without a thank you when my take away was ready and no hint of a "thank you, please come again." I don't mean this in a bad way as it was quite funny and in some ways it became a bit of a running joke. However, the last time I was in a young girl served me and she as super nice and friendly so hopefully things are on the up..
I can't begin to tell Yelp how disappointed I am in Fu.  I am staying at the Hard Rock Hotel on business.  My colleague and myself are sitting in our room watching the BCS National Championship game.  We decided we did not want to go far for dinner, so we chose the closest restaurant to our elevator.  We placed our order at the hostess counter, so far so good.  When it is time to pick up our food, I ask the hostess for a couple of plates so that we may enjoy our dinner in the room.  SHE REFUSED TO GIVE US PLATES.  Are you kidding me???  I explained that we are staying at the hotel (we charged dinner to our room).  I even told her that I would bring the plates back when we finished.  She was not having any of it.  I had to call room service to bring me plates.  RIDICULOUS.  We finally got the plates.  I wish they had never come.  The food was bland.  The rice was under cooked.  The Pad Thai had no flavor whatsoever.  It tasted like Panda Express on a BAD Night.  FAIIL.
Not good, stay away. I was very close to dishing out a 1 Star rating but I decided it was worthy of two, I am careful how I dish out the 1 star rating. Food was bland, not much flavor in anything. They claimed chicken was all white breast meat but it was more like mystery meat to me. Place was near empty, not busy at all yet we still waited forever for our food.
Fu which means good luck in Chinese, just recently opened at Hard Rock Hotel. This   establishment serves authentic Chinese food along with other Asian inspired foods such as Vietnamese and Thai, but mostly Chinese.
 
This is located inside the new section of Hard Rock Hotel.

The atmosphere of Fu had an Asian modern feel.

Food:

Things we ordered were;

Jelly Fish, which was delicious. 

The Duck, roasted to perfection, giving it's natural juices an appealing taste was you chew in your mouth.

Pork, which was tender and juicy

Noodles for long life.

Shrimp with some kind of BBQ sauce.

and of course the fried rice.

The Chinese food was  a bit too authentic for me but i still enjoyed it and would love to bring my friends here for real authentic Chinese food.

The service in Fu was great! The waiters were all tentative. If they noticed your plate was too dirty they would change it right away.

This restaurant is a casual/fine dining service.

Try this place out now if your into authentic Chinese. I must warn you this place is nothing like Pf Chang's.
Wow - I am so surprised at the reviews of FU. I am glad I didn't read them before we decided to try it out this past weekend. The food was excellent, the service was amazing and the server we had was very knowledgeable of the better dishes on the menu.
We ordered the Thai Spicy Basil Chicken lettuce wraps, which were spicy and the flavor was excellent. The Curry Lobster puffs were a little less spicy, but excellent option that reminded me of the Crab & cream cheese wontons of the regular Chinese restaurants only better. Then for dinner we had the Kung Pao Chicken and it was excellent as well. The portions are larger family style so there is plenty to share between two people. The rice was soft and fluffy as well (unlike one of the previous reviews). We did not have dessert but I did try the Year of the Dog cocktail which was yummy as well. 
With our experience, it is shocking to have read the other reviews. Maybe they took a look at the reviews and up'ed the anti on their service & the quality of the food. Hopefully there will be more good reviews in their future.
Excellent food ..tried the kung pao chicken, Mongolian beef, honey walnut shrimp, and shrimp fried rice ...very tasty with high quality ingredients ..service was excellent ..final bill was $75 for four people and we were all stuffed
After hours of walking the convention center and overhearing people talking about Chinese food, I was starving and started thinking about lunch. I walked by Fu several times on my way to my room at the HRH Towers and it was empty each time. I had to pack up and leave so I decided to stop in and give a try before I left for the airport.

Waiters were on their game - very attentive. My order is about as white as it gets - but for the record, I have been to China and I know how to use chopsticks. I started off with egg roll appetizers. Loved the presentation, and great flavor. The sweet and sour just perfect and super spicy hot mustard. YES...you can screw up eggrolls. They did not.

Wanted to order off the main menu but realized I should probably keep it simple and stick to lunch portions. So I ordered the General's Chicken off the lunch menu which came in a rice bowl and came with Eggflower soup. $11? Wait, I am in Vegas, right? Of course, you'll get nailed for a soda at $4 but who cares. This was the BEST chicken I've had in a really long time! Perfectly spicy, tangy, sweet - YUM! All white meat chicken, cooked perfectly with no weird gooey parts. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. The Eggflower soup had plenty of mushrooms and veggies in it also - made for a delicious.

I definitely got my Chinese fix for the year! Lots of food, great atmosphere, friendly service and high quality food at a decent price. I would definitely recommend!!!!
I like the food here a lot. I've been 2 times so far, and each time, the food was a cut above the run of the mill offerings in this food genre. In fact, if I was rating the food alone, this would have been a solid 4.
They lost a star however, due to the service. The first time, I thought it was a fluke, so I held off on the review until having the chance to visit them again, but the second time was no better.
It's not that it was bad service by any means, it was what I would call weird service. The first time, we got a very pleasant Asian waiter, who was friendly, attentive, and barely spoke a lick of English. Which was charming at first, but when 3 different dishes came out that were not what we ordered, charming quickly became annoying.
The second time, we got an English speaking waiter, who was just a little "off". It's hard to say what went wrong, and I hesitate to call someone overly-attentive, but they were oddly-overly-attentive, hovering around the table, breaking into our conversations too frequently, and two times, he tried to grab my drink before I was finished. I hate that.
In any case, it's a 4 for the food, but the service dragged it down to a 3.
I will go back though. It's brand new, and if they read their online reviews, they will get better at what they do. I would still recommend this restaurant.
Checked into the Hard Rock and received a $20.00 off coupon for Fu.  Decided to give it a try.   The result?  We found an enjoyable new place that hit the spot although it didn't hit every spot.

Fu is Asian Fusion.  The staff was friendly although they did forget to apply the coupon and had to redo the bill.  (They did however give me my change which made me very happy and earned a bigger tip.)

First the tasty.  The Shrimp Dumplings were excellent with a delicate sauce giving them a burst of flavor.  The ribs were in a tasty plum sauce but alas it was over the top in sweetness.  I had to take some chili paste to tone it down.  Go figure.  Still the ribs tasted good once the sweetness died down.

For entrees we had the pan fried noodles with shrimp, scallops, chicken and mushrooms.  This was my favorite dish although my plus one did not like the noodles as much as I.  The dish was well prepared.

Our waitress recommended the steak tenderloins which we tried. The sauce was the star as the tenderloin strips were cooked perfectly but without the sauce, lacked the flavor you get from a steak establishment.  The sauce however was divine and I could have licked the bowl.

The drink menu is limited and the deserts are lacking.  Without the coupon this would have cost us $80.00 (2 apps, noodles and 1 entree plus a drink).  A little pricey but not out of line considering we couldn't finish everything.

All in all, Fu has the potential to be a hit but needs more consistency.
I've been to FU 2x now and both times I have been pretty happy with the food and service. Both times I dined there, I had shrimp dumplings that were beautiful and delicious! Along side I had Ox-Tail soup that was delicious.. and another time I enjoyed pad thai.. so the place specializes in Asian fare from many styles.

Both times I ate there.. it was with a friend , and both times the bill was around $60 for both of us. So its not extremely expensive, but its not cheap... Though overall its a good quality product they serve so that makes it even more worth it. I am sure I will be back for more of something sooner or later as it is in my neighborhood.. until then.. Happy Eating!
Was very shocked that this place was not full, especially during Restaurant Week. Normally this is a big Red Flag for me, as I am concerned when a restaurant is not busy during peak dinner hours. But what a pleasant surprise for us. This place is like a hidden gem. Great food and service, with a trendy/hip decor. 

We stayed mostly on the Restaurant Week menu, and it was worth the price. We did have one appetizer that was not on our prefixed menu, this was the chilled shrimp with the spicy jellyfish. This was really good and had a nice kick to it. It might have needed just a degree or two more spice, but it was great for me! The texture of the jellyfish might not please everyone, as it had a slight crunch with a texture of Udon noodles. Our first course was a Asian Tapas sampler: Pan Fried Shrimp Dumplings with Chili Aioli, Pan Fried Pork Potstickers, and Spicy Wontons. All three were really good, with our unanimous winner being the fried shrimp dumpling. Second course was a choice of: Wok seared Salmon with Ginger Basil sauce, or Grilled BBQ Korean Short Ribs, or Honey Walnut Shrimp with Lemon Aioli. Since there was four in our group, we easily all shared. The ribs were amazing. Perfectly prepared with a side of kimchee. The shrimp was really good and they were of great size too. The salmon was delicious as well. The ginger basil added just the right amount of zest to the perfectly cooked piece of fish. Nice size portions on all the entrees. Our final course was the dessert trio of: Chocolate Ganache, Lemongrass Gelee with Coconut Tapioca, and finally Lychee Mochi Ice Cream. Each one of us liked different ones for different reasons, so be sure to ask the staff questions based on your personal tastes or desires. I will add that the wine prices were right on line with other restaurants of this price range. Average amount of selections of wines and beers.

This leads me into the staff, OUTSTANDING service! They were on top of everything! We had several questions through out the meal and they directed us in good directions based on our specific tastes. All in all, this was a great meal for the price. The only possible draw back might be the location in the Hard Rock, as it should have been very busy the whole evening. We all said we would go back there again.
I was shocked that great chinese food existed on the Las Vegas Strip area. The fusion of all the flavors of the orient come together in harmony here at FU in the Hard Rock Hotel. 

The chicken fried rice was very simple, yet delicious. The kung pao chicken was nice and sweet with a little bit of tang and spicyness. I really enjoyed the dragon shrimp. Big jumbo shrimp with water chestnuts and broccoli, coated in a sweet citrus sauce...TO DIE FOR! The cocktail I had was called " Monkey". It was made with gin and cucumber lemon water, topped with club soda...very refreshing!

Very hip and trendy spot. Loved the Asian decor. Our waiter was very polite and friendly. Highly recommend this spot. It is truly a hidden gem in the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas!
Last on my agenda for Restaurant Week was Fu at the Hard Rock Hotel.  Lovely to look at outside the red footbridge that leads inside, I also found this restaurant to serve colorful and very tasty Cantonese food in a relaxed setting.  Diane and I were seated on a comfortable banquette and a Chinese-themed chair behind a black lacquered table.

This was our best bargain of RW, because for $30.13 the first course for each person included an Asian Tapas Sampler that consisted of a Steamed Shrimp Dumpling with Chili Aioli, Pan Fried Pork Potsticker, and a Spicy Wonton; the second course a choice of Wok Seared Salmon with Ginger Basil Sauce, Grilled BBQ Korean Short Ribs, or Honey Walnut Shrimp with Lemon Aioli; and the third course a Dessert Trio of Chocolate Ganache, Lemongrass Gelee with Coconut Tapioca, and Lychee Mochi Ice Cream.  None of the appetizers or desserts could be ordered in such combinations off the regular menu except to pay for each item separately.

The potsticker was excellent with Ginger Sauce.  I didn't find the wonton to be spicy at all.  And, I quickly gobbled up the delicious steamed dumpling.  Since I was very hungry and wanted to thoroughly check this place out, plus present a more comprehensive review, I also ordered a bowl of Spicy Chicken Hot & Sour Soup, which was nicely hot and spicy as billed, with morsels of chicken, bamboo shoots, Wood Ear Mushrooms, Green Onions, and Black and Glass Noodles--a fairly mild but still spicy, good-sized serving for one diner.

Lucky for me, Diane had a Hard Rock Hotel BOGO coupon for Fu from the night before when we had become introduced to Culinary Dropout, so besides two entrees of Honey Walnut Shrimp, we were also presented with our ordered choice of Kung Pao Chicken.  Diane got her Walnut Shrimp devegetablized but I enjoyed the cool cucumber slices that served to offset the warm and large battered shrimps.  The Lemon Aioli on this dish was subtle, the shrimps were succulent, and the candied walnuts were neatly covered with sesame seeds.  This entree was quite large in size.

Indeed, there is no noticeable portion control in operation here.  The Kung Pao Chicken that was plunked before me on a platter was easily enough to serve two (even though I ate two entrees by myself).  But I'm a big boy with a big appetite!  LOL!  This was dead-ahead Cantonese Kung Pao Chicken just mildly spicy with slices of Red and Green Bell Pepper, mostly whole peanuts, and no visible Chili Peppers.  The spice emanated from the Brown Sauce in which the large tender hunks of chicken and other ingredients were bathed.  No filler like celery was present, and no fat clung to the top-tier chicken.

In the assemblage of desserts, the tapioca tasted lemony, and the mochi resembled the flavor of vanilla.  The Chocolate Ganache with chocolate rabbit ears on top, and cake underneath, was fabulous.  Even the smooth and hot Jasmine Mist Organic Tea was great!  And, refilled ceramic pots just kept on coming for the extensive duration of our dinner.  The meal lasted long because I was barely able to finish all of the fine Cantonese food laid out before me.  But eventually I did!

Thumping music added to the otherwise serene ambiance.  And, service was friendly and excellent, and so accommodating that when I asked for Sweet & Low, although I found out that it is not normally served in the restaurant (Splenda and Equal are), a server on his own initiative left the restaurant to get some from Room Service, and quickly returned with a large supply of pink packets.

This was a great way for us to bid goodbye to Restaurant Week just before we left for California.  And, we will surely be back for more of the wonderful Cantonese food so graciously served at Fu.
Excellent food!!

The lobster puff balls are really good!!

Try all the Tapas on the menu!!!

Tony the manager is super friendly and remembers your name and makes you feel right at home! :)
What's up FU!?  This place is located in the HRH and easy to get to.  It's just a little pricey - when compared to ChinaTown restaurants.  If you're a little drunk and in a need for a quick fix, this is the place to be.  Give them a try.
Great food!

We were weary about going in because we could clearly see that the place was near empty. Every other restaurant we had passed by at the Hard Rock was much more full than this place and I'm generally concerned about the quality of the food when no one is eating there.

We took the chance anyway. I'm glad we did!

We ordered lots of food and the only slight bummer was the duck was a little bit dry. Other than that everything was so tasty. 

The specialty drinks and shots are great too! After dinner we ordered the Rabbit shot. Then we ordered it again. Our server was super friendly too.
We tried out Fu because we got a coupon upon check in and decided to give it a try. The food is excellent. The fun noddles were absolutely delicious as were the steamed buns. My boyfriend had Kung pao chicken and said it was amazing. We started with fun unique cocktails. Our server was extremely friendly and super attentive which really made it a nice experience. Definitely share items or order one by one because the portions are enough to share.
Of course, since it's an Asian restaurant, I wasn't worried that they wouldn't have vegan options. Their website touts a kung pao vegan "chicken." I didn't see it on the menu, so instead of asking, because I was ravenous at the time, I ordered the kung pao tofu. I asked if it had vegetables. 'Red and green peppers.' I wanted more vegetables. He added broccoli to it for me! I love broccoli. There were a handful of other vegetarian options as well. This dish was VERY saucy, perhaps a little too saucy, but it was tasty.

The dishes come with white rice. I asked for brown. It's not true brown rice. It must have been that 5% brown I've heard about. I almost couldn't tell the difference between the brown and the white rice that came with my boyfriend's chicken entree (which was much healthier than mine since it wasn't doused in sauce - but perhaps the cholesterol tradeoff evens that out).

We went at a slow time in the afternoon on a Thursday. The hostess was kind. The waiters were very helpful and friendly. The decor was wonderful. The half eggshells on the walls, insides painted gold, make a nice reflection for the lights that fill the room. Very charming.
there should be space for 4.5 stars because this was excellent but not "as good as it gets". went here because i had a casino dining credit that I had to use. Wasnt expecting much but the food was delicious. The pepper steak was succulent pieces of steak cooked to perfection. The mapo tofu was about 8/10 delicious indeed. Service was prompt. Im a fan I can't wait for my next casino comp! really suprised anyone could give this less than 4 stars it really was a fantastic meal.
After my trip to China, I went here with the family for a graduation dinner celebration.  The place is modern and clean.  The place was empty.

We got a bunch of entrees to share: Hong Kong Chow Mein, Tropical Fried Rice, Beef with Broccoli, Honey Walnut Shrimp, Wok-Fired Salmon with Thai Basil Sauce and Chicken with Mixed Veggies.  I liked the Salmon with Thai Basil Sauce - it was breaded and crispy fried and the sauce was good. Everything else tasted alright.  You can get better tasting food for much less in Chinatown.

The desserts were pretty good.  We had the mango pudding - tasted like real mangoes instead of fake medicine-tasting garbage.  We also got the banana spring rolls with ice cream.

I feel bad for the hostess wearing a cheong sam.  One passerby was like "you're not even Chinese! You're Mexican!"  Yup, this is faux Chinese/ faux Asian at its finest!
I am big fan of this restaurant. I feel bad that it does not get as many guest as it deserves.  It has a great service and a good selection with awesome hospitality.

I stopped by for lunch and got two dishes for under $20 and the food came out quick.  The server was awesome and the ambiance was chill.

FU in Chinese means good fortune for anyone who doesn't know that and it was good fortune for me.

I got the lunch special Sweet and Sour Pork and the the lobster crab ragoon.  Both were yummy and I even had enough for left overs.

dp
Maybe it was because we were starving but I highly doubt it. This place is quite empty but the food was really good! It is served family style. I HIGHLY recommend the garlic noodles and the Stir Fry Chicken with Eggplant and Basil. I am dreaming of that plate currently. Best I've had hands down! Chicken Fried Rice was good -- not too greasy and flavorful.
Love it!  Have been there twice so far and will go again. . .I hope it makes it because both times the place was empty.  It is my new favorite Chinese dining place. . .My husband loved it also and he is not a huge fan of Chinese food. . Service is good and so is atmosphere. . .We had the garlic noodles both times..I had Mongolian Beef and loved it.  It was mildly seasoned which I found appealing and the beef was as tender as I have ever had. . . Had that the second time as well!.  My husband had the Honey Walnut Shrimp and he was pleased.  We tried the General's chicken, it was good but not as good as the other dishes that we tried.  We also enjoyed vegetable egg rolls!
I dined here twice - the first time was a to go lunch bowl and we had a sit down dinner last night. My lunch bowl was spicy Kung pao chicken and I ate every bite of it.

Last night we had vegetable spring rolls for an appetizer. Hubby chose the Kung pao chicken and I has shrimp and pork wonton soup with rice noodles.

The portions were decent- hubby ate almost all of his entree and I finished about half of my soup (the bowl was pretty large).

Refills on soda are not free - you will be charged.
Delicious, plain and simple.  Dishes are not greasy, full of flavor, and not skimpy on the meat (like cheap joints that only give you a few pieces of chicken in the Kung pao).

The Spicy Mongolian beef was excellent, as was the Kung Pao.  I ordered a 'Dog' cocktail as well, which is like a Piña Colada, and it was strong and tasty.  Worth the $14.
The food was great and came out quick. Jarod was a great server and made the whole dinner amazing. Will come again next time we visit.
I am Chinese and I have been to almost every Chinese restaurant off the strip in Vegas and I had been to some high-end strip Chinese restaurant such as Jasmin. I have to say Fu is an unique Chinese American fusion culinary experience and it was worth every penny I paid. Like many Chinese, I was initially skeptical about over priced Chinese food. But boy was I glad I made the choice to come here.

For a party of four, we ordered the miso sea bass wrap and the baby back pork rib. Both were outstanding. For main entrees, we had grilled beef tenderloin with Fu sauce, wok fried salmon with creamy Thai basil sauce, eggplant with pork, and garlic noodle. I was so impressed with the uniqueness of the sauce, and the perfect balance of tastes in each dish. For dessert, we ordered the mango pudding and the banana spring rolls with ice cream. That topped off an outstanding meal with great company.

You cannot view Fu in the same category as your traditional Chinese restaurants. Fu epitomizes what a good Chinese fusion restaurant should be. It introduces new senses to the palate, and it boldly adds new flavors to some otherwise very simple dishes. It truly is worth the money
Kind of expensive, and so so service. 
The lettuce wraps tasted weird and weren't very good, the xo green beans were just okay for $13, and the shrimp tasted flavorless and fishy. 
No wonder it was pretty empty.
2 stars for the service n decor...If you want Chinese food, you could do better with any Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. To do Fusion well, you first have to do authentic well. 
For the price you'd expect something more but no such (Fu) luck after dining here 2x...the food is just not very special.
It might be because being in a hotel they are catering to the visitors and consistency do not matter much...too bad for us locals.
FU is a good restaurant in the same vein as Chin Chin's, P.F. Chang's and other mainstream Chinese restaurants that's not the hole in the wall down and dirty Chinatown styled nor the cheap steamtray  mall fare like Panda Express or even Pick Up Stix (which does cook to order).

The service is good here.  The food, and I'm Cantonese, is good.  The prices and portions of course are high and low... smaller portions for higher rates compared to Chinatown area restaurants.  But keep in mind, this is in the Hard Rock.  This has a different ambient vibe. 

The food is authentic in that it's good food.  

If you're craving Chinese food, this is a good place.  If you're taking a date to Chinese food, this is a good place that's not ghetto or down and dirty dining (the type of place you'd take your girlfriend of 10+ years you're now taking for granted or your wife and kids for eats).  This is a good "white folk friendly" Chinese restaurant, meaning some of the waitstaff are non-Asian and speak perfect English, any Asian women working here are not old  Mama-San's nor the FOB or China Doll types, but are mainstream young Asian Americans that non-Asians can relate to, and the place is very very very clean.  So, it's a really nice place to visit and has a positive and clean vibe to it.
This was one of the finest meals that I have EVER had in Las Vegas. The food is DELICIOUS! Presentations are splendid and the service is impeccable. The appetizers were amazing and we all thought that is WAS special, contrary to another review that I read. From the steamed shrimp dumplings to the barbecued  spare ribs, each appetizer was a great surprise and left us wanting to order more of the same!  This restaurant is a hidden little jewel tucked inside of The Hard Rock Hotel. MyPeking Duck was amazing---crispy skin and succulent meat delicately carved and served with tender pancakes and Hoisin sauce, shredded green onions and finely sliced greens.The portions are generous. The Honey Walnut Shrimp was out of this world. Although the wine list could improve, I can't wait to return to enjoy this brilliant chef's fare again and again. 

Thank You for a most spectacular dining experience!

Dr. Jan Broberg Carter, Portland, Maine
Went for the first time today and loved it. Will definitely go again soon and try out some more dishes.
Staff was awesome and very helpful - food was delicious and a great value compared to Nobu
Good, solid Asian fare.   We were there at the tail end of lunch time on a Sunday so while our service was excellent we may not be the best data point since the place was almost empty.   Food was delicious though and the lunch specials (~$9 for soup, egg roll and the entrée with rice) might have been the best deal of our entire stay.  

I noticed they were doing a ton of takeout orders - this struck me as odd.  Where do you take your takeout food to when you're in a Vegas resort?  You're not allowed to bring food in the pool so where else?  Your room?  Weird...
family style dining. was great
I ordered the walnut shrimp and fried rice. It was delicious! The portion sizes are huge and I couldn't finish the meal. Great Asian dishes here!!
Not Ordinary Asian! 

This was among the BEST Asian food I have ever had in the Las Vegas area. Delicious from the Hot and Sour Soup to the Walnut Shrimp and Crab cakes in between. The food presentation was clean neat and crisp. Service was near the top but not many people there. I had an early dinner. Even the cheap desert was Mangolicious. My bill was $50 for one and while dining alone is not much fun I would do it again. OUTSTANDING SERVICE! Keep up the good work.
I was working at the Hard Rock Hotel for five days and ended up eating at almost every establishment there.

The food at Fu is floating around the rankings of P.F. Chang's. Given the choice between the two, I would choose P.F. Chang's though.

The Chinese horoscope themed drinks were good. They were strong for fruity concoctions.

We ordered two types of edamame to snack on while we waited for out order to arrive. One regular with salt and one with a spicy seasoning. The spicy one was pretty good, not too spicy, but flavorful.

We also had the crispy vegetable egg rolls. They were tasty and perfectly fried.

For my main dishes I had the garlic green beans, garlic noodles, and the duck. They were all alright, they could have used a little more flavor. I would still order them all again as is though.

The service was nice as well. Someone at our table didn't quite understand the complexities of the lazy Susan and ended up spilling a glass of water into my duck. They staff immediately cleaned it up and brought a new plate of duck.

There are so many better options to eat at Vegas, but if you have to eat at the Hard Rock Hotel, Fu isn't too bad of an option.
It was completely dead in here the day we came in for an early dinner. Like, we were literally the only people in the restaurant.

Service was excellent. Of course, how could it not be with no one else to wait on?

The food was good. It seemed like standard fare Chinese food. Prices weren't that extravagant either.
Very fresh and well made Asian cuisine. I went with a classic Chinese dish, beef with broccoli and the broccoli was steamed well and was firm, not mush. The beef was tender and perfectly cooked.  Plus it wasn't swimming in sauce.  

We hit it up during a very late lunch and there was only us and another table, so service was great.  Really nice setting. 

It was a good experience, I would recommend.
This place is nothing more than really Americanized and not so good Asian food.  Fusion--ha!  If you mix crap with crap you still have crap.

I had the duck with plum sauce--greasy with mushy skin (should be crispy).  Plum sauce was essentially flavorless duck sauce (not sauce for duck, but that sweet apricot sauce that comes in those little packets).  Served with stale rice without any aromatics.  Heck, minute rice has more flavor.  

If the food was even 1/2 as good as frozen Chinese food from my grocery store, then the price would still be too high.  

Only plus was that our server was friendly.  

Hard Rock--give this place a hard kick out of your casino!
Great staff , good food, very accommodating staff quick service.recommend when with a large
Group ask just for a bunch of different dishes and wait to see what the restaurant brings you , we did and it was fun 
The hot and sour soap is very good.
Great great food, very friendly service, best prices in town. 
Highly recommended!!!!!!
This cute little place opened where Picazzo's used to be on Bell Rd by the QT just a few weeks ago. It's definitely NOT 5 stars as given by S.B. but it's got potential. Surprise is DESPERATE for quality Asian food. Saigon Kitchen is great Vietnamese but we could really use a GOOD Chinese place and no...Pei Wei is NOT good Chinese. 

The service staff is VERY green, but they are very attentive, polite, and aim to please. The hostesses are adorable and enthusiastic, albeit very young, and very inexperienced BUT in a charming kind of way. Our server was very nice, very prompt, and apologetic for the newness of the restaurant and the kinks. (Suggestion-please don't have the hostesses dress like they are going to prom. It makes them seem even younger and more inexperienced than they already are) 

The atmosphere is very clean and professional looking but you wouldn't know you were walking in to an Asian restaurant at all. I guess because I KNOW this used to be Picazzos...but they didn't change the decor AT ALL. The patio tables could use some sort of covering on them. The metal mesh tables weren't great when Picazzos owned the place and they still aren't great now.  A table cloth would be nice...or something more substantial than the metal mesh. 

The food. I'll be kind and say it has potential. We had the chicken lettuce wraps and the sampler platter for an appetizer. The filling for the lettuce wraps was VERY plentiful but it lacked flavor. Even the sauce that they brought along with it, which I think was some sort of peanut sauce was very under-seasoned. The sampler had 2 of the following: egg rolls, crab puffs, wontons, chicken skewers, and fried shrimp. Everything was under-seasoned. There was no sauce for dipping either so that didn't help. 

Our entrees included Volcano Beef, Filet Mignon, Orange Zest Chicken and Mongolian chicken. These dishes were much better than the very underwhelming appetizers. While they were more flavorful than the apps, they were still very cautiously seasoned. All dishes come with white rice. If you want fried rice there is an additional $4 charge. They do not offer brown rice as an option. The menu is pretty common with most Cantonese style restaurants though so there is something for everyone. We liked each dish but hope that, with time, these will blossom into bolder seasoning and bigger flavor. Even adding salt would be a good start. And please don't under-season because of the Sun City crowd. They will be gone soon and you will need to cater to the people who live here year round. Trust me, we like SEASONED food. 

We concluded with dessert after getting our hopes up from the main dishes but to say dessert fell flat is an understatement. We ordered the dessert sampler which included mochi, fruit soup, and tiramisu. The tiramisu is obviously frozen and not house made nor was it made with ladyfingers. It was super dry on the lower layer bordering on stale. The fruit soup was basically fruit cocktail in a glass of milk. And there must have been some issue with the mochi because it took a good amount of time for us to get our dessert and our server brought out the tiramisu and fruit soup telling us the mochi would be out "soon". "Soon" was about 10 minutes later. Dessert was VERY disappointing. 

The portions were pretty generous although the sampler was kind of skimpy, only having 2 pieces of each item. Makes it hard for a party of 5 to really enjoy that offering but everything else was large enough for all of us to share and then some. The prices were pretty reasonable.

The biggest problem with Ann's Asian Bistro is that they are too conservative on flavor. They really need to amp it up if they are planning for the long-term. The service will work out its kinks and be fine but it won't be enough if the flavor isn't there. I am rooting for you Ann's Asian Bistro and I definitely will be back to check you out.  I really really would like to give you more stars next time! Good luck!
Great service.  Beautiful ambiance.  We had some fresh and delicious meals that transported us back to Hong Kong, so to speak.   The tea was to die for.  Great selection from the bar and wine list.  The menu has a wonderful variety and prices are very reasonable for the quality of food, service and ambiance that is both romantic and family friendly with a stepping stool by the sink and a diaper changing table in the restroom.  It is also ideal for entertaining corporate clients.  We'll be going back to sample other dishes, especially the Sizzling Rice Soup and Vegetable Tofu dish.  The noodle dishes were very good and we loved the Chinese broccoli dish with steamed rice.

If you have children, there is a lovely outdoor fountain area where the kids can play and expend energy, a huge bonus that I noticed as a mom of 2 very active children.  They have both indoor and outdoor seating where you can watch the kids play while you enjoy your meal.  My kids loved the food as well.  While it is family friendly, we noticed there is also a separate area which is nice for intimate dates and client entertainment.  Love the bar area too.  

We had a very pleasant experience at Ann's.
Welcome to the West Valley Ann's Asian Bistro & Bar! We just went here the other night and we were very pleased with our dinner. The flavors were excellent in all three dishes and they were very large (plenty for lunch the next day). All of the dishes were plated very nicely and presented well. Their drink prices were also very affordable and they had a large selection! They seemed understaffed and perhaps needed more people working, but we went the night that an article had been in the paper about the restaurant being new and so I'm sure that they had some unexpected crowds. I'm thrilled that this restaurant is here, there is always room for improvement, but overall I'm definitely a fan and will keep going back! Yum! Thanks Ann's!
This was my first trip tonight & it was their 2 month anniversary of being open. My friend Sheila is a regular & I can see why. Everything is fresh & light & not prepared ahead of time... No MSG or other additives! Their sautéed greens were bright, light & delicious. I'm taking my family back for another visit this week.
Another great dinner tonight just 2 days since my first dining experience here, & equally as great! I took my two aunts who also really enjoyed the fresh & flavorful dishes. We all really love the snow pea sprouts sautéed in garlic. Bright green, fresh & clean tasting. Tonight we tried the clams in black bean & garlic sauce and they were delicious. It's such a treat to find a great restaurant in this area that is not a chain or franchise! Joanne the owner is a delight along with her family...just a warm & lovely experience!
The sweet and sour soup is super duper!
Another disappointment in the valley. I was hoping the reviews on yelp helped but no success.
Ann's Asian Bistro & Bar was a great discovery.  Enjoyed a wonderful lunch there today with friends.  We ordered from the lunch menu which offered a good variety of choices.  The food came to the table piping hot, flavorful & well prepared.  Courteous, friendly, attentive service. 
Happy to see a good quality Asian food restaurant in Surprise.
Yes we will return.
Thrilled to have found Ann's Asian Bistro & Bar!  Have had 4-5 meals there since they opened and each is better than the previous; and all have been excellent so they just keep raising the bar on themselves.  Until last night I've been enjoying their Cantonese style dishes.  Last night I savored -- repeat savored-- the Pad Thai.  While I'm accustomed to it being served with a lime wedge, Ann's used a lemon wedge and it was delightful.  The table service has always been good - very polite, attentive, calm. Food is served fresh and piping hot from the kitchen; presentation on the plate is superb.  Have had three desserts - green tea ice cream, crème brulee and tiramisu - all were perfectly portioned and excellent ways to finish excellent meals but my personal favorite, probably due to its uniqueness, was the green tea ice cream.
I don't give 5 star reviews very often, but Ann's deserves one from me. This was my first time in being highly recommended. I am pretty particular about my Asian restaurants having lived in Asia for some time but Ann's really exceeded my expectations.

I had the Garlic Noodles and asked for chicken to be added. Wasn't a problem (I've actually been to some Asian restaurants that said no substitutions!). The Garlic Noodles were fantastic and an ample portion for me to share with my girlfriend.

Also ordered Combo Fried Rice, Pot Stickers and Coconut Tapioca with Watermelon. Huge portion of fried rice and six pot stickers. Taste was perfect and were served nice and hot. The Coconut Tapioca was a fresh (no pun) way to put these tastes together and was just refreshing for a summer Phoenix evening. Sweet but you didn't feel as if you had to roll away from the table after a dessert. Loved it.

They've only been there 5 months and I can see they will be a favorite of mine.
Deliciousness!!! Food was so flavorful!! Will definitely be coming back for more!!
We have been to Ann's twice since we live right across the street. The first time we ordered the Orange Beef and the Chicken Lo-Mein. Both were really good! Not fantastic but good nonetheless. Our second visit, however really ruined Ann's for me. We ordered Kung Pao Beef and Mongolian Beef. Both were incredibly soupy (it was like eating stew) and the meet was very tough. There was nothing spicy or "Kung pao" about the Kung Pao Beef. I may go back for a third time just to see if maybe they were short staffed or something.
First, and probably only, visit. The service at best was indifferent. But, the food was horrible and largely inedible. To start with, the tea was served lukewarm in a pot which spilled all over the table. 

The Sliced BBQ pork was over cooked and covered with a sweet, brown sauce. We were expecting seeds and mustard for dipping; but, we could have moved on. The Magnolian Beef -- I hate to even think about it -- the meat was so mushy as to be nauseating.  I picked the vegetables, mostly onion, out and left the beef. The sweet and sour chicken was only slightly better.  

Poor quality meat being disguised by overly sweet sauces.
I really was hoping this place would be good, but was dissapointed. We got take out, Kung pao, vegetable sautéed with beef and noodle dish. It was expensive and the food really had no flavor and was soupy. Nothing special at all. I wanted to put it in my wok and stir fry it again and add some flavor. The workers in the restaurant were very friendly when picking up our order and restaurant has nice ambiance. We won't be going back.
Excellent service, friendly staff, wonderful food and great choices for wine!  I'm going back because they have an excellent menu with plenty of options available AND a flexible kitchen staff, which is hard to find in Surprise, aka Franchise Hell.  This time I had Curry Chicken but next time I'm having Volcano Steak or Braised Spicy Eggplant.
New favorite place. Best Chinese food I've ever had. One of the best dining experienced in memory. Superb service. This place is going to blow up. Can't wait or return!
We stopped in for dinner on a Friday night and we were seated right away. We started with the sampler platter appetizer (friend shrimp, egg rolls, chicken). There was a lot of unnecessary breading on the shrimp, but my husband liked the chicken.

 I ordered the Candied Walnut Shrimp and he ordered the Bistro Lo Mein. My shrimp had way too much shrimp on it but once I wiped some of it off the shrimp was pretty good. My husbands lo mein was delicious! We would definitely order that again. Overall we will be back but I will try something other than the Candied Walnut Shrimp.
We came here because we live across the street and really wanted to have some yummy food close by. 
We ordered crab puffs and spring rolls/egg rolls (depending on your menu), crab puffs were a huge disappointment not enough crab meat or cream cheese.  The spring roll was ok tasting but it didn't have a lot inside of it.  
There is no children's menu, I find that not to be family friendly, we ordered garlic noodles minus the mushrooms and sliced BBQ pork for my kids.  When the garlic noodles and BBQ pork came out it looked and smelled delicious, and they were both tasty.  BUT halfway through eating the garlic noodles my daughter noticed a DEAD fly in the noodles, yuck!  So they took the noodles and remade them but I was disappointed that they still charged us for the noodles.  
My husband and I split the orange shrimp which had way too much breading and tiny shrimp inside.  They also skimped on the orange sauce which I would loved to have more of.  
Overall disappointment...will not be back.
My family had a wonderful experience at ANN's.  Food was delicious and authentic - I grew up in Asia and my family had restaurants; so I am qualified to say this.  Service was very friendly and warm.  The ambiance is very pleasant and relaxing.  They even have a diaper changing table in the restroom and a fountain area where active kids can expend some energy while waiting for the food to arrive - a family-friendly restaurant.  Unlike most Asian restaurants, the choice of beer, wine and spirits is extensive.  Looking forward to going back.
Awesome food
Fair price
Lots of food
Will come back again
Friendly server
Happy to have eaten here
My husband and I have been here 3 times already, but last weekend was the first with my kids so we decided to order family style (variety of dishes to share, accompanied by rice). We ordered the salt and pepper fried pork chop, beef chow fun, a fish and tofu clay pot dish, and mayonnaise shrimp. All were delicious and priced between $10-$13 for each dish. The portions were good enough for my family of 6. My kids gobbled up everything and loved it. The chef seasoned the dishes quite well. Now on to the service........it was great! We were there during dinner time and they were pretty busy. I think they got slammed by a big party or something before we walked in  and it slowed them down a bit. The food took awhile to come out so our waiter asked if we would like some soup. We got soup and the kids scarfed that down too. But when we received the bill, there was no charge for soup. Our waiter made our family dinner extra special that night.
We had appetizers, they were delicious. Service was great and wow, awesome beer selection plus they have outdoor seating. NICE!
Absolutely love the food and service. Everything is always fresh and high quality. Can't beat the lunch specials and the portions are shareable. I havn't found anything that I don't like, I've tried.
Based on the reviews on Yelp, we tried this tonight as take out.  The calamari salad was excellent and very different.  We loved our vegetables with scallops.  We will definitely be back.  As good as it gets in the west valley and NOT a chain.  Hard to find something that is not a chain out here but to find one that is good, is wonderful.
We tried the Volcano Beef and the Curry Curry with Chicken. Both dishes were made with Tender meats and fresh vegetables. Both were tasty and mild with seasonings and had a slight kick of heat. The portions were large and they were served on very nice plates. Brown rice is a $1. option.  We were entertained by the 151 rum flame in the volcano beef that continued to burn all through the meal till we spilled it all over the beef.

The dining room was clean and attractive.

The service was friendly and efficient.

Worth a try when you are in the area.

3.5
Another great dinner tonight just 2 days since my first dining experience here, & equally as great! I took my two aunts who also really enjoyed the fresh & flavorful dishes. We all really love the snow pea sprouts sautéed in garlic. Bright green, fresh & clean tasting. Tonight we tried the clams in black bean & garlic sauce and they were delicious. It's such a treat to find a great restaurant in this area that is not a chain or franchise! Joanne the owner is a delight along with her family...just a warm & lovely experience!
Food was delicious and they have vegan options. Service was a little slow, but food more than made up for it. Will go again.
Ehh its okey.. Food was not that great..
Curry curry chicken was gross & we returned it.. YUCK!!!!! 
This place is not good thats why it was dead when we went lol..

I WONT be back! 
I rather go to panda!
The worst thing about Anne's is location... that its not near anything.  Its in between Sun City and Surprise in the middle of nowhere.  

The food was good... Not outstanding Chinese food but good... Entrees are definitely intended to be shared... They had a lot of gluten free choices is that is your demise... 

The wait staff was outstanding ... Very very attentive and helpful and friendly.

I was saddened when I left... They had a no firearms sign.. Which means they welcome criminals and mass killers as opposed to law biding citizens of this free  nation... Maybe its a communist thing, after all they are Chinese.

So if I had my choice for Chinese... In Surprise it would be 
Pei Wei
Big Buddha (now that they got rid of all the fly's in the window panes)
Panda
The food and service at Ann's is great, it just happens to be located in a ghost town! We enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere. Hopefully the secret of Ann's will spread and help breathe some life into their little shopping center.
I really wanted to like this place. Numerous spelling errors in the menu, prices changed immediately upon opening, noted in the menu with pen & stickers.
Prices are too high for the quality of food.
Ordered the Pho- certainly not as good as many other restaurants in town that serve pho.
I won't return.
Also service at lunch time was terrible, cannot come here for a normal lunch service if you need to be in & out.
The place is huge but was not full, so the service could have been *much* better. There was a line waiting to sit when I got there, even though there were many empty tables. I was by myself and where they put me the waiter didn't see me easily so I had to wait about 10 minutes to get any service even after sitting. A different server brought my food and it was not what I ordered. I had shrimp spring rolls and the special beef pho. The spring rolls were pretty bland but the peanut sauce that accompanied them was very good. I had never had pho before, but I didn't like it. I don't know if that was their fault or if I just don't like pho. I had to wait in line again to pay. I wish I'd read the one other review before I went!
Unfortunately, this restaurant scored only 1 star from me! The food tasted terrible. General chicken as listed on the menu(aka- general tso's chicken) was super bland, no flavor and the chicken tasted old. The next food was the combination fried rice which was $11.00 contained very small amount and greasy. But $11.00 for a fried rice??? WTH??? Who charges $11.00 for fried rice??? They're suppose to be located around the campus area with lots of students and as for the price, it was way too expensive for the food quality. I definitely won't be going back! 

Also, do not order the spring rolls. The wrap was hard and tasted old!
Good lunch. Pho was hood. Had the #4 and it was comparable to other vietnamese restaurant in town. Also had the beef hor fun and it was tasty. Quiet at 1145am because they just opened in September and not many know about the move from Monona to Madison. Would recommend eating here in the spacious room. Tip: look at the lunch menu before sitting down or else you will have to walk back to the door.
I've been here a couple times now and the food is decent. Price is reasonable for it's quality. The flavored for bun and pho decent and fall short of Saigon noodle a little bit. The restaurant is very spacious inside and can probably accommodate large groups. I haven't seen the place packed yet so I don't know how they can handle full capacity. I would definitely come back for casual dining.
Great space but the food was not. I went with the group of people for lunch. My noodles were under cooked and the meat was overcooked in the soup I ordered , so both were very chewy. Egg rolls were okay, crispy but a little bland.
The hell happened to you Kim's? If it wasn't known, the people who ran Kim's Noodles on Monona relocated here to Viet Bistro and its been the biggest inconvenience. Living on the northeast side of town, Kim's used to be within comfortable driving distance,especially after a night of heavy drinking. Their pho, although a bit bland, was a good friend to have, especially when all the condiments were all in front of you. Now, at Viet bistro, the condiments have disappeared. It wasn't much trouble to ask for fish sauce, chili paste and soy sauce but when you're having pho, you really shouldn't have to ask. 
Their pho hasn't changed though, its still a very good dish.  Their other dishes are good but overpriced. My friend had fried rice and it cost her ~8 bucks. It was good, but not $8 good. 
Their service is standard, they know when you're looking for water and are polite. 
I've heard of a Bistro Bowl: a bowl of pho twice as big as their large size bowl from my friend, but I have yet to ask for it. Place is clean and very nice looking. Might be back, maybe just to see if they've improved.
Oh Kim's Noodle, why did you move from Monona? I guess to be where the students are. Don't lose your soul in the transition...
This place is clean and the food is pretty good. But make sure u give yourself enough time for lunch!!! I had bad service there three times I was there. 1st in only asked how long my carry out will be the guy was like" do I see we have ppl here to service too?!?" He answered. " I just want to know how long it will take" I replied. The 2nd time i figured I ordered over the phone but it took me 15 min for the manger/ owner to understand what u wanted!!! He barely speak English and have a heavy accent. Not very nice in the phone ! No customer sever skill! I ended up cancelled the ordered and re think if I will ever order from them again!!!!!!! Not recommended !
Hands down best Chinese food I have EVER had in the Midwest.
There is a new chef from  Hong Kong cooking the Chinese food. 
Try the hot and sour soup and generals chicken.
Heard from the owner that they just changed chef. This chef is from Hong Kong and the fishes are better.
If you go to an Italian restaurant and order chicken nuggets, you are bound to be disappointed. And also that is a stupid move. So why would you order Chinese dishes at a Vietnamese restaurant? Stick to the Vietnamese dishes like pho, bun, or banh mi and you won't be disappointed like all those other 1- and 2-star reviewers. They do the Vietnamese classics really well. Pho dac biet and bun bo hue are two of my favorite dishes and they do those well here. Check out their selection of banh mis as well and grab a Thai iced tea. Skip the Chinese fare; Ichiban Szechuan is a better choice for that.
Just got back from dinner and eager to share the news. Viet Bistro hired a new chef from Hong Kong. The menu has not changed yet but if you ask, they will have a hand written chinese menu of authentic Cantonese dishes. Ignore previous reviews. Previous 2 chefs were from Vietnam and dishes were so so. This new chef is good. See new photos.
I was told by Jason that the dim sum menu will begin Valentine's Day! Can't wait to try it then.
My experience here made me create a yelp account.  Starting with the positives - plenty of space and seating available, overall friendly staff, and affordable options on the menu.  On the flip side I felt the food portions and attention to detail were subpar.  

Food portions - There are three different sizes of pho on the menu - small, large, and xl.  Being as hungry as I was I ordered the xl.  The waitress showed up with a big bowl of broth.  Never in my life have I finished eating a bowl (let alone an xl) of pho still feeling hungry.  

The details - when I received my check, it was unclear as to whether I was supposed to pay at the table or pay at the register.  I sat around unnecessarily for a while...they certainly could have explained that better.  When I went to pay, they said they did not accept American Express although the sticker on the door said Amex.  When I questioned them about the sticker on the door they said they forgot to scratch it off...but still asked for a different form of payment.

I wanted to like this restaurant but unfortunately it was the small food portions and lack of detail (and the fact they don't accept Amex) that makes me not want to go back here.  When you don't pay attention to the details on the floor who knows what goes on in the kitchen.
Another fantastic dinner with chef chan and owner Jason. Decided to take a risk and asked the chef to prepare a set if dishes for 8 people. Got surprised with a set of dim sum appetizers, a sneak preview of their fun sum menu starting 2/14 followed by 3 dishes I would not have ordered normally but will in the future. Check out the photos.
I only come here for Pho. Their Pho is the best in town. Beef soup delicious. Much better than Saigon's Noodle. Staff are friendly. The place is clean and spacious. Service is fast for Pho, not sure for other dishes though. I've tried pho in Kim's Noodle and it was far from comparable to Vietbistro's now. I think this really depends on the chef.
Update from Jason about dim sum. Equipment are not arriving in time for full dim sum menu. Joe wants to make sure all dim sum items are available for you to enjoy so dim sum menu will be delayed. Soonest might be next Saturday if all equipment shows up as promised. Jason sends his apology for the delay. Good things fine to those who wait. :-)
It is confirmed! Dim Sum menu starts this Sat, 2/22! Be ready. 7 days a week till 3 pm.
We were in the area for the Badger & Spartan hockey game (Feb 221st) at the Kohl Center and had some spare time to kill.  So, we decided to eat at this place.  All I can say is that the health department needs to look into what they are serving because this was the worst tasting food that I and my friends have ever eaten!


Decor / atmosphere - Nice.

Service - Terrible! we had 6 in our party and were seated right away (probably due to the fact that there was no one in there... lol)  We were given water then our orders were taken but all of us realized after our orders were taken that the waitress never took our drink orders. It took awhile to find her. Once we placed our drink orders, it then took forever to get them. It was $4 for a 12 oz bottled beer. Rip off. To top it off... all our dinners came out one-by-one every 10 minutes. That's right!  By the time the last 2 dinners came out 4 of us were already done eating. Absolutely stupid.

Food - Hands down the worst food I have ever eaten at any restaurant in my life!  I ordered combination fried rice platter and extra sized it because I split it with my boyfriend. The chicken didnt taste like chicken at all. I wouldn't be surprised if it was squirrel. The shrimp was the tiny canned shrimp about as big as a dime. I then decided not to eat the beef. I didn't want to risk it. So I cannot comment on the beef.

Needless to say we went to the hockey game with upset stomachs. First time I spent $80 on a dinner and left hungry. 

BTW- You can tell that the people giving positive reviews for this restaurant all work there or own it. There is no way in hell this place will stay in business serving crap like that.
Came here with a couple of friends for lunch on Sunday. Sadly, I came away with my expectations unfulfilled.

Service was rather lacking and slow. They seemed to be understaffed, with only 2 servers catering to the 15 or so tables during lunch hour. 

The menu was interesting, with loads of familiar Vietnamese dishes ranging from noodles to rice dishes, and Chinese stir-fried dishes. 

As recommended by fellow Yelpers, I went ahead and ordered Vietnamese favorite - Pho with meatballs. I got a large bowl, which was a dollar more expensive than the regular, hoping to go home with leftovers for another meal (which is what happens at Ha Long Bay and Saigon noodles). Sadly, for $9, I got noodles only enough for one meal, and 3 half meatballs. The soup was tasty, but I wouldn't say it was better than Ha Long Bay and Saigon noodles. Definitely I would lean towards the rice dishes next time.

Also, I'm excited to hear they would be serving Dim Sum, which is horribly lacking in Madison. Noticing that there were cantonese among the servers gives me a spark of hope that this would be a reasonable place to assuage my hunger for Dim Sum in Madison!
Came here with excitement that it started to serve dim sum. We were kept waiting for 15 minutes before we were seated. There were open seats just that no one was in charge of cleaning things up. Weird. No utensils, no water, no one to take order after we were seated for 10 minutes. 

The service is terrible. Slow. Understaffed. Uncoordinated. Obviously they were overwhelmed by dim sum lovers on a weekend. I could see the waitresses felt awkward, too.  Seriously, someone needs to fix the system here.

Finally came the dims sum carts. We chose five different items. They were all pretty good. However, many dishes were not warm enough because being on the cart for too long. They also have pan-fried noodles on the cart, which is not typical, at least that is the first time I've seen noodles on a cart in my life. I would guess they are too cold for anyone to enjoy. 

Fear of kept waiting for even longer, we rushed to check out after having the first round of food. The owner explained to us that the slowness is due to the unexpected good business. I thought you should always be prepared when you run a restaurant. 

Overall, the dim sum was actually pretty good, but the dining experience is so underwhelming. I would give Viet Bistro another chance when it is not as busy, hope it will not let me down again. 

* on my first visit, I tried pho. It was okay, not as good as Saigon's. But if you crave for a noodle soup in central Madison, it is a passable place. 

I think they seriously need to downsize its menu. Either focus on dim sum or Vietnamese food, or American Chinese food. There is no way to be a decent restaurant when playing three roles at once.
We ordered egg rolls and a small bowl of pho as a post-dinner snack. After trying both, I was more excited about the egg rolls than I was about our pho. The broth is oily and thin, not collageny, the noodles were soft, not chewy, and the round steak, perhaps not sliced thin enough, was a little tough.

The French press coffees, both iced and hot, with condensed milk were the best versions of Vietnamese coffee I've had in Madison, and I've ordered this everywhere. At a hefty price of $3.50 a mug though, I might be better off making this myself at home. 

Service was nice, if a little detached. The booth I was sitting in was super wobbly when another couple sat down behind me so I had to move to the other side and eat next to my dining companion. Cute or awkward?
Jfyi, this is Kim's Noodle, which moved over from Monona Dr next to Viet Hoa grocery store.

The food is the same, it's hit n miss. Some days it'll taste great, other days it's just blah. The price, however, is WAY overpriced. $12 for a x-large bowl of Pho, which is about the size of a medium anywhere else, which usually costs $6-8. I wouldn't mind as much about that, but the bowls seem to get smaller each time I go there, and they give you less and less. Not only that, but the prices are actually crossed out in pen and you can see the actual price hike.

Service is typical, leaning toward above average but not by far as they've hired a white girl as a hostess. The servers, however, like to think they have perfect memory and never write down our orders, since I usually just go there with my wife so it's just 2 orders usually. She has specific ingredients she's allergic to and 3 out of 5 times now, they got it wrong even after we've gone out of our way to look like a-holes to them by stressing that she cannot eat onions and nuts.

They did start serving Dim Sum now. I haven't tried it yet, but it's nice to have the option.

Location doesn't justify the prices. I assume they think they hit the jackpot in prime location. It's in a newer, wanna-be upper scale plaza next to Panera Bread, Chakra House, and a wannabe fancy nail salon with limited parking. It's also across the street from Bayview apts and a u-haul station. Nothing special, quite a aways from State street.

If you want your vietnamese/pho fix, it's decent. I recommend it over Siagon(west side) any day since Siagon has gone downhill greatly.
At long last, Madison has a place that serves up great dim sum.  I will agree that the service needs to improve, and rapidly, since I can imagine the learning curve to transition from a Vietnamese order at the table to a dim sum cart service restaurant is steep.
Going off past reviews, it's seems they've gotten their act together.  For a place the size of Madison, this was very decent Dim Sum with a good selection of stuff and a lot of promise. I consider myself a competent judge of dim sum having eaten all over this country and in other countries.  Wish this place had been around when I first came here.  I think I may become a regular!
It is confirmed that the restaurant is closed by the owner. However, joe the dim sum chef has been courted to viet hoa in Monona. He has great plans for his kitchen there. Can't wait to review the new location. Goodbye to this location, hello to something new.
Sad to see this place go. I only ate here once, but everyone in our group enjoyed their meals just fine. And that's saying something seeing as two of the people in our party were full out Vietnamese. 

They gave the pho a thumbs up. 

I gave my teriyaki chicken a thumbs up. (I know, I really branched out in my entrée choice.)

Only thumbs down is that they're now closed.
Great find!  It's a new hole-in-the-wall mom & pop noodle shop where the owner, Vid (very friendly guy and great cook), says it's mostly Hong Kong style soup/noodles, but there were other things on the menu.  Very clean with modern decor...both table and counter seating.  5-stars for great food each visit, and very reasonably priced.  One of my new favorite places!
Simple menu and good noodles. The pot stickers are fresh grilled on one side. For the price especially  the food is very good.

The restaurant is hard to find right now: the temp sign is small. It is behind the chase manhattan and KFC.
My new favorite spot for the days I am to busy to cook. I just pick up and go. The short ribs are outstanding. The service is great too.
I go here all the time!! Super nice owners! Most importantly the food is AMAZING!!! My favorite is the pot stickers, and the No. 2 spicy noodles with yummy meat! The place is cute and clean. Great service as well!
Shoyu ramen is so good. I tried d pot stickers because thats what d others recommended but I wasn't a big fan, thats probably just me though..
The noodles are amazing! Great menu, exceptional customer service! So happy to have such a good place near me to grab a quick dinner or lunch!
This reminds me of a noodle shop/café. It's new and clean but a bit pricey for the kind of food and the amount you get. I ordered the beef stew noodle soup and only got 4 piece of meat...extremely disappointed as most the dish was noodles and broth. Its a start up business and I hope they do well by improving.
A small place in a hidden corner, the owner is the chef plus waiter. It is simple and fast, the beef noodle tastes good.