The best reuse of a wee Taco Bell building EVER! This gem of Monona offers up authentically flavorful Jamaican food that will charm your palate without emptying your wallet. Affordable, friendly, and offering something for everyone who appreciates homemade, generous meals, from the vegetarian's delightful jerk tofu to the scotch bonnet catfish (personally, one of my favorite meals in all of Dane County) to the jerk steak. I can't stress enough the quality of eating the Caribbean food made in David's kitchen -you'll never go back to bottled jerk sauce again.
Best Jamaican food in the whole state!! And they're even FROM Jamaica! How's that for authenticity! It's a family run business and I got that sense of family by just eating there.

Unfortunately I moved from Madison and my tummy cries for their food all the time! Whenever I am in town though, I stop there --especially for their all you can eat buffet on Fridays. They get kinda nervous when I walk in because I eat all their food. I can't help it! It's all so tasty. They use the perfect amount of seasonings and their meat, like their chicken and ribs, is so succulent meat falls off the bone and melts in your mouth. Plus it doesn't have that "chain restaurant" type feeling. You go in there, you eat great food and they let you enjoy yourself.

When they first opened, I asked the owners why they didn't open up other locations because their food was so darn good. And they said they didn't want to get too big and compromise the food. That kind of dedication in what they do really spoke to me. It spoke to my belly too.

Pineapple Salmon--awesome! Jerk tofu--awesome! Meat patties--awwww yeeaahhh! You have GOT to try this place! Stop reading this and go now! Do it!!
As much a I appreciate David et al bringing the taste of Jamaica from Montego Bay to Monona Drive, I gotta be honest- I really really love Jamaican food.  In Jamaica.  

On the plus side- the banana cake is to die for- next time I will eat dessert first. The jerk chicken- very authentic- right down to the nearly unidentifiable pieces of chicken.  Peas and rice- quite nice.  

Wait staff are very authentic as well- Pepsi from cans, no hurries- all of which are a 'taste of the island'.  Funny- it seems much more charming in Jamaica, where the only thing to do next is catch a sunset.
now this place was a godsend... i was really upset that i found this place just a few days before i left madison to come back to cali.  i found it by accident on my way to some random clinic to take a drug test, which i passed, by the way.  

the jerk chicken served with some jamaican style cabbage and their f'in delicious rice and peas, rice and beans to those unfamiliar. i had to get the fried plantains on the side because that's how i roll and if you don't know about dem fried plantains, you better ask somebody... and because i was starving, i ordered two jamaican beef patties on the side.  back on jamrock the beef patties are served tucked into a big ass piece of coco bread.  unfortunately, they didn't have the coco bread here, but it was tasty nonetheless. 

first day there the cashier had somewhat of an attitude.  i later learned that she was only friendly and polite to the white folks.  oh well, the food was fantabulous.  the next day i took my coworkers and we were fortunate enough to be served by another lady with that island love straight from jamrock.  i ordered the jerk salmon... lovely. 

i recommend getting some extra jerk sauce to pour over your rice and peas and whatever entree you get.  also, don't forget the fried plantains!
Yay! I finally got a chance to eat here this weekend, and I must say it was fantastic! We went for lunch (takeout) on a very cold day. I ordered the jerk chicken ($6.50) and he ordered the jerk pork ($6.95). We got two orders of plantains ($1.95 each). The decor was very..festive. It was all decked out in yellow and green. I'd really like to try their buffet as it seemed like it had all of the dinner entrees on it. 
OK. Our styrofoam containers were stuffed with food! Our entrees came with a choice of two sides: veggies (a hot carrot/cabbage/broccoli slaw.. very tasty), rice 'n' peas (rice with red beans), or potato salad. We both got veggies, he got potato salad, and I got rice 'n' peas. The potato salad was okay.. it was standard mayo based potato salad. No zip. The rice 'n' peas were alright.. for some reason only my favorite place back home puts some coconut in the rice to cool down the jerk sauce. As far as the meats go, the chicken was great. It was deliciously flavored, moist, and falling off the bone. The sauce was really nice too.. very well balanced. They gave us extra in case we wanted a little more heat. I think they blend their own because there was a bottle with a picture of David on it at the cash register. There were two drumsticks and a small breast in the order. Boy's order of pork was very tender and flavored well again (almost like jamaican bbq, he said because it was pulled). The pork tasted and looked kind of like beef, though we don't recall seeing any jerk beef on the menu.. so maybe our taste buds were off... I love this place.. it is a great deal!
We had the cow tail stew and curry shrimp. Ok, I'll make this short.

Food - both are very tasty. I'm more impressed with the stew.
Decor - not fancy, but clean and relax.
Service - decent

I'll definitely go back.
I love it!  The Jerk chicken is fantastic, with authentic flavor.  The veggies are amazing, I love the spicey kick to them, personally I always get the potato salad cause I am not a fan of beans and rice but they usually are out of the potato salad, so I just get extra veggies!  The food is great.
The Jerk Pork plate is soooo good!  That's all we've had so far, cause it's so yummy we can't bring ourselves to try anything else!
This is the best i have had in the Madison area so far. 

Appetizer: Plantains- sweet and yummy
Entrée: Jerk pork, potato salad (great Caribbean style), Cabbage (ok)
The jerk pork (shredded) is nice,tasty and tender. FYI..this is not the way 
Jerk pork is usually served (usually whole pieces of pork c, cut up).

The jerk snapper...a bit disappointing...i was looking for a whole fish.

Although my meal was Delicious. It did not taste like usual jerk seasoning. It was the cousin...lol 

I will definitely go back!
Ate here twice.  Thought it was dirty and didn't find the food very good at all.
The food is great and the staff is friendly.    You gotta stop by for the lunch buffet, that is when it is at its best.  The mango chicken is awesome, it is like general tsos chicken but with a delicious mango fruity sauce, interesting and delicious.  they have offerings of a variety of smoked and seasoned meat and a small salad bar.  It is a highly recommened joint in Monona.  

Only thing wrong with it is the old building that it is in.  I frequent Davids so it can't be that bad.
Small. Bad parking. The sort of service you'd expect in a country known for... well, being Jamaica. The food is great. Lunch buffet is the perfect blend of meat and spiced meat and BBQ meat. Pig and Chicken deluxe. I don't know about Vegan/Veggie options. Price isn't bad. Can get crowded. I like it very much. Recommend for lunchtime.
DELICIOUS food, REALLY authentic and not too spicey if ordered "without spice"...very friendly/attentive staff. 

Our first time here - friends had recommended it- and we'll DEFINITELY be back!
If you are ever over here at lunchtime, be sure to stop in. I am very enthusiastic about this place! I used to drive over here once or twice a week for the lunch buffet. Dinner and  weekends you order off the menu, but it is the same good food. Great Jamaican, Great buffet!

My favorite dish is the jumbalaya, though it isn't always at the buffet. Mango chicken and jerk pork are also great. There is always a good abundance of fried plantains. I highly recommend taking a lunch break to come out here--but be prepared to take a lot of lunch breaks over here after you try it.
We just moved to Madison. A co-worker goes to David's all the time and won't stop talking about it. So I scooped up my wife and we drove the 20 mon to David's 

Wow that was good

My wife had the Jamaican National dish and I had the jerk pork. Both were out of this world as was the jerk sauce.  Perfect favors. (the beef patties were not spicy- kinda boring)

Would I go there again?  Of course. Will it be soon. Probably Monday (closed Sunday )

The nice woman who waited on us.... Very helpful when I said it was my first time there. God bless you. 

We are from Miami- where the Jamaican SUCKED. This was awesome
I can only speak to the lunch buffet as I have yet to visit during the dinner hour, but this place is a great value. The lunch buffet offers a variety of food, all of which is good for an affordable price. The jerk pork and the mango chicken are my two favorite meat options, though they also offer jerk chicken, curry chicken, bbq pork among other options. I also really enjoy the breaded catfish. The banana cake is fantastic as desert and the fried plantains really balance out the flavors of the meal well. I'll have to go back for a dinner entree at some point, but all I can say for now is that if you're in Monona and you need lunch this is a great option.
Stopped in 10 minutes before close and ordered to go. The portions were huge and the food was outstanding. Probably the best jerk sauce I've ever had. Will be returning soon!
Mmmmmmmmmm.  The buffet is awesome.  Delicious food and enough variety.  You must visit this lunchtime buffet.  Not much of a location, but cannot go wrong with the food.  Awesome value.
A fun place to visit! Especially if you like spicy food and meat. 

We did the buffet----it's kind of small but it includes a pretty good assortment of dishes + seasoned meats....I think there were a few types of chicken, curries, shredded pork, catfish, beef etc. 

The jerk sauce on the table was amazing----so good we had to buy a bottle to bring home. The rum punch was delicious (and potent). 

For some reason I wasn't expecting a Jamaican Restaurant to have Chicken Dumpling soup, but they did and it was great!

The atmosphere is 'fun' but not 'romantic'. It seemed to be busy & buzzing and everyone there seemed to be having a good time.
First impression: ohmygosh it smells so good!

After that though, I wasn't very impressed. The food was good, but they were out of several options on the buffet, some of the foods were clearly not freshly prepared, and I didn't get the impression that cleanliness mattered much to them.

We tried really  hard to like David's, but I can't give more than two stars.
This place is amazing for their lunch buffet! I love their mango chicken and banana cake! I'm not sure if it's just the food or what, but the Pepsi seems to taste different. In a good way, though. I usually hate Pepsi. The environment of the place is really relaxed. I love going here.
An unassuming location that was packed with people enjoying their food & conversations when we arrived late-ish on a Saturday night, David's was a pleasant dining experience.

The Jerk Pork was shredded & very flavorful. I could detect ginger, but couldn't figure out the spice mixture; I like flavors that keep my mouth guessing. The veggies (a cabbage, carrot, broccoli, bell pepper mix) were lightly cooked & also had some slight seasoning that really enhanced the taste without overshadowing the taste of the veggies themselves; I could have had an entire plate of the veg & been satisfied! Well, I wouldn't want to miss the meat, but the veggies were that good!

My husband had the goat curry & he really enjoyed that as well. I knew that he liked it because all of a sudden, he wasn't talking to me, he wasn't looking at me, he was just eating. 

We both put down our forks when we were full, but kept taking bites here & there as we waited for boxes.

The service was a little slow after we got our food, but it didn't seem like neglect, it was busy & there just seems to be a small number of staff. But, they were super friendly & engaging, & this first visit will not be our last. I'm interested in trying the buffet to get a broader taste of their fine food!
First off, all of the entrees are over $10 with most being closer to $20 and the drinks start at $2.50 for a bottle of Jamaican soda. The beer was outrageous, and we were teased a bit when we didn't order it. I ordered the shrimp and papaya. It tasted good, and I know this is Wisconsin, but there were about 7 shrimp on a HUGE bed of cabbage. The plantain appetizer was served AFTER our meal arrived and they were soggy and fairly gross. To be fair, the ribs and chicken was a more substantial meal and was well executed.
The worst part of the meal was the waitress. We were not greeted when we walked in although it was the middle of the dinner hour, which wasn't so bad, but it was a harbinger of how the rest of the meal went. After being werved, we didn't see the waitress again. During the meal, she never refilled our water glasses even tho that was the primary drink of my dinner mate.  After we were finished, I had to interrupt the waitress and the dishwasher who were watching TV, very loudly too, in order to get a to-go box. We were then chastised because the box was for my friend, not me, and she thought that he should've been the one to speak up. We shouldn't have had to speak up at all!!!

So, the final analysis is that they produce mostly good food, but it is WAY overpriced and the customer service sucks.
So good. Went for the lunch buffet. 9 bucks. Everything was amazing but the mango chicken, curry chicken, and jerk pulled pork were highlights. This place is a gem for anyone that wants authentic, amazing food at a ridiculous price. I want to try the dinner buffet next time im in town. 
The ladies working there are also very nice. The decor isnt anything special but I hardly noticed. Great food, great price. Go in hungry and leave happy.
The jerk pork is the best around.  Couple it with the vegetables (zag cut cabbage, carrots etc, lightly cooked but still crunchy and spiced)  and you have an awesome combination that makes a great sandwich too.  The staff are very friendly and would get better marks but for the atmosphere.   We totally expected casual (no worries mon).  Clean, but a little sprucing up would go a long way.  Fresh ceiling tiles and light bulbs.  The old Taco Bell menu screens would make for a great mural canvas.
Although it wasn't totally terrible, David's Jamaican Cuisine is not a restaurant to which I will return. A friend and I met for lunch at David's a few days ago -- he had previously eaten there and didn't love it, but agreed to go again because I wanted to try it after reading all the great reviews on Yelp and other review sites. When we arrived, I was surprised to see a lunch buffet set up. Previous experience with lunch buffets at other restaurants has caused me to interpret buffets as warning signs, but, since we were already there, we decided to stay.

We ordered sodas, which arrived in cans. Not a big deal, but worth mentioning because I know some people prefer to drink out of cups.

The lunch buffet had approximately 15 options ranging from jerk chicken and jerk pork to plantains to rice to mango chicken to pineapple slaw with tofu. The jerk chicken was good, though not as flavorful as I had expected or hoped, but the other foods I tried ranged from blah to bad.

Based on the outstanding reviews David's has received, I was very surprised and disappointed by my experience. I'm tempted to give this restaurant one more try, but really can't decide if it's worth the money and the drive to Monona.
Ordered: curried goat, plantains, and patty. 

Goat was well cooked - tender. Curry was bland and lacked spice and punch. Can't really mess up the rice so no complaints. Plantains were a little soggy and lacked crisp. Patty was way more dough than filling, wasn't flaky, and over priced for what it was(n't). 

Ambiance: chill, good space, comforting. Variety of different riddims playing was a nice backdrop. 

Service: Jamaican - however u wanna translate that. 

I believe the flavors have been dialed back for the "demographic."
Great food.  The buffet is best on fridays. True jamaican experience.  The homemade jerk sauce is fabulous. It can be bought there or at Kens. Don't come if you cant handle the less than ideal set up. (Its a bit sketch just like real jamaican joints.) Owners are great people.
the deep fried catfish!!!  

as others mentioned, the Friday evening buffets are really worth it.  About $10 per person.  You can try all the tasty meats and side dishes.

I like that they also have a salad bar with fresh cut watermelon, at least the night we were there. 

And we got to meet David!  The guy harboring all the secret recipes of the menu in his head. 

The interior is very divey and I wouldn't change a thing.
Love coming here for lunch buffet! It's been a while since we've been here but every time we come it's great! Sometimes I feel like the waitstaff does forget about you, especially with re-filling water.  There have been times when I had to drinking my fiancé's water, especially when some of their food have mild spices.
What?!  How can it be that no one has rated Jolly Bob's yet?  JB's is a great place for your next jerked meal.  I love the combo platter, jerked chicken, pork and other stuff.  And the drinks are great too!!  When you're in a Carribean mood, get thee to Willy St.!
Great place to mingle...kind of an oasis in the midwest....walk in anytime during the winter months, and your glasses will immediately fog up like you stepped into the tropics!  I haven't had too much of the food here, but the appetizers are great (coconut shrimp is awesome) and they have THE BEST chips and gaucomole that I have had in recent years.  If you're a dark rum fan, try a Zaya rum on the rocks, you won't regret it!
Dancehall night is super-fun. Delicious carrot soup, all right fried plantains. 

One night, however, I swear they kept making my vodka tonics with seltzer water and were uninterested in rectifying this problem.
Best drinks when I'm reminded of how good I had it growing up in the caribbean.

Do NOT go between the hours of 4-9 on a Friday/Saturday night, you won't fit.

But otherwise, my fave place to get fruity yummy drinks!!!
From the front, I was a bit skeptical...
as we walked in, still...a bit skeptical..
the hostess led us through the retro style empty restaurant, past a large tropical fish tank, back through another empty room, down the stairs..
and there we found ourselves in a magical beautiful back patio on perfect summer night.  

The appetizers were great especially the fried conch balls and the sauces...
I love all the tropical drink choices and the price is for drinks is like that is super reasonable...they are strong though, and wish I could of tried about 5 more.
The dinner...I wish I could remember what kind of fish I had, perhaps grouper...anyway, it was honestly the best prepared fish I have ever had!  Yes, I have declared it.  It was covered in a nutty batter then fried then served over jasmine rice.  I am still having dreams about it.

Not use to the option of "personal check" payment option - remember to bring cash.

Oh I can't wait to go to back to Madison for this place!!
Who knew such good caribbean eats could be found in Wisconsin?  This place is pretty damn cool -- the food is terrific and the drinks are potent & fun.  My boyfriend and I tried the conch fritters (SO good), and I had the Bajan Shrimp while he had the blackened fish.  Both were very tasty (though the latter was on the salty side) and definitely a recommend.
I absolutely love Jolly Bob's! They have a cool relaxed atmosphere, great drinks & super good food.  
Conch Fritters or Asada are great choices for an appetizer so don't forget to get one of those. I love the salads and the different dressing (mango) they serve. For main dishes anything jerk is good.. chicken, pork, etc. The Blackjack is also super good (blackened mahi mahi) for seafood.
I love the mojitos and find myself drinking way to many of them esp on a nice hot day! If you dare have one of there crazy Brazilian shots (they brew themselves)!  
When going to J. Bobs set aside some time! Especially on a Fri or Sat night.  Its a small place with good food so it fills up fast & you will have to wait for a table. Relax at the bar until your tables ready.. Have some rum!!
I would totally recommend this place!  =) Enjoy!
I haven't been to Jolly Bob's in awhile due to the fact that the service and quality of the food seemed to have drastically declined since first experiencing this restaurant in 2000.  There is better jerk in town, but all the fish dishes at JB's are excellent and not really available at other Caribbean places.  The one thing that definitely sets this place apart, though, is the drinks! If you like them like I like my men (fruity, but strong and with an umbrella) then you'll love Jolly Bob's. I recommend the Purple Meanie or the Painkiller. Mmm...wish I had one now.
I'm glad I finally got the chance to eat here, as the food here is really tasty.  I had a vegetarian curry of some sort, which was delicious and extremely filling.  People with allergies/aversions to dairy, beware: There are eggs and peanuts in this dish, which is not something I found on the menu.  I was delighted by this, but just a heads up in case you're a vegan, or y'know, so allergic to peanuts that you'll die if you eat it.  :)

I loooove the fruity drinks.  A friend of my boyfriend lives in Miami and says that the tropical drinks at Jolly Bob's are much better than the tropical drinks there.  Woohoo!  Also, they're so very, VERY alcoholic.  After two drinks, you might actually think you're in Jamaica. 

The bummer?  No credit cards!!  In my opinion, this place is too expensive to not accept credit cards.  But whatever--it's one of the only places that I like too much for that to bother me.
Don't let the INCREDIBLY sketchy-looking exterior fool you, this place is great. I love the pain killer and their other deliciously wonderful drinks. The dance floor never fails to bring a wide variety of people. Just watching people dance is enough entertainment for the night! I've never been disappointed in a night at jolly bob's...and kinda miss it now that I live in Chicago!
I LOVE JOLLY BOB'S.

Fun drinks(the BEST mojitos around!), great food, nice outdoor seating...

FUN DRINKS. 

This is a great place to start a girls' night out, or have some great appetizers(if you don't get the coconut shrimp, you're a fool). I've had dinner there two or three times, and it's always been great. 

You could easily miss it, and drive right by the tiny store-front on Willy St--despite the bright robin's egg blue paint. Stop in! At least for a mojito(plain or strawberry are the best), or a  Love Lotion, or a Hummingbird, or a Purple Meanie, or a Painkiller, or...you get the idea.
I just wanted to say that everyone should get a Vanilla Lisa's Love Lotion.  Just go out right now and try it.  You won't regret it, and in fact, you'll probably thank me.
Good food, but some of it seems overpriced. The main attraction here are the crazy tropical cocktails. Lots of unique drinks. I like going here in the winter when its freezing and there's two feet of snow on the ground so I can pretend its summer. 

BEWARE: sometimes this place turns into a crazy dancehall party. Not really my thing.
Great for drinks - a haven in WI winter. 

The food is not very good.  Some of the appetizers are okay, but the meals are overpriced and don't taste very good.
Jolly Bob's is a good time. It's consistently a good time. Maybe it's the strong tropical drinks? 

It's often very crowded, but there is a great patio in back! On nights when there is live music, everyone gets their dance on. It's usually some sort of reggae which adds to the tropical experience. 

In addition to trying pretty much any one of the tasty tropical cocktails, I recommend the chicken appetizer that comes with the peanut sauce. It's amazing.
Jolly Bob's is a total trip. It's got food that to my knowledge you can't get anywhere else in Madison and is hard to find in general. Not only is it rare but it's fresh, exciting and of course by mandate delicious. It's small, unassuming from the outside, a bit expensive, service is a bit unhelpful at times, contains a beautiful backyard garden, has a slew of delicious tropical libation elixirs--its the perfect place to go on like a thursday/friday night with some fun adventurous friends. 

Their dishes tend to be more on the meatier side, grilled meats or seafood, along with some a variety of grilled vegetables or rice. You get a nice platter with a mixture of savory, sweet, and spicy. It's basically like for around 15 dollars which by Madison standards is a bit expensive considering we're talking casual Willy St. location. Making the trip special will make the experience worth it though. I love their salads too because you get to choose from a sweet tropical dressing. 

Of course the drinks are famous too. You could probably make them at home if you took the time, but really whose gonna do that unless you're having a big party and making tons. BE SURE though, you inquire about the drink you're getting because some of them are much less tropical/sweet/icy and more like rum with a splash of liqueur--not refreshing unless that's what you're going for. 

Overall, Jolly Bob's is a bit uneven. It's assisted by being so unique but the food delivers and the fun factor is high.
The drinks are really good here- it does not take a lot to get the night started. However, I was not too impressed with the food at Jolly Bob's. It was mediocre  and I thought the prices were too high for the neighborhood/food. I do appreciate this cuisine in Madison though.

They have a really nice fish tank in the middle of the restaurant.

I would recommend making a stop for drinks. I plan on giving the food a second chance.
Great drinks, great food, great service. 

That is pretty good for our supper club visits. Our club has been trying a new local restaurant every month for the last five years. We've been through a lot & we always go into restaurants with the knowledge that serving a group of 12 takes a lot. Sometimes people succeed, sometimes they flop. Jolly Bob's did really good! 

I would have given them 5 stars if the ceiling wasn't leaking onto our table. After asking to be moved, they gladly did so, as well as rearranging our old table so that future diners wouldn't be there either. 

I had the pecan crusted grouper. It was very tasty. Good rice too. Drinks all around the table were a big hit. I stayed with the mojito's all night, which were really well done. Not too sweet. 

Even though they don't take reservations, they said they would have a table ready for the 12 of us & hold it as long as they could. Additionally they said the don't do separate checks, but for us they did. The food came really timely. Breaks weren't too long or too frequent.  They don't take credit (which is somewhat standard at a few of the little local places in Madiosn) but have an ATM on site.

I would definitely go back. Especially if looking for good strong drinks. Definitely an awesome local business, doing it right!
Recently went there for my sister's B-day. The food was excellent but there is not much of a menu. Only about 5 or 6 things to choose from and its pretty expensive. The fish my sister got was around $17.00...however it was probably the best fish Ive ever had(Think it was the pecan encrusted grouper.)

I like the atmosphere in Jolly Bobs. Makes me feel like im in some little place in Jamaica (think that's the point). The walls are painted a pale yellow and numerous pictures of beaches and palm trees etc. In the dead of winter this would be an excellent to go grab a drink and forget the frigid temperatures.

...Which brings me to the reason I would go back. The drinks. They have fantastic tropical drinks. I normally don't go for the foo foo drinks but these are pretty good. I ordered the Mai Tai because I have never had one...highly recommended. Wanted to get a second one but I was buzzing pretty hard and had to drive(yeah they are strong). 

Ive actually been craving a Mai Tai for about two weeks now. Ive got to go back.
If you live in Madison or are visiting, be sure that Jolly Bob's is on your list of bars to stop by.  It provides a great friendly experience with good Caribbean music, unique mixed-drink selections, and one of the best outdoor patios to be found.  

I can't stress the outdoor patio enough, and hopefully when you go it will be during the summer so that it is open.  They have a grotto with large tables to seat 4-6 friends and a very large table in the corner which can cater to an even bigger crowd.  The staff is warm and polite, and the mood always begs conversation.  Even the bar inside, while not as interesting as the outdoor patio, is a great place to stop in for some drinks.  

The drinks and food can be selectively good though, so be wary and ask questions.  I ordered what I thought was going to be a casual fun Caribbean drink only to find out it was like drinking Bacardi 151 as if it were a sipping whiskey.  The food was fine, but nothing to write home about.  Still, all these things are made up for by the atmosphere and it's a cool place to introduce friends to.
You can't beat their amazing tropical drinks and reggae night.  Seriously, I wish they had a place like this in San Diego.  They probably do, but not with drinks that cheap! I've only been here for food like once and I don't really remember it.  Their drink menu has more things on it than the food menu.   Be careful though, the drinks are sneaky.  It can be too late before you realize that you've had too many and find yourself puking in the gutter outside...
I've only been here once, but I had a good time. The food was nothing to write home about, but it has a great atmosphere. The fruity drinks aren't cheap, but they're also not ridiculous (6-10 bucks). I'd go back. 

Oh, and one exception to the so-so food were the conch fritters. They were a little different than I've had before, with more crunch and spice. Awesome.

Don't forget, this place does not accept credit or debit cards!  I guess there's an ATM, but, seriously, I don't want to have to go to the ATM.
There are a few things that are tough about this place: street parking, cash only, cinderblock exterior, and their drinks are so good it means their food gets some so-so reviews by comparison.
I've found their food to be quite yummy, and I enjoy the relaxed yet vibrant atmosphere. Apparently they have a lovely deck for summer outdoor dining, too.
They are known for their great drinks, however, so you can't skip those. Just make sure you have both cash and a designated driver, as you'll want to try a couple and linger a while :)
Food was decent, but overpriced.  The drinks are great and tropical.  The atmosphere is like a latin american bar, but it's just not my style.  Overall, it's good just a tad bit overpriced.
ok, yes.  the drinks are the highlight.  the scene is nice, esp in winter when it's warm and the smells take over the place.  

the food..the fish is really good.  the avocat and the blackjack are always sound choices.  if you ate that, i'd wrap up a 5 star.  however, I tend to find the jerk (chicken and pork, but esp the pork) to be on the dry side.  

if you're sitting outside and have a couple darkn'stormy or nacho loco's in your belly, you won't mind and I'd say you'd good back.
This is a great place to come unwind in the outdoor seating, although most people have the same idea so the wait to get outside can be long sometimes. The drinks are good, although they make a killer mojito!
The food is pretty good, I agree with the other posters that it isn't anything special though. I recommend the Avo-Cat or conch fritters, both very delicious! But for such a small kitchen it does taste good! 
The only downside is the cash only, because I normally don't walk around with a wallet full of $20's and constantly walking to the ATM gets old.
After three visits, I have mixed feelings about Jolly Bob's.  Overall I'm glad it's here, but they could definitely improve on a few things.

The good:
- patio out back is great in the summer (but watch the slope!)
- drinks are strong and tasty
- salads are nice and fresh, with a yummy spicy mango dressing

The bad:
- food is generally so-so, especially for the price ($15-$17 for a fish fillet with a side of rice and salad).  
- cash only; no split checks
- can be REALLY slow!  (we were told there would be a 45 minute wait, but we weren't seated for 80 minutes, and then it took another 45 minutes or more until we got our food)
All I can say is I LOVE everything about this place!!!   EVERYTHING!!!!
My overall experience with Jolly Bob's was pleasant and I'm disappointed giving them one star, but the service was so appalling that this review is necessary. 

The majority of the evening was fine. I was in a large group for my friends birthday. For some reason it was a big problem for them to squish 2 tables together so our two tables sat kiddy corner from each other. Our table had fairly decent service and they were even kind enough to honor our request from bread 2 times! The other table had slower service and kind of a snotty waitress. However, the birthday girl was at the other table and was presented with a birthday shot which made up for the aloof attitude. 

The food was decent. The bread was divine, our main courses were ok and the drinks were pretty good. We all ordered a variety of blended cocktails and fruity beverages. 

So, we were all ready to leave and on our way out the door when the waitresses stopped two in our party and questioned whether their service was adequate because they felt their tip was lower than the service they provided. They felt that they went above and beyond by "trying" to seat us together and going out of their way to give the birthday girl a shot (even though they made it seem as though it was a typical Jolly Bob's birthday custom. "It's your birthday: you get a free shot or a free slice of pie.") My friends were truly appalled by this confrontation and replied the tip reflected the service.

After the service so rudely approached our group, the 3. 5 star rating I previously considered was shot. 1 star for horrendous waitstaff. 

Also, if you're a cash only establishment, you should consider more cash-friendly prices.
I lived in Madison for 10 yrs and went to Jolly Bob's often.  Whenever I'm back in the area, we always make a point to stop for a drink.

I'm not a big fan of their food but it has nothing to do with quality.  Their selection is small and I don't particularly care for Caribbean food.

Their drinks are AMAZING.  Still the best I think I've had.  Great music, cool atmosphere and usually pretty friendly service.
Jolly Bob's has a really fun atmosphere.  I like to go in the summer and sit on the back patio or in the winter to drink something tropical and forget about the snow.  

When you walk in, it looks like kind of a dive, but the food is actually really tasty.  The prices are a little higher than you'd expect, but entrees do come with a salad with awesome mango curry dressing and lots of bread.  I've tried many of the entrees and they are all good, though probably not healthy.  You'll need the bread to compensate for all of the booze they put into the drinks.  Again, the drinks aren't cheap, but they are strong, so it kind of balances out.  

Service is pretty hit or miss, so just go for a low key night and you'll be fine.  If you're hoping to get in and out quickly, this is the wrong place.  There is often a wait and their time estimates aren't the most accurate.  Also, they don't take credit cards so bring cash or a check.
This is a 5 star dive bar, and one of my favorites. Jamaican fusion, the food is really good, but it can be hit or miss at times. The problem is the place is small and not a well kept secret. Fridays and Saturday the place is slammed. In the summer they try to put people out back. They do not take credit card and parking can be tough. All the problems aside this is worth the trouble. Say away from the wall of tequila your head will thank you in the morning, no mater how much your friends challenge you, there in no way to do one shot of each and get through the night.
You do not want to waste your time at Jolly Bob's. Yes it has fun drinks if you can actually get one. The bartender there is plain rude and it takes forever to get a drink. Food if average. Trust me a lot better places in town.
This is a very cheerful restaurant--bright blue and yellow walls, a saltwater fish tank with all sorts of neat coral, and delicious tropical cocktails.  Try the lemongrass margarita.  A good place to go when it's rainy or you're feeling down.

There's only one vegetarian entree on the menu (the vegetable curry), but it is quite tasty and the portion is substantial.  The entrees come with their house salad, which is fresh, delicious, and topped with your choice of mango curry, jerk strawberry, passion fruit, or banana poppyseed dressing.  Yum!  

For appetizers, the fried plaintains, guacamole, and grilled pineapple salsa are all good.  I was less impressed with the watercress and heart of palm salad.  The salad itself was good, but the dressing was nearly intolerably tart.

I docked Jolly Bob's a star because it is cramped, crowded, and can get terribly busy and noisy.  The services is not the greatest.  It can be extremely hard to get the bartender's attention; you practically have to stick a twenty in his face.  Frankly, I don't think their staffing is up to the demand.  There should have been two or three bartenders, but there was only one, and he was helping with tables as well.  The waitstaff should have been doubled and the host should have been sitting at the front of the restaurant, NOT in some corner behind the fish tank. 

I recently went during the last week of their Groupon.  We got to the restaurant at 5:45p, weren't seated until 6:30, and had to wait another half hour for our salads.  The drinks came AFTER the salads, and the entrees after that.  We didn't get out of the restaurant until 8:00.  This was on a Monday night!  It's never been quite that bad before, but definitely a place to go early.

Note: They don't take credit cards.  There is an ATM in the restaurant, but it has a $2 fee.  Bring cash.  The drink prices are fairly standard, but the entrees are a bit expensive.
Jamaican food and drink; I love their outdoor patio (out in the back) It gives a very tropical vibe on cool summer nights .. especially after a few of their great blended drinks! :-)

Food is consistently good - a little on the pricey side though.
Great place to enjoy a nice conversation with a friend or two. Drinks and food are great! My only complaint is the set up of the space. It's just disorganized. I know that's part of the tropical feel, but I really wanted to move stuff around and make the place flow better. Anyways, worth visiting any time, but I would never try to go there with a large group.
My wife and I went there for our 11th anniversary to recapture the flavors we experienced when we went to Negril for our wedding/honeymoon. We started out with some of their famous drinks which were delicious and STRONG! Purple Meanie is nothing to mess with, the Dark and Stormy is snappy, and the Nacho Loco is a great after dinner drink. For appetizers, I had the coconut shrimp and my wife had the angry potatoes....very tasty.  The shrimp were large, butterflied, and coated in crispy sweet wisps of coconut. The dipping sauce was a perfect combination of sweet and spicy. The Angry Potatoes were lavishly covered in a not too spicy tomato sauce and crispy. 

The house salads that came with the meals were deliciously simple with dressings that add a Caribbean twist. I had Strawberry Jerk Vinaigrette, she had Creamy Passionfruit, both very good. We could not go to Caribbean restaurant without going jerk, so my wife opted for the chicken. It was a half bird that was just perfectly spiced and very tender. It reminded us of the jerk we had in Negril. I had the Blackened Mahi Mahi with Jasmine rice and citrus cream sauce.....heaven!

The service was great and very attentive. We got there early on a Friday evening and enjoyed our meal at a leisurely pace without feeling rushed. When we left, the place was hopping and the staff appeared to not lose step with the increased volume and pace.

This is THE place to go for authentic Caribbean food. Irie mon!
One of my favorite places in Madison, Wi.  For being in the midwest it is hard to find good fish...however the mahi mahi was do delicious.  The outside is so cool to hangout and chill and you just want to stay and hang with your friends all day.

Service is great, food tasty, drinks amazing!!!
My husband and I were in Madison for business trip. I wanted to try something different. And I am so glad I found this place on Yelp! This is going to be one of our regular stops in Madison. The fish was AWESOME! 

The only problem, they don't take credit cards. Cash or check only. We were not prepared, but they had an ATM machine (charges a fee).

It was sort of hard to find with the road construction going on. But worth the hassle of driving around looking for a parking spot.
Let's just say that you should be careful if you like caipirinha's because they are deliciously deadly. I have over served myself on a couple of occasions. 

1. If you are in Madison in the summer, then you must stop here for dinner because the back outdoor area of this place can't be beat in Madison. 
2. The food is delicious. I particularly have a love for the Almond Papaya Shrimp. I'm on a shrimp kick lately, but it is melt in your mouth caribbean fare. 
3. The place actually has a legit caribbean feel. Plus it's on the east side of Madison, so obviously it's the $hit. 

On top of all that, they have all of these great pics of cool spots across the caribbean that make you want to travel to sunny destinations. They are not on sale, but sometimes I wish they were.
We were seated in the tacky (but, I admit, somewhat charming) outdoor seating area. The plastic patio tables and chairs were ridiculous. I don't mind that they were plastic - they just looked like they were from the 70's and were horribly dirty and uneven. I mean, really, how hard is it to get some nicer plastic furniture so your customers aren't wobbling all over the place??

Didn't care much for the food. Drinks I thought were overpriced. I wanted to try the chicken curry - but they were out. So I ordered the Mahi mahi and it was overcooked and dry. My boyfriend's fried chicken was also overcooked when it should have been juicy. The best part about my order was probably the mango curry salad dressing I had on the salad that came with my meal. Pretty tasty. 

Underwhelming experience. Maybe will come back for just some fun fruity drinks... but that's a big maybe.
Their fruity tropical drinks are incredibly delicious!! Some are really boozey and others not so much. The patio out back is a lovely place to spend a summer evening (although the uneven ground makes for a wobbly experience at times - or maybe that was just the drinks). They don't take cards which is pretty unfortunate for a place in their price range.
Had bad service and bad shrimp.  Can't comeback from serving bad shrimp or should I say prawns. If it was good,3 stars at the most.
I went to Jolly Bob's with fairly low expectations. The average rating was high, but the more I read into the reviews, it seemed like most people went here solely for the drinks.

Boy, was I pleasantly surprised! As most people suggest, yes - the drinks are dangerous... Very dangerous. I sucked down my two Hummingbird cocktails in a matter of minutes.

I was totally not expecting the table bread to be anything to write home about, but it was actually! It was warm and had that "fresh from the oven" taste to it. And the butter packets that came with it were not ice cold... you could actually spread it.

Real food-wise, the table ordered the Conch Fritters, which were a little spicy for me, but still pretty tasty with an interesting texture. 

For an entree, my s/o and I shared the BBQ Jerk Pork. For $12.50 this is an awesome value because it probably feeds 4 people with the amount of meat they give you. At first bite I thought the pork was extremely dry, but then I noticed the side of banana ketchup that came with the pork, and suddenly I was in heaven.

Entrees come with a House Salad, which was also a nice touch. We really enjoyed it with the Creamy Passionfruit Dressing.

Service-wise, our waitress had the perfect balance of attentiveness. She was cool, didn't neglect us, but also wasn't hovering over us. We were very comfortable.

Maybe we got lucky, but the funky atmosphere, good conversation, and surprisingly good food and drink provided a great night!
On a cold, rainy Sunday evening, I was looking for a place to eat to liven my spirits and thought Jolly Bob's could do the trick. After reading other Yelper reviews, I was well-prepared to have a full tropical drink menu to choose from, but very few reviews of the actual food. 

My date and I started off with a couple of fruity drinks and ordered the Papas Bravas to start (potato chunks with spicey sauce) - the app was a good compliment to the drink (a little sweet with a lot of spice). Because we were the only customers in the restaurant at the time, everything came out of the kitchen at a good pace, and our waitress was attentive but not intrusive.

The menu wasn't very extensive for the main course, and for someone who doesn't eat seafood, the options are cut in half (and a vegetarian only has 1 main dish to choose). I decided to go with the BBQ Jerk Pork, while my date chose the Black Jack (blackened Mahi Mahi). Both came with a house salad and table bread; word to the wise, the house salad is caribbean-style with fruit-based dressings, so don't expect iceburg lettuce and ranch dressing.

When the main dishes arrived, the plates were inviting, but my pork ended up being mostly fatty and pretty dry (it didn't seem very fresh to me). The sides were good, but not outstanding. My date said his fish was cooked well and tasted great.

In the end, I wasn't very impressed with the food, and the drinks were somewhat overpriced. I don't think I would return for the food, but would be a fun place for an after work happy hour. The ambiance itself wasn't very impressive either, but then again, I didn't get to try the outdoor patio.
I am not sure why you would go here looking for anything other than seafood and drinks.  The drinks are tasty, average in price for Madison, and the bartenders actually have to know how to use a blender and prepare fruit for drinks.  This is a surprise in a downtown where most "bartenders" are either just eye candy or can't do anything other than pull a tap handle.  The food is generall fast and quite good.  At times I find it a bit lost under the sauces, but the sauces themselves are tasty.  My favorite is the grouper.  My wife loves the strawberry salad dressing.  I hear they have Carribean music performances at night, but I have not witnessed one.  Overall its a great spot and one of my favorite in Madison.
Jolly Bobs is definitely a little bit of the carribean in Madison. Strong drinks and slow service is standard all over the Carribean so this is not a radical departure. The food is very good but expensive and the atmosphere is always awesome. If the place is empty or packed full it is always fun. If I'm going there to eat I go there with the plan to go someplace else if it's busy. And as someone who was in the industry for a while, I know it's called gratuity but until min wage gets raised for service industry, just tip well and there will be no awkward unpleasant-ness and you won't have to write a bad review.
When my boyfriend told me Jolly Bob's had the best drinks, I was kind of skeptical. I had really never had a good mixed drink and I didn't have high expectations. But Jolly Bob's sure proved me wrong. I had a passion fruit daquiri that was expertly blended and tasted amazing. I also had a drink called Seafoam that was a bit stronger but not overpowering. The bartenders know their stuff. We didn't eat there but people around us had ordered food and it looked pretty good. We'll be sure to try some when we come back.
As a visitor from California to Wisconsin, I'm always shocked and awed by the amazing drink prices. Jolly Bob's was no different. I had the Vanilla coconut drink and my boyfriend had the Painkiller. In California, these drinks would be about $10 each, and not as strong. I've heard good things abou tthe lemongrass margarita as well.

Our tortilla chip appetizer was my favorite dish of the night, fresh torillas fried and dipped in guac. It was magical. I forgot how flavorful tortilla chips can be. I won't be able to eat the store-bought kind anymore from now on. Our jerked prok was kindof fatty, but the flavor was awesome and it was moist and tender.

The atmosphere was my favorite part, though. It looks so divey from the outside, but inside is so cozy and cultural. I think it was Samba night because it was Friday, and the music was good.
I was incredibly skeptical of eating here based on the appearance of the building. I do however trust in the "hole in the wall" experience so I decided to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised by how big  the inside was compared to what I expected. The "hostess" stand is halfway through the building on the other side of the bar- not really welcoming. 
We were sat immediately which was nice since it was 8 pm on a Friday night and this was our second stop since the first was packed. 
We were given water right away and were able to browse the menu and decide on food before the server came back for our drink orders. We didn't order any drinks but the ones around us looked good, fairly reasonable $6-$8. 
Salads came out really fast (I believe all the wedge salads were pre-made and they just add your ordered dressing) the Jerk strawberry vinaigrette was delicious! 
And then we waited... Fresh warm bread was delivered and it was really good! But then we waited... And finally our entrees came out (the avo cat- deliciously prepared fish, and coconut shrimp appetizer- a little oily but a really good flavor) by the time the server returned to check on us we were done. It took a few more passes before he brought us the check and we found out plastic wasn't accepted. Not unusual for a Willy St business but annoying because we didn't want to wait for the change. 
The ambience wasn't anything to write home about- even the salt water tank only had one small tiny fish! The food was good, a little overpriced but slow service... Might try it one more time, especially for the drinks!
I'm a Madison native and have been to Jolly Bob's a few times. It's not a terrible place, but tonight as I was walking in I saw a long dress code. I thought it was a joke at first, because in addition to "no doo-rag", they said that no white shirts were allowed. I thought they couldn't be serious.

That is, until I got turned away at the door. I'm a white guy, but I can recognize that policies like this are clearly racist. They're trying to keep out 'ghetto' guys and have ended up with a laughable dress code. I honestly felt like I was in the '50s and segregation was in full force - it was just a bizarre, sad experience, especially after living in Brazil for 3 years.

Add to this the fact that as I stood there at the door trying to get my sister's attention, I saw a woman in a white shirt and pointed her out to the bouncer. "The code is only for men" he said. O.....K..... that makes a lot of sense.

This is a racist policy that people shouldn't support. I'm definitely not going in there again - no matter what I'm wearing.
is this place for real?
do people actually come here to eat and drink?
this place is listed under 'caribbean'? really?
what the hell is that all about?
This is hands down the best restaurant in Madison for the unhyped, properly priced, on this side of pretentious ;)  

I have had a long love with Jolly Bob's and I always will.  The decor and size make it a place that seems packed all the time, but don't let that deter you.  Drink a purple meanie and chill until your table is ready.  I love the curry cream mussels, the black jack and the curry chicken or pork.

This place is a staple in Madison and a place everyone should eat or drink at one time.  Oh and the aforementioned Purple Meanie - I've been able to drink 4 of them.  While I'm proud, I would not suggest it to anyone.  Car and driver required :)
Jolly Bob's is a splash of Caribbean flair in the middle of chilly Wisconsin.  The bar is not only stocked like woah, but they have an entire menu of fruity tropical beverages that will transport you to those beach memories.  The husband and I immediately were reminded of our honeymoon while sippin' on my 'painkiller' (name of one of the fruity cocktails).  

The menu is stocked with tasty Caribbean feasts.  I totally dig their authenticity to the Caribbean flavors like banana, curry, mango, and jerk seasoning.

I ordered the BBQ jerk pork ribs which were delish and huge.  Seriously almost didn't fit in the to-go box.  The banana guava ketchup was so unique and amaze on the pork.  

Gotta go back soon, maybe for happy hour next time!
Jolly Bob's has a fantastic cocktail menu from which my wife ordered. It looked delicious! I was in the mood for one of the local favorites on tap, but it came out rather flat. Next visit I think I'll stick to the cocktails.

All the entrees come with a house salad including an array of four or five dressing to choose from. I chose the mango curry dressing, which I did not regret one bit. The mix of sweet and spicy was an excellent foreshadowing of meal to come. The salad was served as a pyramid of lettuce surrounded by some appetizing mix-ins.

For the entree I ordered the beef tenderloin. I didn't think the cut of meat was great for price but overall I was pleased with the dish. It was served with an amazing salsa, a fried egg, pickled red onion and fresh avocado, all of which complimented the beef well. On the side were some of the best sweet potato fries I've ever tasted.

We ate inside - it was a touch dark and cold for an outdoor meal. Inside was nice but there was no danger of an overwhelming sense of being lost in the Caribbean. The giant fish tank in the middle of the restaurant housed only three small fish.
Jolly Bob's was... okay.

Came here for dinner yesterday and found that the bar was extremely crowded, and blocked off the dining area. I was not greeted by anyone, I needed to get the attention of someone to ask to be put on a list.

It took over half an hour to get seated. Was served bread reasonably quickly and service once seated was actually decent overall. Bread was good and fresh, Salad was also very good. Then the entrees came. 

I got the Avo Cat, which itself was good, but not great for its price. The accompaniments were also just... okay. Rice was particularly dry. Some of my dining companions had food was also merely okay (4oz mahi mahi for 13.50?, dry chicken in a curry dish?)

When it was time to take the bill, the server couldn't be bothered to split the cash only bill. 

I may come back again some time for drinks, as what my companions had were quite good, but I'm not so sure I'd come back for dinner again.
They don't take credit cards.  That's a non-starter for me.  This is 2012, suck it up, I never have cash, it's the cost of doing business.  The food is too mediocre to pull the "no credit cards" thing, David's Jamaican in Monona is WAY BETTER.
Jolly Bob's has some of the best authentic Caribbean food around Madison, and in the middle of winter they are an oasis of tropical drinks and atmosphere. I've come here several times, and they have never disappointed me. The last time I went I had a gift certificate I had received at Christmas. Someone from the staff had mistakenly wrote the purchase date of the gift card in the spot where the expiration date goes. When I presented it to our waitress and explained the situation, she didn't even pause a beat and said, "No problem, we'll honor that." We had great service and great food. My food recommendation are the meat skewers - especially the lamb. All in all, just a great place, great people, great food, and amazing atmosphere.
I love Jolly Bob's!!! They have the most delicious cocktails which I love because I was a bartender for years and love creativity in beverages. Last time I was there I actually ate dinner for the first time and had a blackened shrimp/rice dish which was incredible!! Their best kept secret is the outdoor patio out back.  It seems almost tropical in the warmer weather with the amazing array of trees.

Keep in mind it's cash only!!! :)

Thanks for all the good times!!!
Painkiller. Go. Drink it. It will fix what ails you.

Great cocktail menu. I have yet to eat here, but the drinks are great. Patio outside is neat as well. Perfect place to go to when you want to forget you're in central Wisconsin for a few hours.
Not a huge fan of tropical, fruity drinks, so keep that caveat in mind with this review. Met a friend for a cocktail on Saturday afternoon.

+ Welcoming feel; a little oasis on Willy Street
+ Great descriptions on the cocktail menu
+ Lots of top-shelf booze options
- Very limited tap selection
+ Food smelled great and looked interesting

+/- Drinks slightly pricey, but are high quality
- Cash only
+ ATM on-site

- Narrow, small bar area; limited seating
- Gets packed and difficult to move/navigate
- 1 bartender made for slow service
- Servers deliver food from "kitchen" to tables by making their way through the crowded bar
- Open kitchen stinks up the place very quickly

- Patrons seemed to all be inebriated prior to their arrival to Jolly Bob's... not sure if it was because of the Badger game or what, but there were a ton of obnoxious folks there; copious amounts of strong drinks didn't help things much
A group of us decided on Jolly Bob's last night to break away from the bitter cold and transport ourselves into a taste of the Caribbean.  What an utter disappointment.  I have eaten there several times before, although it has been a couple of years, and was very pleased.  This time was a tragedy.  The Lemon grass Margarita was nice but a little overdone with sweet and sour.  I ordered a Mojito at the beginning of dinner but it was terrible.  The club soda was flat and the drink was tasteless.  The night got worse from there.  Three of us had  the seafood bisque that was totally cold.  The Waitress took 2 back and instead of bringing 2 hot new bowls, she brought the same bowls back and we can only hope that they were given to the right people.  The other guest just ate his cold since he was too hungry to wait.  I ordered the blackened Mahi-Mahi and it was the worst piece of fish I have ever had, including what I prepared when I was just learning to cook.  The piece was tiny and so overcooked I could hardly cut with a knife.  My husband ordered the jerk combination and it was cold as well.  He didn't send it back but ate what meat he could find around all the fat that made up at least half of his dish.  Two guests ordered the Almond Shrimp and it was terrible.  The only reason I can give it 2 stars is because the Black Jack fish that I received after sending my blackened Mahi-Mahi back was delicious and finally hot, and the wings ordered by another guest were delish. The original dressings on the salads also made them extraordinary.   I really hope they can get their act together soon before it is too late.
Excellent food, great atmosphere, and an expansive menu with detailed descriptions. And the drink list. . . oh the drink list!! I really enjoyed this place and look forward to returning.
I consider myself a Jamaican food enthusiast and I was truly not impressed with the quality of the food. It's was simply OK, along with the service and the drinks. The atmosphere is nice though especially for a date night or one on one.
Stopped by Jolly Bob's for the first time on a whim one night, as other dinner plans fell through and we were wandering Willy Street in search of grub. What a happy accident!

I should mention this night was particularly cold. Jolly Bob's was a wonderful little "staycation" with tropical drinks, spicy food, and a cozy atmosphere.

I had a Love Lotion, per the bartender's suggestion, and later a caipirinha (a go-to drink of mine) with dinner both were strong enough and tasty!

For dinner, I went the snacking/tapas route, ordering each of the beef empanadas (one curried, the other not), a jerk pork pincho with banana ketchup, and papas bravas (potatoes in a spicy tomato sauce). I looooved the empanadas, though one was a little short on filling. The pork was a little bit dry and not a great temperature. And the papas were pretty good, though the sauce was chunkier than expected, more like pico de gallo and less like the smooth sauce I've become accustomed to.

Our waitress was really informative, though sometimes a bit abrupt, cutting people off when speaking.

I'd happily go back for drinks and empanadas any time!
Best best best food. Shrimp was delicious with the coconut rice. Lovely wait staff. Drinks are reasonably priced and very good. Get a taxi if you planning on going there.
Such great food and atmosphere. Jolly Bob's is one of my favorite Madison restaurants. The drink menu is fun and Caribbean themed.  I have tried most things on the menu and each dish is excellent. The outside patio is wonderful in the summer, but indoors is also nice for a mini-vacation in the winter. Definitely a great place to take out of town visitors.

The front of the house can be a little unorganized, and last I checked, the restaurant does not accept credit cards so make sure you come with cash/check.
Soooooo delish! Love the authentic look, love the super friendly staff, love love love,,,
Had been ordering from the Jamerica cart on Library Mall for some time, and finally tried the restaurant on Williamson.  Decor is eclectic--snapshot photos pasted on the wall, plastic tablecloths, beverage cooler in the dining area, but the food is the real reason for coming.

Run-down mango tofu with rice and vegetables is a great vegetarian option.  Jerk pork and chicken were savory and falling off the bone--the pork was tender and moist in comparison to the Library Mall cart, where the pork is sometimes a bit dry.  Servings are massive--each dish is easily two meals, so plan on taking half home for tomorrow's meal.
As lovers of sketchy Jamaican and Caribbean restaurants, my boyfriend and I (newcomers to Madison) decided to try Jamerica for dinner. We had sampled their jerk chicken at Taste of Madison this summer but wanted to get the full experience, not to mention that I had a mad craving for some coconut rice and stewed cabbage. It was cold outside, so we decided to grab a case of Capital's Winter Skal and get our jerk chicken to go. Entrees on the dinner menu range from 11.50-15.50 each, which is pushing it for me, but they are cooked to order which is much appreciated. Jerk chicken will set you back 11.50, and if you want some delicious plantains they'll charge another $3. The chicken was dark meat, skin on, bone in and we got 4 thighs with our one meal. The jerk sauce was not very spicy or flavorful, and the chicken was quite greasy. The rest of the styrofoam takeout container was filled with a mixture of stewed cabbage, carrots, and broccoli on one side and rice and red beans on the other. Not much flavor there either :( In my opinion the best part were the plantains, but as I said earlier it was $3 for about 6 or 7 pieces. 
The inside is very inviting on a cold night and the decor is eclectic. Next time I'll go for lunch and stay a while. In the meantime, I'll try David's.
I love the jerk chicken and pork. The meat just comes off the bone. The plantanes were superb but be careful with the dipping sauce--SPICY! Décor is a lot of local flavor.
For such a little place on Willy Street, I expected it to be cheaper (about $12-15 for entrees).  Good news, however, was that I got dinner and TWO lunches out of my one jerk pork order and every one of the meals was fantastic, flavorful, and very different than any other meal I've had in Madison.  I also tried the mango tofu curry at the WORT Block Party and can't wait to go to the restaurant to get a full portion!

Also fun: they have a cooler full of bottled beer- tons of imported things- and you pick out your beer, open it yourself, and pay later.  Perhaps not the greatest service, but sometimes l like different things like this.
The Willy St locale feels a bit awkward. There is a constant weird scent in the air, no it's not herb, more like incense. The space feels more like a converted storefront than a restaurant. The menu wasn't particularly large which was a bit unfortunate. I think among 6 of us we only had 3 different dishes at the table. 

The jerk meats are good, you don't quite get the spread you get at Jolly Bobs, but its good, well spiced but balanced. The sides are as to be expected, plantains, veggies and rice all of which are fine. 

The price is definitely a bit of an issue. In fairness, all the "Caribbean" places in Madison are not cheap (Here, Jolly Bob's & Costa Rica Cafe). So ya know perhaps the time it takes to marinate makes all these places a bit more expensive. The problem is they don't look visually high end so you're wondering where exactly the money is going. 

Overall, if I wanted jerk chicken I'd probably shoot for their cart in library mall or since the restaurant isn't much to experience, paying for it doesn't really add anything I'd just order takeout when I really craved it. Personally, while the meats are good, I prefer the flavors at J Bob's and Costa Rica Cafe and think their value is a better.
For many months I had savored the food of Jamerica strictly from their library mall cart; a few weeks back though I made it into the restaurant and as with the cart I can't wait to go back.

It was a Saturday afternoon, me and the lady were the only two patrons, though there were a bunch of guys playing dominoes and drinking beer in the back room.  There was reggae on the speakers and Redstripes all around.  Service was quick and friendly and the food was great.  Large portions and super tasty.  So glad I live close.
Jamerica is exactly what I'm looking for in a restaurant.  Sequestered in the eclectic Willy St. Neighborhood, it's a very tiny slice of Jamaica right in Madison.  My girlfriend and I sampled some dishes and tried some appetizers and the food was impressive to say the least.  I'm a big fan of Jambalaya, and while the taste can often range greatly, they have hands down some of the best I've ever had.  Not a fan of Jambalaya?  Try their Jerk Pork, very tasty and the sides that came with it were fantastic as well.

The building itself is very small, but when I want to go out for dinner with my girlfriend or a small group of friends, it provides the ideal setting.  There are only 4-5 tables, and the total size is something along the lines of an average living room.  They have a beer/soda cooler where you'll find a curious array of different Jamaican brews, all of which I tried sparked conversation and sampling around the table.

The only cons I can think of are the price and the service.  The waitress was nice and friendly, but didn't do much beyond that.  The presentation of the dishes was also equally plain, but that's probably suitable given that the establishment is looking to give it's patrons a sampling of true Jamaican lifestyle.  Too bad the price can't be that way too, dishes are about $15 a plate, but at least they don't leave you hungry.

Overall great place, I'd highly recommend it.
Mmm... the food here is good.

I had a shrimp something or another.  It was suppose to be sweet and spicy, but it was just coco-nutty/milky.  But it was good!  There were many shrimps too.  The roommate ordered jerk chicken which was delicious! 

The food is expensive, but that's probably because the place doesn't seem to get a ton of business.  I went on a Friday night and there was only one other table of two.  The hostess is nice and friendly.
Oddly, I had never eaten at Jamerica until tonight. As an undergrad, I ate plenty of food cart Jamerica. And I may have had it once or twice since I've been back in Madison.

But now that I live in the "neighborhood" I have good access to the Jamerica home base. So tonight when a couple of friends in town suggested it, I was excited. Based on the other reviews, I was expecting a much less inviting atmosphere. I guess it's just very Madison and very Willy Street - warm and colorful decor, friendly service. No frills. 

I guess I also wasn't expecting the food to be this good. My jerk chicken was excellent. It was the most flavorful chicken I have tasted in a while, with a generous helping of rice and beans and a side of a sort of cabbage and veggie salad. My husband got their special pork curry stew - also quite tasty. 

Overall, I really enjoyed the meal and would definitely go back. The prices are kind of high but it's a lot of food. If you don't pig out you should definitely have leftovers.
Jamerica achieves an impressively authentic recreation of a jerk shack.  Be prepared for a looonnngg wait- we waited an hour for our jerk pork and jerk chicken.  A patty beforehand and a couple of RedStripes eased the wait somewhat.  It's definitely no-frills, and drinks are self-serve from the cooler.  There's also a small selection of imported Jamaican foods for purchase- the Grace hot sauce is highly recommended.  

Food was tasty, and there was certainly more than a meal's worth on our plates- we brought home almost an entire styro container for another meal.
Very informal, Jamerica offers Jamican comfort food at affordable prices. Located in a funky storefront, the restaurant has self service drinks (a reasonable beer selection with a very, very minimal selection of generic varietal wines). The waitress counts bottles to figure your drink tab. The jerk selections (salmon or chicken) are good and only spicy by Midwest standards, and are served on an enormous plate of rice, red beans, and greens. Recommended for the hungry.
OMG...the food is 99% American and 1% Jamaican!  I was very disappointed.  The food lacked flavor and they served very large portions. I will most likely not be returning.
What I love about Jamerica is the way it feels like a restaurant in the Caribbean.  Some miss matched furniture, you have to get your own drinks from the cooler, etc.  
You have to ask to sit on the back patio, but it's a beautiful place to sit on a Friday night in the summer, eat some good food and drink a couple of beers.  It's getting warm, I can't wait until it opens.
Lunch prices are super cheap, and then it's more expensive at dinner.  My favorites are the curried goat and the catfish.
It's broken up into smaller rooms which is nice for me because if there's a quieter room, (or the patio)the kids can walk around a little without disrupting the whole restaurant.
I am sorry to give this review, but over a year later this experience still sticks out in my head. My boyfriend and I went in to Jamerica and the owner was right at the front chatting up some people. We stood for a minute before deciding to seat ourselves. We sat for a few more minutes before getting our own menus. We then helped ourselves to our own drinks from the cooler. After about 10 minutes of not being acknowledged by the owner (or anyone for that matter) who was maybe 5 feet away, we walked out and went a block down to Jolly Bob's. The owner and his friends stared at us as we walked out, but what did they expect? I think it was the first time they even looked at us. I have heard the food is great, I don't know. I wouldn't go back because I felt really disrespected and Jolly Bob's is also amazing Caribbean food and so nearby.
I think if you've been to Jamaica/the Caribbean (provided you didn't just eat at resorts), you'll appreciate this place. As we sat waiting for food, my husband remarked that it felt so much like being in Honduras. We walked in and the woman barely greeted us, but was super friendly. We sat ourselves and she disappeared. We grabbed our own beers. Totally okay (apparently, from reviews, to be expected). Food orders were taken, and we waited. Even though we were the only people eating. The food was brought out and was amazing. 

Yes, it's dark meat, skin on, bones in -- like in Jamaica, or any other non first world country. No, it's not salted to death. The flavors are subtle, like they should be. The portions were huge though, which was appreciated by a few of us who hadn't eaten all day (yet we still didn't clean the plates) and another couple who shared one (no extra charge).

I would definitely go back again -- the food was good, the owners are nice. The waitstaff could literally be seen chopping the fresh veggies in the kitchen. It was so authentically Caribbean -- just a great way to relive so many travels
As previous reviews have mentioned, this place has a very laid-back a la Caribbean feel, as it should.  The jerk chicken & pork meal was large and very satisfying.  The flavors were subtle, yet kept you interested in the meal.  I loved that they had some Jamaican products you can purchase right there and home-made hot sauce served with the food was amazing! Will definitely go back when in Madison!
Very laid back atmosphere as expected but the food was amazing.  The pepper pot calaloo soup is a must and the chicken literally fell off the bone.
The food is great. Martin the owner and cook is a personality that adds to a wonderful experience
I seldom write review and so whoever is reading this must understand how bad the food was. 
I'm a regular customer here and the food is generally good and so I order delivery from S2YD a lot. However, the last time I made an order(Goat Curry) the food was close to untouchable. 
The Styrofoam box in which the food came was dripping with oil. I ignored this, and on eating the rice I realized it was either not well cooked or that they had reheated what they kept in the fridge. Needless to say, I didn't touch the meat fearing for my life.
That was the last time I ever ordered from Jamerica - and its been almost 2 months now.
The jerk chicken is delicious. The dinner portion with rice and beans is more like 3 dinners - I have eaten it for two meals and still have a tupperware full. 

I have had it several times. This last time it was brought back to me in Chicago, still warm after 2.5+ hours. I will be stopping in here at homecoming to have it again!
Stopped by here for dinner today.  Ordered a jamaican patty and a jerk chicken meal.  The patty was good.  Not really flaky but the filling was seasoned just perfectly.  The jerk chicken was a little disappointing.  The chicken was a little dry and I just tasted heat as opposed to flavor.   I didn't like their vegetable stir fry at all.  The rice was okay though

The prices are a little high, but their portions are GIGANTIC.  I did not expect to get basically a half chicken order so that was nice to have some portions to take home for the future.
I expected Jamerica's food to be as bright as the restaurant's colorful facade. Unfortunately, the dishes I tried were bland and heavy - much like what my rural midwestern aunts might serve if they served tofu.

Eating outside was pleasant enough but the pepper pot calaloo, mango rundown, BBQ tofu and fried plantains were all oil-heavy and ultimately forgettable. The rice and beans and accompanying potatoes were more of the same.

The service was friendly if not always attentive.
A small, in someone's living room feeling, restuarant that will make anyone smile when the walk in. The portions are large, the prices low, the staff seems like they feel right at home. Locals come and go as you eat, and you can help yourself to the drink selection in the cooler in back (they have TING!) 

Its Jamaican style cooking, but they go so far beyond the standard fair. None of it is gourmet, but the fish I had was superb. 

So, if you're looking for a relatively inexpensive meal in a festive environment that makes you feel at home - check out Jamerica.
As soon as you walk in you are welcomed by a warm vibe and get a feeling that you're about to eat a good, home style cooked meal with love. That feeling lasted the whole time while we were there. Bob Marley pictures on the wall, positive quotes alongside pictures of some well known Jamaican heroes, and several bottled micro brews...one of which was from the tiny micro brew of my friend's brother. 

I enjoyed my order of the Jerk Chicken but was VERY jealous of my friend's order of the MANGO RUNDOWN SALMON. TO DIE FOR!!! Ah, I wish I took an order of this home for later. I never thought I'd find myself at a Jamaican restaurant in Madison on a cold winter day but sometimes that's what you need to warm the soul :)
Average. Not the same as the jerk places in Chicago, but ok I guess. Food was sort of cold and rushed. My partner's pork was shredded and dry. The rice and beans were great.
The rice I had tasted off. It tasted smoky and I don't know how else to describe it, almost as though somebody had smoked a pack right into it or as though it was in an oven with a dish that spilled over and infused it with some odd burnt flavor. I spent the whole time trying to figure out what that weird flavor was and if there was any chance it was supposed to taste like that. Ultimately I guess it doesn't matter because I really didn't like any of my food at all. I don't plan on ever giving it another try.
An absolutely massive plate of chicken, fried-up veggies, and rice greeted us after we ordered the jerk chicken - it's a good thing we presciently chose to share!  Even between two of us it didn't all completely disappear.

The texture of the chicken was half tender, half car tire.  Not sure how they managed that.  The spice level was light, but some spicy orange sauce (meant for the plantains, but the plantain-eater is a spice-o-phobe) helped.  The chicken oil that soaked the rice made it ten times more delicious.  And the veggies may look like sad old Chinese stir-fry rejects, but they taste better than they look.

There's a big cooler filled with Jamaican drinks, or approximations thereof (see: Reed's ginger brew) and everyone's friendly as can be.
One of my favorites anywhere. Warm, kitchy and inviting.  The food is absolutely awesome. Do yourself a favor however and resist the temptation to order the Jerk ... that you have had at any other Jamaican place and get one of the Rundown items. Unique to here and AMAZING!
We checked out Jamerica because they offer some veggie items and because it's perfectly located across the street from the Willy Street Co-op.

Although there are only a few veg items, I was still very impressed by the tofu/vegetarian/vegan offerings they had (maybe 5-6 including appetizers).  The Jerk Tofu and BBQ Tofu were both really good.  They were served over a huge portion of red beans and rice.  Plus, very reasonable prices and super nice staff.
Hands down best meal I've had in Madison. I can't believe I waited so long to come here, this is definitely my new favorite place to eat.

I went with 1 other person late on a Saturday night. The service was definitely slow, so this isn't a great place if you're in a rush, but the environment is low-key so it's a relaxing place to wait. And the food is definitely worth the wait.

We shared the mango rub down salmon, jerk chicken, and plantains. The plantains were sweet, crisp on the outside and tender inside. The two main meals came with cabbage salad and rice and beans. The flavoring on the mango rub down was phenomenal; sweet and rich, but not overpowering. The salmon to beans/vegetable ratio was spot on. 

The jerk chicken was well cooked, rich, and flavorful. Rice and beans were bomb dot com. The portions were gigantic, we took almost 1.5 take out boxes home with us.
I would have given them 5 stars if they had the ox tail or the catfish.... But for summer season it is not apart of their menu. 

But if your in the mood for meat so tender it falls off the bone this is the place for you! 

I had the goat curry.... Amazing towards the end of my meal I noticed I started eating slower b/c I knew soon it would be all gone.  I will be sure to come back!! 

I will give it the nom, nom, nom rating of deliciousness.
Pros: absolutely delicious food, large portions.

Cons: very expensive, terrible service. 

After eating from the food cart at the farmers market, I decided to check out the full restaurant. It took at least thirty minutes for the waitress to take our order (mind you there were only 2 other tables seated) and ten more to bring our water. She never brought the drink my boyfriend ordered and never came back to refill the water even though she said she would. I know people say this is what to expect at non-American restaurants but...c'mon. When in Rome, right?

I had the jerk pork and fried plantains...$14 for the entree and $4 for the appetizer. It was a large portion and definitely very spicy & delicious, but for Madison, that's insanely expensive. I'll be sticking to the food cart from now on!
My jerk chicken was not as flavorful as it should be, and I prefer heavy gravy, and this was dry. It seemed as if it weren't marinated and all the flavor was right at the surface, just from the spice rub. The breast meat was fairly dry. The peas and rice, despite asking for extra gravy, were almost completely dry as well. They didn't have any braised cabbage, which I would consider to be a staple at a Jamaican place.

I guess I would go again and try the oxtails, but only if I were already in the neighborhood. I'm forever spoiled by Caribbean Citchen in Detroit.
I forgot to review this place and in my last day in Las Vegas, I think I should. 

Hands down great Jamaican fare. I have been to Jamaica a few times and find that there best food is comforting much like this joint's. (Pardon the pun) Things you will find there are typical dishes like jerked items, but delve in further to find ackee or bacalao (cod). Other items that were there are , meat patties (like empanadas), oxtail, and goat; yum and yummy. Everything we had was very good. We enjoyed about 10 dishes, to taste everything. 

The only downfalls are, price and the wait. 

However, with that said, it is a small, genuine place. You pay for quality, and that is evident in their food. The wait also can be prevented by calling ahead. 

The owner and staff are very nice. Super nice, in fact. If you are in this neck of the woods, please give it a try! Keep the good local places in business.!!!
Pros:
JAMAICAN FOOD!
Pretty good meat pies/patties.
Has advertisements and fliers for other Jamaican/Caribbean related businesses and events in Vegas.

Cons:
Kind of steep(but understandable).
Jerk chicken is a bit dry sometimes.

Yay for Jamaican food. I really wish Vegas had more offerings of Jamaican/Caribbean culture.
OK, I'm giving them a 4 star rating, but only because I hope it helps them prosper and because I miss good jamaican food.  The food is OK.  I'm a little picky.  Been to Negril 10-15 times or more.  What really hurts more than the food is the staff.  Nobody with any energy.  What I love about Jamaica and going there is the people and the energy.  If he had a good front person on the register that was friendly and knew a little about Jamaica it would make a huge difference.
I've got to say my expectations were not met when I ate here. And I'm fairly understanding when it comes to ethnic mom & pop places. But there were just too many things going wrong here to rave about it. 

So we order the curried goat, tripe and beans, rum cake, plantains, and ginger beer. NOT the ham and cheese on white bread. So I did find it funny when asked if I've eaten this type of food before. Ey, mon, you don look way pale for dis food, mon. 

Here's a big downer. Everything comes in styrofoam boxes and they give you these dinky, pygmy-sized plastic utensils. And then they charge $2.00 for a fountain drink and post this BIG sign that says NO FREE REFILLS. OK, I get the picture. This all comes across as food truck service but at sit down prices. 

The goat was pleasantly tender and the curry was pretty good, but the beans and rice just killed the taste buds with being over salty ( a trick to get beans soft quicker is to soak them in salt water, if you didn't get them down in enough time ) The little button of fry bread could put out someones eye with its' denseness. I did like the cabbage salad and veggies. A really nice touch. 

The tripe was far and away the best dish they had. It had enough give to not bounce the fork back with rubberyness ( as happens when not done well ). But this was smooth and tender and the broth was really kick-ass! 

The rum cake was yummy and very rummy. The ginger spices and raisins were done really well. Nice texture on that. 

The plantains were unh, ok, but nothing special. too bad. 

I think the prices were a bit confusing, especially when doing mental math since they don't give you a register tally. The layout is this slightly comfy L-shape that was fine if no more than five people were eating. Anyway more would be way too chummy. The Bob Marley this and that was kind of kitschy, but expected. The music was reggae, of course, and a nice level. 

I'd love to give it more, so I'll try it again, but for now, a two will have to do, mon.
The worst Jamaican food ever, pricey and run down. The staff does not care one bit. The interior is like kindergarten, plastic everywhere... Oh and not to mention after buying a soda it is a dollar for a refill... Stay away....
Never having Carribean or Jamaican food before, I was interested when a coworker mentioned that he went to this place and enjoyed it. I went today with him and a few others to give this place a shot, and we were all quite surprised.  I didn't really expect it to be so good.  I ordered the Goat Curry with Jamaican Roti, and the Sweet Potato Pudding for dessert.  

I have yet to have a goat curry that I have really liked.  The dish in general always seems to be served with a sweet yellow Indian curry, which I'm not a huge fan of.  This curry was different.  I loved it.  It wasn't sweet at all, nor made with coconut.  It had a perfect spicy flavor without going over the top.  There were little potatoes in it, along with very tender and moist stringy goat meat.  The roti was amazing... very flat, floury bread with a little bit of spice cooked into it, perhaps from a curry.  I dipped it in my curry sauce, and thoroughly enjoyed every bite.  There was also a little coli flower salad that came with the dish, and a whole wheat bun.  

The Sweet Potato Pudding caught me off guard.  I didn't really taste a lot of sweet potato in it, but did taste perhaps a little rum or something like that.  It had raisins in it too, and was more of a little pudding cake.  It was quite enjoyable, but after all of the food that we had, i just couldn't finish it!  

We also had some of the beef and chicken stuffed patties.  You HAVE to try the beef patties.  They are spicy with shredded beef stuffed inside a layered pastry.  Just deliciousness.  When I come back, and I definitely am, there is simply no way I could not order one of these on the side.

Personally, I think the reviews on this place are low.  The ambiance isn't much; it fees like a mom and pop diner.  The staff offers adequate service, but isn't overly friendly.  The place is just very casual.  However, I think the food is quite a bit above average.  The prices are slightly high, but if that bothers you just drink a water and don't order any extras.  The food is worth it.  I don't really like sweet Indian curry, so this curry has me hooked!  I can't wait to try the ox tail!
So I accidentally found this spot after getting groceries while on vacation in Vegas.   Like most Jamaican spots it's a small mom and pops place. Don't expect glitz and glamour, just some good old fashion fresh Jamaican food. I've had the jerk chicken, oxtails, chicken and goat curry and chx patties (not all on the same day) everything was great!  When home in Cali I eat at Lee's and Jammin, this was on the same level.  I know when I visit Vegas again I will stop by and eat up....
I had the oxtail plate twas different but delicious: cabbage, rice, oxtail, a slice of a plantain and this bread. We ordered 3 plates and it was 50$ so the price is a tad high for me. I don't feel that it was THAT good to be okay with paying up.
Please please go out of business asap. and stop employing your relatives. they have real issues and no customer serivce skills whatsoever
Best Jamaican food in Vegas. . . Think about this place when I'm @home
Naturally, this isn't where you're going if you want a super-expensive, white tablecloth place.  

But, if you want AWESOME Jamaican food, this is HOME baby!  I'm not Jamaican, so I can't say with any great authority that it is authentic, but I've lived in Miami, in a heavily Jamaican neighborhood, and this reminds me of what I had there.  The curried goat was very nice.  But, my wife got the jerk chicken, which usually is a dish that does not excite me.  This one excited me! 

The woman who worked the place was such a sweetheart too.  Great service, and she was just as accommodating and welcoming as can be.  

I can't recommend it enough.
I love this place. I go once a week for the Jerk Chicken. I only get the beef patties and Jerk Chicken. The chicken is spicy and the rice and peas is great! I go to Jamaica every year and this is as close as it gets here in Las Vegas!
A co-worker of mine suggested this place because he knows I'm always up for trying new restaurants for lunch.  Found the menu on usmenuguide and went with the calaloo and salt fish dish.  I had no idea what exactly calaloo and salt fish were, but I was feeling like getting my Zimmern on that day.

When we went to pick up the food, there was a little bit of a wait as several customers came in after we arrived which seized the attention of the lone worker up front.  She was very friendly though and maybe we just arrived too early for pickup.  I decided to order some "fresh lemonade" which I believe cost $3 and came out of some jug in the refrigerator behind the counter.  I think I need to break from this narrative and go straight to the review of the lemonade.  IT WAS DISGUSTING.  Overly sweet and just not a pleasant flavor, and it didn't taste fresh to me in the least.  I threw it away immediately upon getting back to the office.  

The food was much more pleasing in every way.   First off there was a mountain of food.  The prices run a little high, but you get a lot for it.  Callaloo turned out to be some leafy substance that reminded me of spinach and/or seaweed.  Saltfish turned out to be bland pieces of chicken.  Just kidding they were (spoiler alert) salty pieces of fish.   There were also a few pieces of plantain that I thought tasted a little off from other versions I've had in the past.   The Callaloo and saltfish tasted nice (and yes, it was really salty) and I liked the preparation on the rice as well.  

I can't say I'd ever clamor to revisit tasty island, though I'd definitely give some more of their entrees a try if it came down to it.   Moral of the entire review:  When life gives you lemons, don't make Tasty Island lemonade with it.
I would agree on the previous review(s) claiming some of the dishes are overly salty (at least for Jerk Chicken), but it's well worth it considering the limited options here in Vegas in terms of Jamaican food.  Atmosphere is Bob Marley pandering crap, but nothing distracting. It's definitely pricey(don't expect to pay less than $10-$15/meal) considering the plastic tablecloths, styrofoam containers used even for dining in, disposable utensils and limited service, only ignoring the serving size. Aside from this, the food is flavorful and the owner is friendly.
Over priced and not clean. I don't usually score places so low but everything about this place just didn't sit right. I had the oxtail and it wasn't seasoned well. My boyfriend liked his jerk chicken, rice and peas were a little hard. Beef patty was ok. The floors were disgusting and the plastic tables clothes were faded and had holes. We both got sick immediately by the time we got home. I'm not planning on eating here again.
I have never tried Jamaican food prior to this place and I must say, I am a huge fan! I tried the ox tail and loved how soft and tender it was. The meat fell right off the bone. The service was fast and friendly. Would definitely go back here again.
Owner wrote me and asked me to actually give his business another chance, said he was a new owner and proprietor that had taken over.
First experience with Jamaican cuisine. I try so hard not to judge on the atmosphere of restaurants like these, because some of the best restaurants are truly hole in the wall establishments. It is in a strip mall in a shopping center. I will admit the location is a little run down in itself, and I felt like the two times I came here they were still under construction from the last time I first came (which was about a three months interval since the first time).

The service was alright. I didn't get much of an opinion on certain items when I questioned what they were like and what could work best for someone who is picky about their diet, just simple remarks as, "oh, yeah, that's good" or "I'm sure you'll like it" on just about everything I asked about. I went with the Calaloo. I believe this was the first time I had a Jamaican style plantain, and it wasn't bad. The collard greens were alright. A little on the soggy side, lukewarm. I'm not sure if it was the plate that I got, but aside from other reviews found about this place, the Calaloo has to be the least salty? Might not be salty, but still very greasy.

The Calaloo was the only dish I tried the times I went., so the next time I go I want to get another to feel out this place a little more. Aside from the service and appearance, I feel like there is something I could be discovering amazing from this place if I decide to go back.
This place looked so fun from the outside!  Too bad the food is disgusting and the place is filthy.  Just for the record, I am not a Jamaican food expert by any standard but I know when something is disgusting.  Will not be back.
The coupon nor the restaurant advised that this was take out only.  I gave her the certificate and immediately felt as if she treated me like I did something wrong.  After her agreeing to honor the coupon, She began to limit me on the things I could buy.  Beef Patties were off limits because she flys them in from NY.  Being from NY I asked which brand it was and she advised me Golden Krust.  Not even the good ones.. (Word to the wise Tower Isle makes the best Beef Patties, trust me)  Hmmm.. does she know the Dollar Tree on Rainbow and Spring Mountain sells that very same brand of beef patty.. For $1.00.  Anyway, the food was put into the container very sloppy and she gave me half of what the normal serving should have been.  I am a very great cook and can just make my own Jamaican food if needed. They are way too expensive and I will not be returning.
1. Apparently there are 2 names in play here. They call themselves 'Tasty Island Caribbean Food & Deli' here but 'Tasty Island Jamaican Food Menu' inside.

2. I walked in, it's a cluttered place, divey is the word, located on the corner of a strip mall. What normally would be a deli case is filled with boxes as you enter. There was no greeting from the 3 people behind the counter and towards the back.

3. I go to the table - 2 placed together - to meet my fellow 3 diners. No menu provided, no service to the table.

4. Only 5 feet from the counter, I asked the person behind the counter for help. At several points, nobody was present for service of any sort.

5. The cashier/order taker? When asked what was their best dish and what would he recommend, he basically said he didn't know. At another point, our table mates asked about the size of the dish and he strongly suggested they order the large size. They wanted the 'SM' size - they were right, he was wrong.

6. We had a lot of questions of what was what, e.g. Calaloo, Ackee, Escoveitched Fish, Roti. The responding answers were only somewhat helpful at best. Frankly, I want the person working there to have a good idea of what items are and be able to suggest items.

7. When asked about the Coco bread, he stated, "It's just bread" and he pointed at the loaf. 

8. We had a side order of a 'Beef Patty' which I thought resembled Cherry pie from 7-Eleven. I do not see/taste the allure of it.

9. Three of us had the Jerk chicken. The menu states all meals are served with peas - not true. None was provided.

9. On the good side, the dead Jerk Chicken was normal and the rice was good. The Red Stripe beer was good as well.

10. When the food came out, it was all in styrofoam with plasticware. Even at divey, hole-in-the-wall places, one normally gets plates and silverware but not here.

11. In the end, it took about 10 minutes to obtain the bill, apply the discount, double-check on the split of who pays what part of the bill, and then finally receiving the credit slip to sign.  

12. I've read some other reviews and I suppose, if there is a good dish that you like, e.g. Tripe soup, Oxtails, Ackee, Cowfoot Stew, Curry Goat, Salt Fish, go there and try it. Don't count on any service or explanations, or even suggestions. Or silverware. Or actual food in the deli cases. 

13. To be fair, my friends thought slightly higher of the place ... slightly.
My husband and I sought this place out because we love Jamaican food.  We had a $15 dollar Restaurant.com gift certificate.  When we walked in, the guy behind the counter, goes, "Did you read this entire page?"  We were like , Yeah.   Rude, from the git go.  Then, he goes, "I take it, you have never been here before?"--with an attitude.  When I asked what the difference was between the SM jerk chicken and the large, he condescendingly goes, "You get more food with the large."  Well, duh.  I wanted to know how many pieces of chicken you get.  Then, he proceeds to tell us that they don't honor Restaurant.com certificates anymore, but he would honor it this time.  Well, guess, what THEY NEVER DID.  What should have cost us around $15, cost us $29.  
The food was delicious however.  Would I pay $29 again---HELL no.  I don't like being swindled and that's what I felt like when I left there.  I would have argued the bill, but the guy was nowhere to be found when we got ready to pay.  I just won't go back.  This is a dive in a somewhat shady part of town that overcharges for their food.    Buyer beware.
The jerk chicken was delicious! If your a yelp snob and only appreciate traditional American dining service than maybe this place isn't for you. If you can appreciate great food, hit this place up!
I'm part Jamaican, didn't ya know?  Well, not really, but my best friend since the 7th grade is Jamaican-American and her house was practically my second home growing up.  Her huge family is like my family and I've traveled to Jamaica with them three times, so I do know a little about the food.  Guess where my second family likes to eat when they're in Vegas?  Yeah, mon, Tasty Island, so you know it has to be good.  My girl was in town with some of her clan this past weekend and they wanted to have lunch here so we did.  I always get the oxtail with rice and peas and a slice of plaintain, washing it down with Kola Champagne (best soda ever)--oh yeah!  I had a beef patty as an appetizer and that thing had a slight kick-it was fresh out of the oven and it was a little spicy hot for me.  I can't do the jerk chicken because I'm too wimpy for the spicy, but my son had it and he ate it up (he's also almost Jamaican by default).  He usually gets the curry chicken, but they were out.  Service here can be on the slow side while you wait for your food, but that's why you should have a patty in the mean time: they have beef, chicken, and veggie patties, which are pastries with your choice of filling.  Some dishes are served with festival, Jamaican dumplings, and I tried my friend's, but it was kind of dry.  Other than that, we had another great meal here.  Everyting irie at Tasty island, mon!
Solid Jamaican food! Tasty Island Carribean restaurant been meaning too try since only pass by it everyday too work. Just got the right additional push reading fellow yelpers reviews besides not sure the last time had Jamaican food. Or if ever had it before. So I was looking forward too some jerk chicken, rice and beans, and plantain bananas. All things that are common or by no means expert on Carribean foods. Just the dishes that spark my interesting thinking about that style of food. 

I ordered jerk chicken, it comes with steamed rice or rice and beans (I like if going too the islands got do it right! so got the rice and beans), vegetables, fried plantain, and some kind of bread roll. What better way wash it all done with some Jamaican Kola! I am FAN of the seasoning on the jerk chicken. It not spicy spicy but little kick but besides the spicy just well rounded flavors. I got the large not small portion. Not sure if get less pieces of chicken. The large get thigh, breast, and drumstick. The skin now that has got too be the star more so then the meat. Nothing better then crispy chicken skin especially one marinaded in jerk seasonings and adds so much depth too it. The meat inside was nice moist. The rice and beans could have just had big bowl of that by itself! The rice cooked perfect with the beans. It nice hearty rice one that like said could make meal all by itself!!! The fried plantain nothing special but not often see places use plantain on the menu. The knot type roll and the vegetables both ok. The Kola was interesting. Different. If anything thinking close too cream soda taste? 

The decor inside is all over the place set up like deli with the counter and display cases. The dining area feels pretty packed together with the booths and tables. You go up too the counter order and once done let you know go up get it. Talk about Bob Marley and just reggae vibe. If they were playing music that would be full on island style. The different colors on the signs outside and inside. Many Bob Marley posters and Jamaican theme decor you would almost think gone too the islands. The service felt was good. 

Definitely place plan on coming back and trying more of the menu. They do have lunch specials too.
I read some reviews and I really feel for some people. Every dining experience is unique and should never be measured next to the other.

This place is roots. It's real Jamaican fare, in its simplest form. That means cafeteria style tables and chairs in the corner of a strip mall and you order from a counter cashier. Your food comes served in a takeout container with plastic forks. OMG Yelp snobs beware... I sometimes appreciate the fact that I just walk in, read a board, order my meal and eat it with no bells, whistles and white gloves. If you want authentic Jamaican food come here. Delicious Oxtail stew, jerk chicken, plantains, achee, rice and beans, & beef patty mon!!! Someone's grandmother taught them these recipes and the only thing missing was some Bob Marley playing in the background...

If you can't handle the reality of different dining styles then you're just missing out. More for me..Tee Hee!
Here at Tasty Island Carribean, you get some authentic Jamaican food.  I was introduced to Tasty Island by the GF.  We've driven by a handful of times and she's mentioned that her favorites include the beef patty and their Kola Champagne.  Her best friend was raised on Jamaican food and even she pays a visit whenever she's in town.  So, you know what this means?...means Tasty Island is some good authentic Jamaican food.  But I had to see for myself and here's my thoughts.

-Beef Patty:  I didn't have one for myself, but I did sneak a bite or two from the GF.  When I first heard beef patty, I was thinking a hamburger type patty.  I was wrong. A beef patty here is actually quite different.  A Jamaican beef patty resembles a beef empanada.   I thought it was pretty good, the crust was flaky, and the beef was tasty.  If I wasn't trying to eat clean, I would have gotten one for myself.  

-Jerk Chicken:  This is was my meal and it came with a plate full of rice.  I cheated and had a couple of spoons of the rice and it was the bomb.  My only wish...I wish could have eaten more.  The Jerk Chicken was as expected...tasty, spicy, and moist.  What?  Did I just say moist?  The Jerk Chicken reminded me of a Flip dish called Chicken Adobo, but with a kick to it. My suggestion is the Jerk Chicken. I want me some Jerk Chicken right now!!!

The restaurant itself is a little small.  Since it wasn't too crowded, our party of 6 ate comfortably.  Your food also takes a bit to get prepared and served, but that's how it's suppose to be here.  Not sure how many cooks in the kitchen, but they do take their time.  But it's all good, all worth it.  

PS:  Tasty Island is introducing a buffet style lunch here.
So went to Jammin jerk hut and wasn't impressed so decided to try Tasty Island on visit to Vegas. Family is Jamaican so I know what the food is suppose to taste like, also lived in Jamaica for 16 years so I should know what I am talking about. So walked in and the lady at the counter looks like she is in another zone. My mom tried to be talkative to her but she could hardly stand to respond. Now on to the food. We had some soup red peas and chicken soup. The chicken soup had everything but chicken in it and no taste and the peas soup had everything except meat as well. Ordered patty and coco bread HORRIBLE is all I can say. Then my daughter had calaloo and salt fish and it had no taste. There was also rum cake, it was just okay. The only thing that was good at this place was the tamarind balls that come already packaged that were like $1.50 each. It was a waste of time and money going to this place. They need a real Jamaican restaurant in Vegas. I read reviews on Yelp before I even went to this place and decided to come up with my own opinion. Not sure how others rated this place 4 stars but to each there own. My taste buds was not wow'd.
It was fabulous! 

I got the small Jerk Chicken and it was the best I have ever had. My friend got the shrimp curry, and the flavor is exactly what I look for in a curry!

Also, I was so excited to get the ginger beer and it balanced the meal well.

Next time I will get additional plantains though.
Stumbled across this restaurant ordering food from GrubHub for a friend and then when in LV on my last trip, I stumbled across the actual restaurant in person.  

Definitely am a fan.  The service (which is always first to me) was gracious.  Food was delicious, had the Curry Chicken, Jerk wings, yams and Ginger Beer.  Everything was soooo good! 

Can't wait to get back to LV to visit this place again!
We found the service quite friendly which surprised us with all the negative reviews about it. I would classify this as a dive but it was clean and it was fine for us, nothing fancy for sure. My wife loved the curry chicken and I thought it was good. I did not like the jerk pork because it was really pork belly which is 70 fat but has a good flavor what I could eat. The jerk wings were really great, very spicy, too spicy for my wife but I loved them. The weird rice was good. My wife like the steamed vegetables. We both enjoyed the Rum Cake! If you're looking for Jamaican Food I would recommend.
2nd time here and I dined in. had the oxtail small plate and it was so darn good. not too savory or over seasoned it was just right. next time i wanna try the jerk chicken and for real order a extra side of the plantain. Jamaican hot sauce is not joke, I love it and it clears up the sinuses...double whamy!!
went there based on yelp reviews since I really wanted to find an authentic Jamaican/Caribbean place and I love curry. I got the curry goat with rice and peas and plantain with side of callaloo. while I was waiting my for my food met this lady from Haiti who raved about the place and said that this place cooks their food like they do in her home country. since I don't have any point of reference I took her word for it. the food was good and would come back to try again. perhaps the jerk chicken based on other reviews. they have a tripe dish on the menu which I'd love to try because I love tripe. no complaints here and would go back again. reason for 4 stars is I wasn't blown away with the food.
Tried this place today for the first time. I had the curry chicken and my boyfriend had jerk chicken. Both were excellent. Also had the meat patty. So good. We will definitely be back !
Wow wow wow ordered short ribs and I can't explain to you how amazing the taste of the plantain and meat together with hot sauce was. Please go and taste for yourself. Great friendly staff, can't wait to go back!
Heads up to anyone checking out this business before going: I'll do the short version for you. If you've ever had Jamaican Caribbean food before, this place is not going to hit the spot. The majority of four and five star reviews are from people who don't know any better.

I shop frequently at the nearby Sprouts grocery, and always mean to stop in here.
BF picked up takeout last night for dinner, and said the restaurant smelled heavenly and took it as a good sign that all of the employees were actually Jamaican.

Got home, and as others have said, takeout dishes are splashed everywhere- sauce out of the box and in the bag, one napkin and fork for two orders (and placed UNDER the takeout boxes in the bag in the puddle of spilled sauce), etc- little details that may slightly irritate, but not be relevant for dine-in customers.

But the food, despite smelling so good, was simply mediocre. All spice and no depth of flavor. Ordered the jerk chicken plate and the goat curry- and you could tell that both meats were indeed chicken and goat, but the similarities between the high quality versions of these dishes we've had elsewhere and what we actually received, was sad.

The jerk chicken was, for starters, dry. Rub seemed to be applied sparingly, and there was only flavor where you got seasoning. Good portion, but not necessarily good value. 
Goat curry sauce had a good consistency to it, and the meat was good, but the flavor was simply lacking- lacking depth, lacking that finger-licking jamaican flavor I'd come for. 
Sides included a mixed veggie type dish that was overcooked mush, and "rice and red beans" consisting mostly of rice and of a few scant red beans (I counted maybe 10) that appeared to be dried. When even your sides are underwhelming, there's a problem in the kitchen.

This was one of those rare times when the BF and I didn't finish our orders. And for about $30 for a week night take out dinner, that's pretty bad.
Expensive and not that good ..the food is kind of bland. Being Jamaican myself they could do so much better. Will not be going back unless it's for something they don't cook. I was not impressed at all.
So as I am learning the area a little better I stumbled on this place. I use to work in St Croix so defiantly use to the flavors. ordered the jerk chicken with rice and beans and came with stewed cabbage and fried banana, patties ( sort of like corn bread.) , and rum cake along with some cream soda. 

First off the chicken is good I did have a couple of top layers of the chicken that where a little dry however under was good also not raw or pink -- Great spice rub on the chicken. The rice and beans where good and stewed cabbage great. 

Patties are patties enough said lol 

Rum Cake. OMG RUM, This deff takes me back to St Croix's seeing the amount of rum on that island is insane. This is super moist not hard or store bought def. could tell homemade, I even think they soak the raisin's. This is a must. 

Also I got D&G sof drink not a spelling error there from Jamaica I tell you a blended drink with rum or tequila turned into a slushy with this would be soooo amazing. 

Strong menu items, Main's tend to be a bit pricey but you can also sides a little cheaper.Rum Cake is a deff must
Waiting 50 minutes extra for quoted delivery time and the driver shows up with ice cold food and a girl in his car.  $9.50 "refund" is pathetic.   Too bad, flavors weren't bad once "reheated."  Horrible experience overall.
To anyone who said this place isn't authentic


This is by far the best stateside Jamaican food I have had. I've been to Jamaica on more than one occasion and made a point of eating at places that weren't on the resort. Their jerk chicken is ideal. Paired with a red stripe and a ting, I can hear the steel drums and feel the sand between my toes. I will definitely be back!!!!
You know you're in for a bad meal when you hear
" DING" come from the kitchen. This is the most flavorless Jamaican food I have ever eaten. I will NOT return. Booooo!
There's only so much grease and cheese and sodium and meat derived from rat ass that I can handle. Once in awhile, I need  a workday lunch that doesn't feel like I pulled the pin of a grenade and swallowed it. 

Rumbi Island Grill gives me some veggies that weren't boiled into oblivion, a bit of chicken and some spicy sauces. My usual choice there is a small jerk chicken bowl with Rumbi rice. I sprinkle this with generous squirt of The Hot Cock (aka Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce). 

The chicken tastes real. And there's nothing wrong with some rice and beans. Plus I don't wind up feeling like that guy from "Supersize Me." Or worse yet, Jerrod!

I still wouldn't mind a moratorium on steel drum music, though...
I like Rumbi Island Grill. It's different from Chipotle, Baja Fresh, Pei Wei but in the same genre of food. Order and they serve it. Well, they are different in that what they offer you is to be different than what's out there. And to a lot of degree it is. You like it Hot....try the Jerk Chicken. You like in Island inspired, the pulled pork is just pretty darn good. You like the "Island Experience" get it with authentic Macaroni Salad....yes that is really Hawaiian having lived there for 5 years surfing big waves and being a fine artist there. 

Sandra said today " The salads are better than Sauce"!!!!! That my friends is a giant endorsement coming from a "hard to please" person who has been stalking me for 35 years. Where else can you get Mahi Mahi?? It's blackened and very good. What is really neat is you can go Teriyaki or Jerk at the same time. Get noodles or brown rice on all their bowls. Pretty darn good for a change. Try it...you will like it.
My friend who I was visiting and I went here for a fundraiser type of a deal.  I don't know what I was expecting but I really liked the island concept of the place.  My friend recommended a salad and I got a Caribbean chicken salad with some sort of coconut rice, chicken,  oranges, pineapple, tortilla strips, etc.  Well, the salad was huge!!!  The honey lime dressing was very flavorful and complimented the salad well.  We shared the rumbi fries, which were a combination of sweet and regular fries, and as aforementioned in some other reviews, I love the sweet potato fries and wish they all could have been that (do I sound like the Beach Boys?).  

The decor was pretty cute and the music was great (Marley, Buffett type stuff).  The rice bowls looked fantastic, as did the sandwiches.  The prices were pretty good, considering the amount of food you received.
Remember that scene in Elf when he pours syrup on spaghetti?

Rumbi serves the same thing-- except with teriyaki sauce. Everything is bland served with teriyaki sauce and a pineapple... because THAT makes everything taste better.

The chicken looked like it was pre-cooked and the grill marks were drawn on. The salad was nothing special. The decor, makes me want a Mai Tai, which I wished they served. Instead, they had a large assortment of Mexican bottled sodas. 

One star because , it was still edible. But-- shit is edible but you shouldn't do it. With better food choices nearby, why Rumbi?
The employees here are really nice and I like the island feel. The food is pretty good and I like it because there aren't many other places in town with Hawaiian food. I also like that you can get beer here.
The Rumbi Island Grill restaurant is no longer open at the 4280 E Indian School Rd location.
I'd never eaten Jamaican food before - REAL Jamaican food, not my brother cooking up some plantains or Jerk chicken where the marinade came out of a bottle - so I was psyched to go.  Then - a friend of ours who is Jamaican decided to come with us as she missed Jamaican food.  

They did a great job at drinks. Lots of Jamaican sodas that sounded exotic and possibly a bit scary.  No iced tea (Can ya believe it??  Threw me off!) but they have Fruit Punch and Lemonade for us scardy cats.  

The place is tiny.  I think there were 3 booths and a table when you first walk in, and then the pseudo room on the side has about 4 other small tables.  It could be tough to bring a group of more than 4.

Our group of 4 tried the Curry and the Jerk Chicken.  About $10 each which was ok for lunch.  Their other seafood options were a bit more $12-15.  The main entree dish came with rice, vegetables and fried plantain.  It was good.  But... not great.  Our Jamaican friend was not pleased.  It just didn't seem right to her.  And our friend who normally can't eat spicy food thought nothing of the Jerk Chicken. Wasn't spicy at all w/ almost no "kick".  We discussed that it may have just been over-Americanized but we had heard such great reviews about the place including how authentic it was - so we were a bit disappointed.  

Great tiny place.  Very independently owned.  We're going to go back one of these days and try a seafood dish hoping it will be a bit more authentic. For those interested in trying something different - it's definitely worth a shot.  For those looking for an authentic experience well,...it will get you closer than Applebees.

UPDATE 11/12/07: Psst! They moved!  Still on Broadway, but a bit more West.  Not sure of the address yet (thought it took the place of a pizza/wings/sandwich place I was starting to like and about to yelp about...) but this spot will provide quite a bit more seating.  Not upscale by any means, but absolutely a step up!
Good, but dirty.

It was very small and it was quite dirty looking inside.

I love Jamaican food - but this wasn't clean.  Want good Jamaican food?  Go to another city.
My girlfriend and I went on a mission for chicken and waffles at Lo-Lo's -- but a 40 minute wait outside in 110 degree weather just didn't suit me. So, we headed down the road and found ourselves at Ires --

First - make sure you bring cash - no plastic allowed here. I had to brave crossing Broadway in South Phoenix to use an ATM across the street. 

We ordered Jerk Chicken, Curry Chicken, a beef meat pie, chicken meat pie, a ginger beer and a mango juice. The total was $30 - which I thought was a bit much until I saw the size of the portions. This is easily 2 meals worth for me, maybe 3 for my girlfriend.

This is no-frills, authentic Jamaican food. The plate was piled high with super spicy (the way it should be) Jerk Chicken. This is not for the faint of heart - the chicken had just been hacked up, no attention given to looking nice or avoiding bone fragments. But, this is the way it should be - after all, this is authentic Jamaican food in the heart of South Phoenix. If you want fancy food, make a reservation at some theme restaurant in Scottsdale. 

But, lets be clear -- this was damn good food. Hearty, fresh and spicy. The meat pies are the best I've ever had. If you go, have a ginger beer - its sooo tasty! The mango juice was delicious as well, seemed fresh and may have had a little seasoning/spices added to it. Was the best I've ever had, and simply doesn't compare to what you'll get from Dole or Tropicana. 

There were a number of Jamaicans hanging out in the place, in and out of the kitchen. Everyone was incredibly friendly and waited on us with pleasure. There are 3 pinball machines along the back wall and at least a dozen Bob Marley posters scattered along the walls.  Some of the other reviewers said it was dirty -- I wouldn't say that at all -- the place just had character. It fits in well with its S. Phoenix neighborhood. If you want white table cloths, again - Scottsdale, not South Phoenix.  

Overall - I dig this place. Friendly people, really good food, charm, and HUGE portions. It may seem a bit pricey at first, but trust me you get every pennies worth.
I went to irie's a few weeks ago and got the jerk chicken and dumplings.  It was AMAZING.  I love how spicy the chicken was (they did ask, so you can get it not as spicy).  The prices were not bad and the place is very clean.  The service was good, if you don't know what to get, they will help you pick something out.  I can't wait to go back!
4 stars for the flavorful Jerked chicken, veggies, and beans over rice (see photo above, taken sometime in May '08).  

2-star deduction caused by my witnessing a young adult male, dressed in athletic clothes, who reeked of body odor, enter the front entrance and then proceeded to enter the kitchen area to grab food for him and his companions.  As if it wasn't enough I had to bat flies away from my table.   (But then again, for a certain number of weeks out of a year, it's hard to keep flies away ANYWHERE.  Just visit the EDR where I work!)

I shall NOT return!
So, as I am on a quest to try all the Caribbean restaurants in phoenix, I went to find Irie Jamaica Restaurant today since I was off. I guess they've moved a ways down the street to 2010 E Broadway since there is another creole/caribbean restaurant in the place it used to be. Anyway, the parking at this place is behind the building and it's not paved, so I drove behind the building to park and there was a group of guys just standing back there hanging out. I was almost afraid to get out of the car, but I did anyway and went around to the front to go inside. The place was pretty empty for a Saturday afternoon, there was just the owner's kids sitting watching TV. The lady at the counter was not very friendly, which is what warranted the three stars instead of the four stars I would have given them since the food was really good. I had the curry goat (my favorite) which came with cooked cabbage and rice and peas, and a beef meat pattie. The portion was HUGE! Enough for two meals. The goat meat was tender and flavorful, like I said, had the woman at the counter been a bit more pleasant I would have given it a four to four and a half stars. I would probably go back to this place, I want to try the brown chicken stew!!!
out of business
If you've been to Jamaica and enjoyed the food, then this place is a MUST GO!!!  The food was great and even though the place is kinda hard to find (On Broadway b/w 16th and 24th), all you have to do is give them a call and they'll direct you.  They are cash only as some other yelpers have mentioned but I did not find the place dirty like some of the other yelpers.  

Bottom line, if you're craving some real island flavor  and you love Jamaica like I do....Irie Jamaican Cafe is definitely IRIE!!!
I really liked this place. It was clean, comfortable, and gooood. 

The only thing I do not like is the cash only and the $ can get expensive. 

I asked if I could try a couple of different things, so she made me a 2 meat combo. Basically two meals.... lol 

I had the Jerk Chicken and the Brown Stew with chicken. Rice and a lemonade. 16 bucks... lol There was enough food for 2 regular eaters and it was all excellent. They do not pick the meat off the bone so it looks like so much more then what you get. The discard pile was rather large. Not good for little kids. 

The girl who was there appeared to be a sister or daughter, and sang religious song while I ate. It was kinda cool. She was kind and checked in on me a few times willing to answer some questions but not as chatty as I had hoped. (I was the only person in there)
Chef went to Jail. Restauranr out of business.
Is this place still open? I would really love to go there.
Moving to Las Vegas, I found excellent Vietnamese, Japanese and Thai; to make me feel absolutely at home, those staples need to be rounded out with smoked jerk chicken. I ate at a couple of places before finding this one is just the way I like it. The chicken is tender, not too spicy, served with two wonderful homemade sauces. The spicy sauce was way too hot for me when I put just a dab on my finger, but eaten together with the chicken, was nice and flavorful and not very spicy at all. I was really surprised. Plantains are tasty you get a nice salad and traditional delicious rice. A huge plus was homemade watermelon juice. I love homemade lemonade - but this is going to replace some of that.  

The restaurant is no frills , so this one is all about the food. It was a bit hard to locate the place at first. When you get off 15 going North Take Charelston East to 3rd street and it is just about on the corner. You should see a sign on the sidewalk. 

Enjoy man, enjoy...
While I normally judge a Caribbean restaurant based on the quality of their jerk chicken, I just didn't feel like risking getting a plate of dry white meat with no gravy last night and ordered the oxtails instead.

The atmosphere was amusing, but had I been in a worse mood I would have just been annoyed. They had a boombox going at one end of the bar, and a flat screen TV blaring a Jamaican sketch comedy show at the other. There were two other patrons; one young, presumably Jamaican, and an ancient, white haired, white guy reading the paper who looked totally out of place.

My oxtails came on an oval plate atop a large metal platter with a mesh dome over it, which I assume would be used in Jamaica to keep the flies off your food. Nice touch, I guess. I wouldn't say it was a healthy portion of meat for $13, but the flavor was good, and there was a large heap of peas and rice to fill me up. The meat was, of course, very tender and flavorful, but I kept getting little bone fragments in my mouth and had to be very careful when eating it. I've experienced this a handful of times at various restaurants, but there were more tiny pieces in this than anywhere else.

I would definitely return to Island Flavors, but I still miss Caribbean Citchen in Detroit. Maybe I can bribe them for their recipes.
Firstly, this was the worst customer experience I have had at a restaurant.  When my two friends and I sat down with the menu, the owner of the restaurant asked us to "Hurry up because there were other customers waiting for them."   She then proceeded to tell us that the menu wasn't that complicated for us to make a decision.  

Secondly, the chicken curry had no meat it was only bones.  Also with the jerk chicken and curry the coconut rice was cold.  Speaking of the rice, I noticed that I couldn't taste the coconut in it.  So, I asked if there was coconut or if perhaps I got another type of rice.  The owner proceeded to say,  "If you didn't want coconut rice then I should have said something."  That wasn't my point.  I was just inquiring about what's in the food.

Lastly, my friend collected our cash money and placed her credit card in the cover to pay the bill.  They charged my friend's card with the entire cost of the meal and kept the cash as a tip. I don't know about you, but who gives a tip that is two-thirds the cost of the meal?  When my friend went to the owner "again" (the waitress had skipped out and we were left with the owner to confront), she said, "How was the waitress supposed to know?  You didn't say anything."  We left immediately vowing to never return, until the owner has a change of heart.
........I think this place is closed now. Sad, this was my main hangout after First Friday. :(

I fell in love with the ridiculously homey atmosphere of the place. I really liked their smoothies, but unfortunately I never got anything besides the quintessential meat pie. 

MMMMMM....Jamaican meat pies.
Volcano-Blackened Mahi - No words to describe the exquisite flavor of this dish.

Can I just tell you that a Vegetarian actually suggested I try this? Now how good is your meal when you can make an herbivore turn omnivore? 

The accompanying Caesar salad is a nice compliment as is the citrus aioli & pineapple salsa...mmm mmmm...my mouth waters just thinking of it. I'm not a big steamed white rice fan (booooooring) but I even manage to eat at least half.

Oh and as if that wasn't reason enough to get the car keys and head out now, they serve the extra yummy Longboard Lager from Hawaii that I so cherish.

The staff are friendly. The decor definitely helps to transport me to a tropical place.

If you love flavorful food, go here. Located just off the 60 on Val Vista just NW of Baseline Rd.

I've been to the Scottsdale one and this one and the flavor is always consistently delicious. I'll force myself to try another meal next time and will modify this review if need be, but for now, they "gets" a 5 from me!
one of my favorites.  food is good, atmosphere is good.  one of the few places that tries and succeeds in bringing the islands home to arizona.
Maybe I had a bad experience here because I don't understand why previous yelpers found this place to be noteworthy. It was loud - I guess it doesn't help to be literally surrounded by screaming infants with their mothers who lunch...and let their 2-4 year olds run around.

I just didn't know what to say...but I think the canned chicken in my jamaican jerk caesar says it all. Canned chicken?! If it was grilled, it could have fooled me. I've had canned chicken once in my life and that was when we went camping. I will never forget the taste or the texture...and I found it sitting on my salad. Yuck.

Hubby had the Luau Pork rice bowl. I could tell by the look on his face he wasn't too thrilled with it. Further evidence was him pushing his food away after ten minutes of attempting to eat it.

I guess I expect too much when restaurants claim it's Island food. My father is a complete island boy, right out of Kauai and I've been fortunate enough to have lived on the islands while growing up and baby, this place is truly a repulsive rip off.
Oops! Thought this was a sit-in restaurant, wrong. It's more of a fast food place, but that didn't really bother me. 

We both had the kaluha burger (2 patties, pineapple slices, teriyaki sauce) with a side of 'Rumbi fries' (sweet potato and regular fries mix) on the side. Talk about messy!! It's tangy, sweet, sloppy mess was pretty juicy in my mouth, but the more it continued, the more I felt sticky and in real need of a shower. Really. I felt kinda gross afterward...but I can see their attempt to punch it with more flavor. 

I wouldn't be surprised if somewhere in Rumbi corporate are a bunch of guys that got hired from Rubio's (white-washed mexican food) coming up with these ideas. Yes, it says 'Island' in their sign, but it's not authentic island food in any form. There are teriyaki bowl meals on the menu board as well? Definitely white-washed island food at it's best. So far I haven't seen anything really 'grilled' either. 2 burger meals cost us $20.
This place wasn't exactly what I had in mind when I set out to find Caribbean food....but we made the best of what we got. The food was good and the service was fast...but this is more fast foody than sit down since you do order at the counter and then they bring out the food. 

This is sort of a Hawaiian themed place with rice/noodle bowls and a few sandwiches. The teriyaki saw was to die for and the sweet potato fries were great too. I highly recommend the burger with swiss, teriyake and grilled pineapple.
I enjoy coming here very once in awhile. Its clean, staff is friendly and the food is really good. I recommend the shrimp!
Service is very friendly and helpful.  Told them it was my first time there, and the lady behind the counter came around to the front and walked me through their menu and told me the top picks. 

I went with a rice bowl with jerk chicken (YUMMO!) except I wasn't a fan of the "Rumbi rice" she recommended because it was a tad on the sweet side (fyi, has coconut milk in it - not a fan).  Got the full order and it was HUGE.  It's like 3 portions, maybe 4 if you're skinny and don't eat that much.  :)

Great lunch stop, especially if you're meeting somone and can share a bowl.  Looking forward to trying their other items.
I always get the chicken bowl with the spicy hawaiian teriyaki sauce.  The food is on the healthier side and if you like flavored, unsweetened tea, try their mango tea.  the atmosphere reminds me of being on the island with island music and island decor.  Be prepared to wait a short while for your food cuz they make it fresh to order.
I've been coming here frequently for years, and was in a total rut.. I was always ordering one of the big gigantic rice bowls, with tasty, high quality meats, and veggies. They are good! A great, healthy meal, and a great value. But TODAY.. was a day for fish eatin'. The Volcano Blackened Mahi Mahi is my new everything.  I chose Rumbi Rice, which is a coconut infused rice with a few beans. Yummy yummy stuff. Super yummy. The mahi itself was perfectly cooked, and spiced.. the fillet was also cooked nicely, tasted awesome, and was husky, in size. Very husky. I'm a hungry guy! Topped with some sort of pretty sauce..(mango passion aioli I have learned!) and a tropical fruit salsa, this is a very festive meal! On the side? A small but nicely dressed ceasar salad.. I am also a GIGANTIC fan of their Chicken Tortilla soup... it too is delicious, and coconut infused!  Rumbi has great prices, to boot! Amazing iced tea! Awesome staff! and some sort of buy 5 get one free kinda stamp card! Also, the patio is quite lovely! Yay, Rumbi!
Volcano Blackened Mahi!
As said in my earlier review, i'm CRAZY for the Mahi. Four stars, went to 5 today, when I realized I could order the entrée with steamed vegetables, instead of Rumbi rice.  The Rumbi rice is AMAZING, don't get me wrong, but HOLY CARBS. I believe I could live off of this for the rest of my life, and be a very happy man! :)
Love, love, love thier fish tacos!  I can't get enough of these little beauties, I crave them.  Everything we had was delicious - my daughter had the chicken fingers and fries which were also very yummy. 

I am trying the sweet potato fries next time they looked amazing!
This restaurant had a beautiful interior design that makes you really comfortable just sit and enjoy all the lovely Hawaiian theme and feels like you're in a beach. I love the design so much. Their mango lemonade was phenomenal! Makes me want to refill my drinks all the time. Must try item: Half and half fries, half French fries and half sweet potato fries. I tried the steak and chicken teriyaki bowl and asked for the large size but they gave me a large bowl full with rice with small portion of the meat. Looks like I've been paying $1 more for the rice! (sigh). That's the only thing that I wish they can improve of and got no complaint eating while looking at the gorgeous Hawaiian theme pic they had!
Mmm on the luau luau plate and the key lime pie! I'll be back to try other items for sure.
I have enjoyed Rumbi Island Grill for many years now, and I used to go to the location in North Scottsdale.  However, I have moved back down to Gilbert, and was completely unaware that there was a location nearby in Mesa.  I was overjoyed when I found it, and went to eat there soon after.

My wife and I were very pleased that this Rumbi Island Grill was just as delicious as the other restaurant we used to go to frequently!  The staff is curteous and they checked on us throughout the meal to make sure everything was up to our expectations.  I was very pleased with the Volcano Blackened Mahi-Mahi with the side salad and Rumbi rice.  My wife had a Rumbi bowl with jamaican jerk chicken.

The portion sizes are very large, and we left very full.  We even had some leftovers to enjoy later!  This restaurant is an excellent value and will leave you craving it often.  I can't wait to go back there!  Maybe I will be eating there for dinner tonight....
Yes this is a chain but after traveling in Maui for a week and then coming back home to Kahlua Pork from Rumbi, I can honestly say that the Kahlua pork here is better than any of the places I ate it at in Hawaii. Crazy huh? The Kahlua pork at Rumbi is so moist and tender and when its paired with some of their magnificent teriyaki sauce and Rumbi rice (rice cooked with coconut milk and beans), it is out of this world. The Kahlua pork plate at Rumbi has lately been the first meal that comes to mind when I want comfort food. This is a bit of a problem cause that is normally on a work day during lunch and after eating a meal of pork, rice, mac salad, and coleslaw, I am just down right exhausted and in dire need of a nap. 
I used to come here quite frequently but forgot about this place and I am not sure why. Besides the Kahlua pork and Rumbi rice, I can say that their mac salad, sweet potato fries, and their beach burger are really good as well. If you are looking for something different, yet tasty and satisfying, try Rumbi. I think you will enjoy it.
The food here is above all else CLEAN, FRESH, and HEALTHY.

The salads are big and full of fresh greens and lots of goodness, with unique tasty dressings to sample from. 

The Rumbi Burger is easily the cleanest tasting burger I have had from any restaurant. I would feed it to my mother!

I'm not a big fan of their teriyaki chicken, but the pulled pork with teriyaki sauce is a 100% home run. I like to order the Lauo Pork Plate.

The rice bowl comes with a ton of tasty vegetables and pork and rice.

The brown rice with teriyaki is great. 

The key lime pie tastes homemade and is 5 out of 5 stars, easily!

I don't get why this place isn't busier. It is a clean, tastefully decorated location with friendly staff. Methinks they need to do more marketing.
Second time here and both times were excellent. Had the noodles with orange/honey chicken and it was sooooo good! They automatically brought extra sauce which I thought was a plus so that when you get halfway through the bowl you have more to put on. Didn't realize portions were so huge so I got to bring some home and reheated it for dinner and it was just as good. felt like I got a great value that way! I usually only drink regular ice tea but decided to try their mango iced tea and it was really good as well. When you look at their nutritional information, this is probably one of the lowest calorie etc. places you are going to find when eating out. I was impressed. Can't wait to go back! 

If you sign up online for their email "club" you will get a $5 off coupon as well!
Tried nearly everything on the menu and it's all delicious.
Love Hawaii. Lived on the North Shore. But, I've always been disappointed with island food. Islanders will eat anything.  All of that fresh, indigenous, tropical food and they eat junk meat.  This place is a little fresher than the real deal, no spam. Its just not different enough. I know that's not what they're trying to appeal to, but I always do my food reviews based on quality not taste or texture.
Enjoy rice bowls with a bit of flare; visit Rumbi Island Grill.    I have eaten here several time and always enjoy the beef rice bowl; ask for spicy and enjoy.   They have selections to satisfy most tastes.    Check them out.   Have a good meal at minimual cost.
Really solid-great rice bowls, fresh ingredients and nice sized portions. I am a big fan of the chicken teriaki bowl and the macaroni salad (can't miss when you make it with cavatappi) and it's a very clean open kitchen. Staff are pleasant and it's a visually appealing venue to sit and eat in. And grapefruit Jarritos on ice-nice as well!
Beautiful decor and delicious food. Great for a laid back night out or take out. Patio seating is perfect on nice nights. 
The color scheme and great posters make me miss Maui. The iced tea is amazing and the portions are huge, we always have leftovers. No matter what I get I love it. I'm partial to the chicken rice bowl with Hawaiian teriyaki sauce over Rumbi rice. The rice, beans, and coconut in the Rumbi rice is addicting, you've been warned. Just tried the luau pork for the first time too and loved it. The macaroni salad isn't completely what I like, too tart like normal mac salad and not plate lunch quality, but that's personal preference. Mama's tortilla soup is also incredible, a mix of spicy and savory with a hint of coconut milk. 
They're slow on weeknights when we're usually there, hopefully busier on the weekends, I'd hate for them to go anywhere.
We really enjoyed eating here when we lived in Phoenix.  On a recent trip back the family chose to eat it again.  Love the pork sandwich, the kids love the burgers and the chicken rice bowls.  The decor is fun and gives you an island feel.  The fries are excellent, including the sweet potatoe fries.  Wish we had one in Cali!
Um. What did I miss?

They have such great reviews but my experience was just "meh".

I provably should have known better then to order entrée seafood at a fast food type place, but the picture was really appetizing!

Volcano blackened mahi.
Waaaaay too salty. Had to scrape off most of it. The fish underneath was OK fresh. Not ocean fresh, but Arizona fresh. :-)

I had veggies that I thought would be steamed but were definitely stir fried. Also OK fresh.

The biggest let down of this was the "mango cheesecake".

I was expecting some kind of mango inside the cheesecake, but, alas, it was just plain old cheesecake with.... get this... "mango puree" on the side.
It was a thimble full of mango juice. And fake mango juice at that.

*sigh*

I would eat here again, but I will definitely lower the bar before I do.
Salty Salty Salty and bland.  Not to mention, watching the employee eat out in the dining room, while obviously oogling at women as they walked by was a big thumbs down.  How tasteless.
Not a fan of this place. Only come for the yummy pulled pork plate & side rooster/sriracha sauce. Getting take out takes an eternity (even if you call your order in beforehand).
Usually love this place. Today I placed my order and it arrived at my table wrong. I politely asked that they fix it so they took it back to the kitchen, removed the mistake by hand, stirred the plate around a little bit and brought it back to me. I'm sorry that YOUR mistake could cut into your margins but that's not my fault. Next time if YOU screw up, please properly fix YOUR mistake!  P.s. $10 for a teriyaki bowl is too pricey!
I like this place more and more everytime I go. They send lots of email coupons for buy one get one free meals which makes it even tastier! I am updating because I had the sweet potatoe fries! They were amazing and I love the dipping sauce they bring for them. I always feel like I get my money worth here because the portions are so huge that I get two meals out of the bowls. I get to enjoy the meal again the next day for lunch! I tried the fish recently as well. It was good. I was trying to eat healthier so I gave it a go. The seasoning was really good and they let me get the coconut flavored rice and beans with it which is always very tasty.
They finally added my favorite item to the menu. The pineapple coconut curry bowl was a "special" item and they got rid of it for a few weeks and brought it right back on the main menu. It is delicious. Very good. The orange bowl with noodles is also very good. I highly recommend the sweet potato fries as well. The people working here are always friends. Can't wait till the weather cools down to sit out on the patio. Portions on everything are large and well worth the price.
Some of the best burgers you can find around. Hands down.

I found this place out a year ago and go back when I can. Business seems to be picking up cause I now find it pretty busy during afternoons and evenings. This establishment totally deserves it too.

I recommend the Kahuna burger or Rumbi burger. Both are amazing, and come with the secret "Rumbi" sauce.
Amazing burgers. Great teriyaki. To die for fries and a great atmosphere. Add to that a friendly staff and chill atmosphere you have a great place to have a meal!
Ok been coming here for years, very clean, comfortable, and a relaxing place to eat. 

You order before you sit down and they bring your meal out to your table. Rumbi's is an Island Themed Restaurant ... as is their menu.  The quality is a a giant step above fast food and the service is fast.  I mainly dine here at lunch but they are also open for dinner. No tips required which saves you money.

You have to check this place out for yourself to "get the feel". 

Highly recommended.
Good fresh food at a decent price

fries are so-so

Chips and salsa good....sometimes

The tortilla soup is awesome and different, made with coconut milk. Sounds weird, but delicious.
Good place. Not sure I would call it Island food, unless you think anyplace that has water around it is an Island. It is a mix of Hawaiian and Polynesian food. The food was good and the staff friendly. I will try it again now that I now what to expect.
My husband and I went there on a lunch date yesterday and we liked it.  We used a mobile Entertainment coupon to get $5 off of $15.  No issues using the coupon as usual, unlike the couple places we've encountered where we did have issues.

The food was good.  We both ordered rice bowls (full size), which runs about $8.50.  It contains rice, grilled veggies, a meat and a sauce.  My husband had white rice with chicken & steak, with a honey orange sauce.  I had the Luau Pork (like a pulled pork) with a Bali Island sauce and brown rice.

We shared our food some and a large Coke between us.

On Mondays & Tuesdays after 4:00 pm, kids eat free.  We'll have to try it.

The ambiance is nice and tropical.  It was nice and cool inside, with some customers but not packed because we were having a late lunch (spent almost 2 hrs at DMV nearby).  The service was good, quick, and very friendly.

The only issue I had, which might have been the sauce, is that about an hour later, I had really bad diarrhea.  I can't think of anything else that I ate that would've caused such sudden diarrhea or maybe my body wasn't tolerating the Coke.

But, because the food was good, with great service, and the ability to use the Entertainment, we will come back again, even if we have no coupons.  However, if I get diarrhea again, no matter how great the food or service is, that will prevent us from going again.

If you want quick Hawaiian food, this might be the place for you.  I want to try other dishes here.
I have this app on my phone that lists the places near you where kids eat free on specific days. It's usually full of sub-par diners, but when I saw Rumbi's listed, I had to jump on yelp to see what people had to say. Mixed reviews, so I took a quick peek at the menu, it sounded good, so we decided to check it out.

The restaurant was fairly clean and a few other families were eating when we got there. We perused the menu longer than we usually do but we didn't feel in the way or rushed in any way. They have everything from rice and noodle bowls to burgers to sandwiches to seafood. It was hard to decide.

I ordered the fish tacos and polished off the whole plate in no time. The order came with two tacos (type of fish not specified) and rice with beans. I seriously ate it so fast that I can't tell you what all was in it. Pretty sure the salsa was tomato, onion, pineapple, and cilantro. There may have been cabbage, and a jalapeno ranch type sauce. Don't quote me on it though. The rice and beans were really good and scented but I couldn't pinpoint the flavor. Very good though.

Husband had the Kahuna burger (two patties, pineapple, swiss, typical burger toppings) with the Rumbi fries (regular and sweet potato). The burger fell apart as most doubles do. He really enjoyed it though. Kids had the chicken dippers and the orange-honey chicken bowl. I was surprised that both kids polished their food off since dinnertime can be somewhat of a battle.

As we were finishing up it started to get busy so we got there at a good time (right before 6pm). I can't wait to go back.
I ordered the blackened salmon with Rumbi rice and sweet potato fries.  It was yummy!  My husband and kids liked their food too.  The staff was incredibly nice and I'll be going back!
Great place when we want something quicker and don't want a sit down place.  Be sure to get the Rumbi burger and make sure you get extra teriyaki sauce on the side. You're gonna want that teriyaki sauce. :)
Love this place!!! Its amazing, We like the Grilled Chk and Shrimp meal, The grilled Mahi Mahi Fish Dinner, The Rumbi rice is quite tasty too. We love the sweet potato fries and the yummy dipping sauce. Fresh cooked to order, tasty and a clean restaurant with friendly staff. A must try!!
I've never been to a restaurant where I spit the food back out. What I bought was a terriyaki chicken bowl with rice and noodles with veggies. It tasted like a boxed microwave diet dinner. Cubed chicken, frozen veggies, spaghetti noodles from a box id buy at the store, and sauce I could make ten times better in my own home. If a place can mess up such an easy dish, then it's poor quality. There's nothing Hawaiian about this place. The customer service was nice, but that's about it. 
Go to jack in the box for their terriyaki bowl to save money.
So I got a salad from here just now, and I ordered shrimp on the Caribbean Salad. Got my salad to-go and paid and extra $1.50 for the shrimp, get home to eat my salad and there are 7 tiny little pieces of dried out, over cooked shrimp. Why did I pay extra for that?!? Sucks too, because before this incident I really liked this place.
One of my favorite lunch destinations. Everything I've tried here is great, I'm surprised it's not busier than it is. We can usually get right in most any time. Their sweet potato fries are amazing and anything with their aioli sauce on it is to die for!

Voodoo Chicken Salad... you rock!
Absolutely delicious! Fall-apart tender, super  rich and flavorful pork, perfectly cooked and seasoned rice, creamy and tangy macaroni salad. Just an overall spectacular meal (and HUGE too!) for under 10 bucks. I got the luau pork plate. Definitely recommended. Super fast too! Like 3 minutes fast! I'll be back for sure!
My wife and I have eaten at the Val Vista and Baseline location probably 5 times over the past 12 months. The food is good and reasonbly priced. I usually get the Volcano Chicken Sandwich and my wife likes the Cabo Fish Tacos. Both are fantastic. The sweet potato fries are the best around and we love the dipping sauce. Most of the time the employees are very nice and the place seems to be clean. The food seems very fresh and we have never had a long wait. I would definitely recommend trying Rumbi's.
Just got in from FL. Here for three weeks, definitely coming back. Pork luau plate was heavenly, Mac salad was perfect. Rumbi island grill is #winning for your stomach and soul
Here we have an Island themed restaurant in the vein of Tokyo Joe's and others.

I tried a pulled pork sandwich with "rumbi fries" which are regular pencil fries mixed with crinkle cut sweet potato fries.  The pork was pretty good, could have been less dry.  It had a slight smoky flavor.

The fries were good although I could do without the coating on the sweet potato fries (or any fries as far as that goes).  The meal was served with a nice BBQ sauce and ala Salt Lake City, fry sauce.

Eat outside and enjoy the resident sparrows which emit impertinent chirps if you toss them a crumb and then nothing else for a few minutes.  I had no idea a bird not much bigger than a ketchup packet could be reduced to begging and groveling for tidbits of my dinner.
OMG
I freakin' love this place!

How have I not been here before??!?!?!

I want to eat here everyday.

I had the spicy teriyaki chicken with brown rice, and I thought it was AMAZING

My bf had the pulled pork and I tried it and thought it was better than most of the pulled pork we had in Hawaii (though they don't carry poi... boo)

So yeah.  I dug this place.  I'm excited to try the other items on the menu, although since the teriyaki was soooo good it'll be hard not to get it!

AGHH!
I LOVE!
I have to agree with the first review- How did I not know about this place?  How had I never been here before?  I have been there 4 times in the two weeks since I first discovered it.  Each time I have ordered the same meal...  one of the bowls.  They have two sizes- half bowl and full bowl.  I think the half bowl is plenty big enough for one person.  Once I ordered the full and I think it is the same amount of stuff on top and just more rice on the bottom, it wasn't worth the extra buck to me.  Once you pick which size bowl you want you pick your protein.  They have chicken, pork, tofu, veggie and others, I think.  I always order the tofu.  Whichever topping you pick it also has the other half of the bowl covered in veggies.  A combination of zuchinni, celery and broccoli.  Under the protein and veggies is your choice of rice- white, brown or rice and red beans or for 79c extra you could have noodles.  I always get brown rice and it is awsome tasting as well as healthy.  Then you pick your sauce which comes in a little cup on the side.  Choices are teriyaki- regular or spicy, jerk and something else.  I always get spicy, yummm...

A couple times I ordered the Rumbi fries and enjoyed them and the sauce they came with.

I highly recommend this counter service restaurant.
If you are craving some island food in Chandler then this is the place to go. Get past the backyard Hawaiian themed decor and the "Tropical Friday" shirts the staff has to wear and the food is pretty good. I would not say it is the best Hawaiian food but it will do. The Luau Pork plate is one of my favorite then I would say the lunch bowls are a close second (with the Rumbi Rice). I would recommend passing on the steak selection as it is not all that great. 

As I have stated before, fresh brewed iced tea is always a good thing. Two kinds, regular and mango.
My friend from work and I ate here on our lunch hour and I was impressed not only with the delicious food, but the impeccable service. One of the managers actually remembered my friend -by name- although she hadn't eaten there in several months! When my fiancee and I decided to throw a Luau style engagement party, I decided to call them about catering. I went in and spoke with Eric, who was super helpful and even let me try a couple of the sides. He really took the extra time to listen to our needs and understand our budget. Eric was sooo accommodating!! He delivered our dinner for 45 people personally and even offered to grab any last minute (non Rumbi) items that we may have needed on the way! Our party was a huge hit!! Everyone complimented the food. ERIC-THANK YOU AGAIN SO MUCH, YOU MADE OUR PARTY A HUGE SUCCESS!
I am a kama'ina and I do miss Hawaii....

I always order the Mahi-mahi entrée. It's the best in town. The Mahi tacos are excellent. Portions served are big. 

My kid loves the Kahuna burger. She says it's the best burger she has ever had!
Great food, fresh crispy veggies, excellent service. I love the luau pork, but it's kind of salty, even for me considering I love salty food!  Mango iced tea is very refreshing and key lime pie is gooood. I have tried the tofu but it has been hit or miss the way they cook it.I like it crispier (or as crispy as you can get tofu:)
Wow cool place! It was a toss up between this and Roy's Fusion; I'm glad I checked the reviews on Roy's to discover it is a "nice" place before I walked in there looking like "The Dude" and embarrassing everyone. 

The tastes are amazing -- got the Luau Pork Plate with Rumbi rice and it was fantastic. Spicy sauces were flying everywhere. My wife got the fish tacos which were excellent also. Overall, a way better bang for your buck than, say, Rubio's.
First time burger and fries mix, the sweet potato fries are tasty.  But nothing memorable that drove me to come back until months later, a co-worker wanted to try it...

Had the chicken and steak bowl with brown rice, on the side they kindly gave me both the teriyaki spicy and peanut sauce.  Teriyaki spicy won and chicken over thinly chopped steak (tasted a little off actually).  Servings are generous but nothing that will drive me to come back until someone asks me to join them again.
Wow! Great island food! Very flavorful and fresh. The menu isn't vast, but it is oh-so-good!  Makes me want to go back to the islands!
I love eating here- although i'd eventually like to try the entire menu, my mouth waters so badly at a few items I can't do without! You order at the counter then get a number, and your food is brought out to you in real dishes. 

My favorites:

Luau Pork- decent portion of meat served over rice (I suggest the rumbi coconut/red bean rice) with some creamy macaroni salad. I don't care for the sauce it comes with by default, but instead I ask for the Orange Chicken Sauce. 

Kahuna burger- a perfectly cooked explosion of delicious! It has two thin beef patties, swiss cheese, and pineapple. The combination of things, along with some mayo and a sweet squishy bun, is incredibly addictive. It comes with some sauce but i've never used it..better yet, it comes with:

RUMBI FRIES: A tasty mix of regular fries and seasoned sweet potato fries. One time they even let me have all sweet potato fries, now THAT made me a happy customer. :) They come with a sauce that i'm pretty sure is just ketchup and mayo mixed together. I hardly ever eat fries but can't get enough of these.

Key Lime Pie: It's very limey, you get a large slice. Perhaps not top notch, but better than what you can easily find in the area.

I've never tried the entree salads, but once asked for a side caesar that was fairly large and did not disappoint. I've also had the brown rice but prefer the mix of the rumbi rice. 

If you check your junk mail, they send out coupons quite often. Rumbi is fantastic for a quick casual meal or take out!
I love the volcano blackened mahi mahi and the salads are great! And I love the ambiance - it's like being on an island in the desert!!

The food is so so good, but there's one huge problem -  I end up with bad stomach issues every time I eat here - regardless of what I order (on separate occasions: fried shrimp, pineapple burger, volcano plate, salad, fries, chicken bowl)....and I have *zero* food allergies and eat out a lot without issues.  I would eat there all the time if there was some guarantee that I wouldn't be doubled over afterward.
I'm with Ada G. on this one.  I've had some different things from here and every time I get a stomach ache too.  Now don't get me wrong, it always tastes great, it just doesn't feel good afterwards.  I can't figure it out...
Eat lunch and chill out, perfect! 

I'd never heard of Rumbi until I got some coupons in the mail (yeah, I said coupons, I'm not ashamed to use them) So I figured we would give it a shot since we were burnt out on all the other local convenient eateries. 

It was cool and calm (as in not bustling with people making your lunch suck) inside, I liked the island decor for a change, it was hip, but the best part was the reggae beats pumping through the speakers, LOVED it! 

They have several bowls, salads, wraps, sandwiches and burgers to choose from. 
But what do they have for vegans you ask? 

Well this Vegan got the Organic Tofu bowl (see pics), with teriyaki sauce and the Rumbi rice which is rice and red beans simmered in coconut milk, so delicious! I got the half size and it was still two portions for me. 
A lot of food lightly dressed in the sauce with zucchini, carrots, celery and broccoli that was not overcooked. 

It was much fresher, much tastier and not greasy compared to a Pei Wei bowl. 

We shared some Rumbi fries too(see pics), half sweet potato and half regular, solid choice, nice and crisp. 

The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating and the restaurant was very clean.

It's nice to know I have another accidentally vegan option out there, I will go back.
So, my number one Jewish girlfriend took me to this place that she just knew would make me feel at home.  She was trying to make up for a momentary lapse in judgement about what was the most important thing to do on May Day...Anyhooo... She is now fully pardoned!

Rumbi made me miss my momma when I got a whiff of their Caribbean Chicken and Shrimp entree.   This with a side of Rumbi fries made me want to forget that I was at a strip mall in the dessert and was instead at a get-a-way somewhere between Maui and Montego Bay!  Don't ask how that is possible. Ask instead how I managed to eat the rumbi rice down to the last grain without ever mentioning curry goat.

This island fusion blend made this island gal feel like she should have had her  mom open up a franchise and add a few more menu items.  Don't get me wrong; if you wanted to be in Hawaii, you know this place had it covered.  But a little more of the Caribbean could have been represented is all that I am saying.  So to remedy that, add curry!  Add echoveiche fish and plantains!  Perhaps some carrot juice....

Either way,  who needs Jack in the Box EVER when you have this festive fast food fix frankly?
I eat here whenever I'm in Chandler, AZ.. Fresh & Great bowls, blacken Mahi, fish tacos & sweet potato fries. Good mango ice tea as well. Everyone I've turned on to this place is a regular now.
A Must Try! You'll love it.
I'm on board with this place.  An island themed fast casual place that has great chicken rice bowls.  I haven't tried anything else, but I always dig places that can do a good brown rice bowl with fresh veggies and good chicken with a good sauce.  Rumbi does it.  The burger looks mysterious to me, but there are so many places out there that do a good burger, I don't anticipate trying theirs.
Cheap, good, "Hawaiian" food. 

Until this place opened, there were really only a few choices for "Hawaiian" food. Roy's Hawaiian Fusion is an interesting option, but you begin to lose interest when you see the prices on the menu. This place serves as an amazing, cheap alternative.

Okay, maybe its not your cheap $5-7 lunch, its just a tad bit more depending on what you get. I got the combo entree which had shrimp and chicken, rice, and a small salad. Before I talk about the food, let me reiterate my hate for seafood and shrimp. I just don't like it for some reason. This place's shrimp is one of the few places I will eat shrimp. Its the seasoning that makes the texture of shrimp bearable for me. Likewise, the chicken also has a really unique taste. If you want tingly taste buds and want something unique, try this place out. Service is good, food is interesting, and you get quite a bit of food for what you pay.
We love the yummy Sweet Potatoe fries (you can ask for the Rumbi fries to be Sweet only).  My husband loves the Luau plate.  I usually get a chicken bowl and the large is so big I share with my youngest daughter.

My daughter with Celiacs Disease gets a rice bowl with naked vegetables and chicken.  They now have a gluten free sauce (yeah)!

The service is good, you order at the front counter and then they bring you the food.  The last time to food took a little longer then usual and they gave us a coupon for free meal with out asking.
This place has a very interesting menu, with a decent selection of salads, burgers, and rice bowls. For the bowls, you get to choose your meat, your style of rice, and the sauce.

I went with a bowl. I got the chicken, with Rumbi Rice which is flavorful, and the Jamaican Jerk sauce. The portions were huge, the dish was very tasty - BUT incredibly salty!!

I might go back to try something different (the Kahuna Burger sounds interesting) but if it's anywhere near as salty as this one, I won't go back.
I've been here for lunch a few times and have never been let down. Never too busy. Not too expensive. The portions are large. I always get a rice bowl, with brown rice. No matter what sauce I get it's always tasty. The music it always an island mix which goes with the theme and has a nice calming effect. The service here is always fast and friendly.
All My friends love this place... So I went along on a lunch trip and walked into a very busy restaurant walk up to the counter and ordered the Luau Pork Plate (Slow roasted pulled Kalua pork topped with teriyaki sauce. Served with creamy Island macaroni salad, Asian slaw and white rice. With an order of the Rumbi Fries A mix of sweet potato & regular French fries, with Rumbi Fry Sauce. I was not impressed with my meal at all it was ok and the fried were ok as well. I will not be going back to this spot for lunch anytime soon.
With regard to rice bowls, this place is better than average.  I had the Jamaican Jerk Cicken & Steak today.  Pretty good other than a piece of steak was unchewable.
We love this place. I have never tried anything on their menu that I didn't like. I really enjoy the Rumbi Beach Burger, Chicken Teriaki Sandwich, and Pulled Pork sandwich. Their sweet potato fries are excellent. Always good to wash it down it a Mango Iced Tea. I'm just disappointed that the location in east Phoenix and Scottsdale have closed. Wish they would reopen another closer to our home.
My family and I eat here often.  The food is very good, and there is a lot of variety - salads, rice and noodle bowls, burgers and more.   My favorite bowl is the hawaiian teriyaki chicken with noodles.  Most often though I get the kahuna burger with sweet potato fries.  Prices are very reasonable and they have kids eat free nights on Mondays and Tuesdays.  Only complaint I have is that the sweet potato fries are sometimes not very fresh, but when they are, they are very good.
Pretty disappointing overall.  Rice was undercooked, food was in some cases too sweet, in others too bland.  Not impressed.
Decent place. Nice and clean. Food is ok. Had a pulled pork sandwich. Whatever liquid was on it soaked through the bread making it really soggy. I don't like my bread having the consistency of being in water all day. I will try them again a second time to see if anything else is worth having. Conclusion, not a bad place.
My family and I love this place.  We have a 9 year old who hasn't yet developed an adventurous palate, but he loves the burger and the chicken strips, so we can take him there and be free to enjoy some of their interesting and unusual sandwiches and  fantastic salads (although they recently took our favorite off the menu).  

The music is great too, really sets an "island" vibe.  But what really sets this place apart is the staff.    Rumbi has done a great job of hiring upbeat, friendly, helpful, cheerful staff who remain that way at all times.  You'll likely just feel good about being here, there are a variety of relatively healthy menu items, and it won't break the bank.
I love this little find, thanks to a friend of mine! While it might not be anything super special compared to another chicken and rice bowl, I do like that they have the option of brown rice and all their veggies aren't just onions.

Overall, a tasty meal with only 500 calories for the small bowl. Sounds good to me! :D
I've been to Rumbi probably a few dozen times.  Worked near the (now closed) Rumbi on Frank Lloyd Wright in Scottsdale and ate there several times.  Have gone to this one in Chandler several times.  I always get the same thing, Jamaican Jerk Chicken.  OK, yeah, call me boring.  So I know what it tastes like.  And it always tasted the same until last Sunday, when it was different.  After a few bites i realized what I ordered isn't what I got.  So I handed it off to the manager looking dude and told him I'd prefer to get what I actually ordered.  His response was to bring it back to my table and try to convince me that what I had was what i actually ordered.  

Bye bye, Chandler Rumbi, I won't be back.  Mistakes are OK, they just need to be corrected.  Explain aways are not OK.
Ate there last night. Had a big hair in my food. Kinda grossed me out so I only ate half. What I tasted was good.
A favorite of ours for family dining.  Rumbi Island Grill has a tasty menu, and reasonable prices.  The service sometimes seems to be hit or miss, but overall it's pretty good.  We frequent this place when we are dining with our three kids as there is always something for everyone.  Mac & Cheese for the youngest, cheese burgers for the teen, and tasty bowls and salads for parents.

Can't beat the music playlist, always some good roots reggae playing!
Had the pulled pork sandwich and was blown away by how tender, juicy and flavorful it was. Definitely slow roasted. I'm glad I has the sauce on the side because it didn't need any and would have ruined the experience! 

Had chips and salsa on the side... Not sure why... They were nothing special.

Good alternative to fast food without being too much more expensive. Sort of a Hawaiian version of Qdoba (in dining experience, not food). No waitstaff.
I forgot to bring my lunch to work and I was tired of the usual places so I decided to check Rumbi's out.  There was one person in front of me in line but no one at the counter to help either of us.  We waited for a couple minutes and then a woman came out and started helping the lady in front of me.  She seemed very friendly and apologized to both of us for the wait.  Then a guy came out from the back and went to a second register and motioned to me that he could help me.

Since this was my first time here I asked him if he had any recommendations for what was good and I swear he rolled his eyes at me.  Didn't exactly give me a great impression of the place.  He mentioned a couple things but at that point I honestly didn't care what he said so I just picked the Island Chicken Sandwich with the Jerk sauce to go.

It didn't take long for them to make my food which was nice since I was on my lunch break and time is precious!  Once I sat down to eat it I was happy with the presentation and the flavors were good too.  The bun was nice and soft, the chicken was cooked nicely and it was a huge piece too!  Not to mention the flavor combination of the grilled pineapple with the jerk sauce and cheese was great.

I'm not writing this place off due to this experience since it wasn't completely horrible and the food was good, but I'll definitely be hoping I get the woman who works there and not this guy again.
My bf and I were in the area and looking for a place to eat on Friday night. We weren't sure what to eat so of course we had to pull up Yelp and of course Yelp saves the day because this place was amazing! 

I've never heard of it and neither one of us has ever had Caribbean food before so we wanted to try something new and I'm so glad we did! 

He ordered the Rumbi beach burger combination which comes with fries and a drink while I ordered the Island Chicken Jerk sandwich. We always try to order different things at new restaurants so we can both experience something new and see what we like. We're both actually kind of competitive because we like seeing who ordered the better dish lol. And in this case apparently HE won! His burger was so amazingly mouth watering! He said he almost didn't even want to give me his half of it! haha. My sandwich was also good but not as good as his. 

Everything was so good at this restaurant. Even the fries and the special sauce that came with it was amazing! Not to mention the price is SOOOOO reasonable. I think the only negative thing I have to say is I wish the location was easier to find. We had to drive around for a while to find it, but it was definitely worth it in the end. =)

The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. I'm so glad we found this place on yelp because I will DEFINITELY be coming back. All this talk is making me want to ditch work and go get one right now! Trust me folks, you won't be disappointed. =)
They have a special every day of the week. For 6.99.
This place was awesome when it first opened. The manager was on point and the service was as good as the food. NOW! It sucks. So disappointing. Management matters.
Been here twice now. The first experience was blah. The second the same and for that you get a friendly two stars. 

Forget why this place has a Hawaiian Island theme when the menu really just serves rice bowls and burgers. So let's talk about the rice bowls, of which I had on both occasions. 

After waiting entirely too long for my food, it came out luke warm both times and having ordered the chicken with a different flavor option, the chicken is really nothing more than pre-cooked cubes which you are invited to drown in a store-bought sauce. I wouldn't have minded waiting longer if I was convinced that any part of my meal was prepared fresh and not so blatantly pre-made. 

I've had worse, but not necessarily rushing back.
This place is great for a quick, healthy bite to eat. I found this place through a 2-for-1 coupon and could not be more pleased. I highly recommend the fire-grilled chicken teriyaki bowl. Very tasty and I love the veggies that come with...my only complaint is that I swear I have gotten a few frozen veggies in my mix before. It's so hard to say for sure since the portions are so big that my food get cold before I can finish it anyway. Overall...very good, fair prices, worth a visit!
Can someone please explain to me what the hype is about this chain? I will take you out for a drink if you have a compelling argument - Or perhaps you can make some good suggestions to me if I find myself here again?! 

When my work first relocated to this area, my coworkers were on a serious Rumbi kick. Like, 2-3 times per week and even ordering it for field trainings.

So, one day a few of us that hadn't tried it out yet decided to go! 

The first time I had a half-order of the Honey-Orange Chicken Bowl with brown rice. It kind of reminded me of Panda Express. Nothing too crazy. The "fresh sautéed" vegetables were soaked in the sauce. Lawl! 

Second time I had the Caribbean Jerk Salad. The marinade on the chicken was pretty good; however, the lettuce wasn't very crisp and seemed like it had been sitting around for a day. 

Third time, I had the Volcano Chicken Sandwich. The chicken was kind of dry; lukewarm even. However, the cilantro mayo helped out and was actually quite flavorful. The pineapple salsa wasn't horrible, either! 

The food is two stars. But since everyone working here was incredibly helpful and friendly, have to throw them the third star for simply for that. 

Maybe these were the wrong things to order. Needless to say after this review . . . Not impressed!
I always have a great experience when I eat at Rumbi. Food is made fresh and fast and the employees are always super nice and helpful. And also patient when I spend a little too much time looking at the menu! 

The dining room is always clean, but I will admit that I usually visit right after they open on the weekends. Since there are no trash cans you have leave your dirty dishes on the table, but since I've never been for dinner I can't vouch for how they keep up with the messes during busy periods.
The Jamaican Jerk chicken brown rice bowl has fantastic flavors. The chicken was a little on the rubbery side but the flavors were terrific! I will be back to try other menu items.
Good lunch but a little pricy for my taste.  The employees were extremely friendly and very helpful.   Checked on us twice to make sure everything was well.  I had the white rice teriyaki bowl with pork and tofu.   tofu was good, pork was very good and the vegetables were fresh and a good variety.  I'll be back to try something different.
My favorite casual restaurant and I eat here frequently.  I am not fond of rice so stick to salads.  They will also do "all salad" and no rice for the plates..  Love the tofu option and iced tea is always fresh.  The catered salads are beautifully presented. Sign up for club rumbi......
First time dining at Rumbi's this week, tried a chicken rice bowl with brown rice and the spicy Hawaiian teriyaki glaze, which wasn't spicy.  The chicken, veggies and glaze were good, but there was WAY too much rice, which I couldn't finish.  Would rather have more veggies and less rice. Overall, it was just average, but good enough to try again.
First time here and loved the atmosphere.  Went there around lunch time and was glad it isn't crowded like other restaurants in the area.  The meal was prepped and delivered to us in a timely manner.  The only bad thing about this place is the lack of portion honesty.  My coworker and I did a lunch run for the office.  Some ordered full bowls and some ordered half.  We were told the full bowls come with more rice AND meat.  Unfortunately when we opened our to-go bowls up, we were disappointed at the fact that we paid more than the half sized bowls for more rice and the same amount of meat.  What's the point?
Mhmmmm so good. I had the half sized rice bowl with pork and Caribbean jerk sauce. It was very filling and it was so tasty. The pork was tender and not fatty at all. The rice and veggies were well cooked too! 

Can't wait to try another dish!
I LOVE this place! I work next door and eat here at least 2 to 3 times a week. The staff here are all extremely friendly. You can tell that they genuinely like working there and like working with customers. The food is always great. I get the rice bowls or a salad and I ALWAYS get the sweet potato fries! They are to die for.
We eat here a few times a month usually. We eat their Rumbi Burger often along with their Rumbi fries which are a mixture of regular french fries and sweet potato fries which are both perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. They serve their fries with a special Rumbi sauce which seems to be something similar to a thousand island sauce... delicious!   We recently tried their fish tacos which were great as well, and their blackened salmon is a must! 

Great food for a great price!
Excellent. Very fresh and more on the healthy side. Definitely recommend. This is the second time here this week. Glad I found it.
I have eaten here twice on trips to visit a friend in the area. LOVE this place! Took the boyfriend on the second trip and he also enjoyed it. The big bowl is enough food for two meals. Thinking of relocating to Phoenix and I'm pretty excited at the idea of trying more food options from this place. :)
Caribbean Fusion Restaurant and Bar is a new and much needed offering in the Valley restaurant scene. Caribbean food in an elegant full service setting that is reasonably priced and authentic. 

The menu is very smartly varied to include authentic staples including Jerk Pork or Chicken, Fricasee Chicken, Curry Goat and Red Snapper to name only a few. The flavors were strong and the preparations true to traditional recipes, with clean and elegant presentation using fresh quality ingredients. For the less adventurous, the salads and build-your-own pasta entree options were not afterthoughts, but just as thoughtfully  prepared.  Caribbean Fusion also has a full bar with several island-inspired cocktails on the list, as well as a well rounded wine list and several fresh fruit non-alcoholic drinks to sample. The only drawback keeping CF from getting 5 stars from me is the lack of  patties on the menu! My dining companions (caribbean food enthusiasts) were soreley dissapointed, but the waitress assured us that they would be featured on the menu soon. 

The atmosphere at Caribbean Fusion is very mellow, the space is open and inviting and very relaxing.  The waitstaff was friendly and attentive (although my visit was 8pm on a Sunday and we were the only guests). 

Although the nondescript strip mall in South Scottsdale is not the most trendy location, Caribbean Fusion is close to the Scottsdale Club scene and Tempe's shopping and attractions as well. Definitely stop in next time you are in the mood for something new and you won't be dissapointed. CF is also open for lunch and has a late night menu featured for Friday and Saturday evenings as well.
I was introduced to this hidden spot by Jamaican friend who has been on a mission to discover great Caribbean food in Phx. It officially fills a void that has long been standing!

The decor and feel is classy but not stuffy. I can imagine going here on a date for sure. There are great booths on one side for a hidden rendezvous for cock-tailing. 

I loved my dinner which was fish, rice and peas and green beans. It was flavorful and prepared perfect. My picky dinner companion raved about how much the food reminded her of home. Not one plantain was left on her plate.

Oh and my cocktail which was like a mojito but better was amazing! I would go back just for that drink.

Check it out! Its one of those rare gems that needs some support and the word spread.
Caribbean Fusion is good, but needs a little menu tweaking. 

I went there totally expecting beef patties on the menu. After I already ordered my Jerk Pork, I asked if they would eventually serve them. The other server (not my server) said..."oh, we have them". Huh?? Where? They certainly weren't on the menu or mentioned when I ordered. All I really wanted was a couple beef patties, some plantains and genuine ginger beer! I ordered the beef patties (abandoned my jerk pork) and ate the plantains I ordered with my pork dish. The patties were delish and so were the plantains. The jerk pork was flavorful but a little on the tough side. 

Simply put, the menu was great with the Jamaican dishes. They went awry by adding Italian style pasta dishes and salads with no Jamaican flare, American side dishes....like corn on cob, baked potato and french fries. 

They're not super busy yet, and could probably do better by narrowing the selection to a few stellar and genuine Jamaican dishes. Oh, by the way, the website is www.jamicanfusions.com (Fusion with an "s", unlike the spelling of the restaurant). 

On the lighter side, I know a great Mojito, and theirs are fantastic!!! 

Bon Appetite!
I went to this place mid week late afternoon( No other customers beside myself and my friend) We were not at all impressed by the service ie: the bartender(we sat at the Bar)He was young, attractive, with absolutley NO personality. We were unsure of what to order so we took our gamble on  the Jerk Burger, with a side salad. I must say the food was fair, the salad was yummy and refreshing. The glitch... right as we were served another employee decided it was time to freshen the air, and to disinfect the furniture. I would have to say ...The food was fair ..But they have a LONG way to go for customer service. Which by the way I have been in Rest/bar biz for 24 years. Sad but True
Caribbean Fusion was an unexpected treat. We went on Wednesday night for their All you can eat buffet $15. They had a huge selection of meats including Seafood. The best ribs I have ever eaten, Jerk Chicken, Shrimp Stirfry, Goat, Tasty Fish, Shrimp, Oysters on the half shell. There was a make your own salad bar, homemade soup, a wonderful veggie combination, excellent mashed potatoes, beans and rice, rolls and even deserts. They also have a full bar including Pina Coladas, Mojitos, Daiquiri's... The service was top rate and the live music was a nice touch. We will be back for sure.
Had the lunch special for $7.95, jerk burger and tropical salad. The burger had an awesome flavor and a lot of bacon and thick cheese. The salad was mixed greens, tomatoes, mango, pineapple, and watermelon in a light vinaigrette. Everything really tasty and nice people.
I went there for lunch the other day and had the curry goat and 2 beef patties which I did not see on the menu, but requested after seeing on this website that they had them.  Everything was excellent!  I usually eat curry chicken when I eat jamaican food, but at the bartenders recommendation, I tried the curry goat and was not disappointed!!!  I can't wait to go back for the buffet!!!
Caribbean Fusion offers unique menu including many dishes beyond jerk for those looking for something a little different, friendly and efficient service, prices fairly easy on the wallet, and wonderful food!

This was my first Caribbean restaurant experience, and it was a great one. Like many overlooked dining gems, it's tucked into a strip mall on the east side of Scottsdale Rd. along with a Sleep America, a mexican joint, and a bar, but it's worth seeking out. When we walked into the darkly decorated but well-window-lit restaurant, our hostess/server, Judith, greeted us with a huge smile and continued through the meal with helpful menu hints, intriguing food information, and top-notch service. The tables were cleanly dressed, but even though it was a "cloth napkin setting," we felt comfortable in our casual clothes.

My bf ordered the sweet, fresh Fruit Fusion smoothie--a wine glass  of mango, strawberry, and raspberry purees--and I ordered the tarter and refreshing Tropical Lemonade--lemonade with mango and strawberry and mango purees (each was $5). Wanting some new flavors, we started with the Ackee and Salt fish Strudel, described on the menu as "sauteed onion, peppers, dried codfish and julienne tomatoes with Jamaican ackee wrapped in flaky phyllo pastry, served with a spiced tomato sauce." For $4.50, we received two servings of the pastry, dressed in spicy red sauce. We could slightly smell the cod, but it wasn't overpowering, and the taste with the red sauce was awesome--buttery, savory, salty, with sparks of flavor from the cod and, I assume, the ackee throughout. It was just enough to whet our appetites.

My bf ordered the jerk pork ("leg of pork marinated in Jamaican herbs and spices, roasted over open spit and served with a jerked pork sauce"), roasted garlic & parmesan mashed potatoes, and fried plantains ($10.50). Every bite I tried was delicious, the components perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. For some reason, fried plantains have always seemed starchy or "green" tasting, but these were soft with a ripe, gentle banana flavor, without the sweetness of an actual banana. I ordered the braised ox tail (braised medallion cuts of ox tail with chunky vegetables, lima beans, and dumpling spinners), green beans with bacon bits, and french fries (I'd been hoping to try the fried bammy, but they were out)($12). The ox tail was perfectly cooked--melt-in-my-mouth soft and tender. I usually don't like thick-cut fries, but while these were wide, they were also skinny, so the crunch skin-to-soft hot mashy innards ration was perfect. Plus, they stayed crispy through the entire meal instead of going mushy within minutes. Our waitress brought two hot pepper sauces, which I enjoyed--one just a regular red pepper sauce, and the other a scotch bonnet sauce. 

Dessert options included standard American offerings--carrot cake, strawberry cheesecake, hot fudge sundae--and we almost skipped until our waitress described the tuxedo cake: layers of cake, vanilla mousse, and chocolate mousse topped with whipped cream. A fabulous ending, even if it wasn't very Caribbean.

We plan to go back to try the Wednesday-night buffet. Judith gave us animated and excited descriptions of several of the dishes, and we're looking forward to returning.

Update: Went to the buffet with a few friends, and we enjoyed it--there were some nice, rich, savory flavors! It was gluttinous, getting to eat as much oxtail as I wanted. Janice was right--the curried goat does not taste gamy at all. The seafood ragout in white sauce was delicious, as was the escovitch fish (red snapper, according to the bartender, who was also bussing tables and visiting with tables). The jerk chicken was a little problematic--one friend's was overcooked, and mine seemed somehow grisly, which I've never encountered with chicken. Both of us left the chicken on the plate even though the flavor was fine. It was nice to see a chafing dish filled with their tasty mashed potatoes, as well as plenty of their tuxedo cake on the little dessert table, which also offered carrot cake and cheesecake. Other offerings included a small salad bar, chicken soup, rolls, steamed veggies, and seasoned rice and peas. My friend had a mojito but said it was too sweet; the bartender graciously remade it without a shrug--yet more kudos for attentive service. I do hope that they lighten their buffet selection as the weather warms, though!
I loved the atmosphere of this restaurant, I was a little disappointed in the service. I was also disappointed because other people on here were able to eat the beef patties and they did not have them when I went there. This was one of the main reasons why I went there....I really wanted one. But I also ordered the curry goat because of other reviews  which was really good and also tasted the Jerk chicken it tasted more like a BBQ sauce I expected a little heat. I loved the rice and fried plantains. I overheard another customer say that the food did not taste the same like like the pervious times that she had went there.  Overall, I enjoyed the food that I ordered, I would try this place again and see if things changed and will probably call ahead of time to see if they have beef patties available. Also I would have loved to have some music playing...I love reggae and all I heard while waiting was a sports channel on a TV by the bar.
I've known about Caribbean Fusion Restaurant and Bar for a long time, but my wife and I finally had a chance to experience the Scottsdale eatery in June 2009.

It was extremely important for me to bring my wife to Caribbean Fusion for two reasons:

1) She is a native of St. Croix in the United States Virgin Islands so she would be the best judge of the Caribbean cuisine.
2) She offered to pay!

We were both immediately pleased with the coziness of the environment inside and the friendly nature of our server, Judith. We've all been to a black-owned restaurant where the customer service was ... ahem ... downright rude! Everyone in Caribbean Fusion greeted us with a smile or a hello which was refreshing!

The menu featured a number of interesting dishes including jerk T-bone steak, lobster tail, fricassee chicken, Jamaican red peas soup and steamed crawfish.

My wife ordered the Braised Ox Tail with rice and peas and fried plantains. I'm embarassed to say that I gave into my addiction to BBQ and asked for the pork baby back ribs! I had all that Caribbean food at my disposal and I chose an American dish! Yeah, yeah, I know ...

I sampled some of my wife's Ox Tail before I tasted my ribs and it was excellent! Juicy, hot and mixed in with some of the rice! I'm a big fan of Ox Tail so I tried to convince her to trade with me. She wasn't havin' it!

Then I tried my ribs ... fall-off-the-bone meat, with a thick sauce! Caribbean Fusion's won't compare to anything that you'll find in Memphis, Kansas City or Chicago, but they were still tasty.

My favorite Caribbean side dish is fried plantains and Caribbean Fusion's version was pretty good. I think my wife's fried plantains are better.

My wife has had a few bad experiences with Caribbean-inspired restaurants here in the past but she was clearly impressed with this place! We were a little disappointed that we didn't hear any reggae, dancehall or calypso playin' softly in the background.

But all in all, my wife and I agreed that we will be visiting Caribbean Fusion again and again! And she will be payin' again and again!
Well, we can't say much for the food since we never got waited on.  We came in last night, a party of six and was seated, five to ten minutes later we got our menus.  Later we finally got some water, we were never asked if we wanted a drink and the waitress who walked by our table several times never even stopped to say sorry she was busy or anything... she didn't even look at us!  There were only 5 tables seated at this time and 2 were done eating.

Needless to say, after about the 6th time passing our table without even a drink order we got up and left and will never ever be back.  

I doubt you will be seeing this place in business very much longer.
I finally checked this place out on a Saturday night. They were under staffed so service was slow but the food was great. We had crab cakes as an app (tasty) Jerk leg of pork and Pan Seared Sea Bass w/ Plantains, Green beans, Rice & Peas. All was excellent. I strongly recommend the Bass.
Not sure if it had to do with the holiday, but they were out of everything!  There was maybe 1 or 2 people at the bar that I think may know the owner but otherwise the restaurant was deserted.  So I guess check it out before its gone!

We pretty much ordered everything that was available off the menu - the chicken appetizer in peanut sauce was very good.  The oxtail curry was pretty good but not sure about the quality of the meat they used (there was a lot of fatty parts).  The chicken ??? (you'd know it if you saw it, its not the jerk or anything you would think off hand) was very good warm.  The soup with the red beans was ok, I wasn't a fan but my friend liked it a lot.  I really liked the fried plantains but the rice (white and with red beans) was kinda crisp/hard in some places.

Over all, I liked the food but not sure about the quality of the ingredients and portion sizes.  The prices were pretty good so maybe that's why they don't give you that much.
I think this place went out of business. I tried to eat here twice and the establishment was closed during their listed hours.
I've eaten here twice this trip and just love it!  I had the Goat Curry the first time and Pork Jerk Dinner the second time. Both were huge and delicious!  I'll add more when I get back to San Diego with my own internet (I'm at the Chandler Library) but just wanted to get my 2-bits in for now.
Fried Plantains, Chicken  and red beans and rice dish = DELISH!
I can't say I've had any other Carribbean food, but for my first experience this was absolutely delicious. Ah the thought of it is making my mouth water... need to make another trip back soon before I get back on my health kick.
Had the random urge to try Caribbean food. Googled and found this gem down the street from me! Went at 4pm, so not for sure how busy it gets because of the time of day I went. They were out of half of the 4 appetizers they offer. But I was up for trying new stuff so didn't matter much to me, I was game.  Had the Escovitch  Fish appetizer. Whatever the red pepper on it was super hot (I was warned it is a spicy dish and was feeling adventurous). For dinner tried the jerk chicken, with fried plantains and green beans with bacon. It was so good! Definitely going back! My son (who is 4 1/2) liked the place too, but then again he likes it when I make him cereal, lol.
I really really wanted to review this place highly but I just can't.  I went there on a random weekend evening hoping to find another diamond in the rough strip mall restaurant.  

When I walked in I was immediately impressed by the decor and general atmosphere.  We were the only ones in the whole restaurant, which was surprising, but it was really nice.  It looked like there was only one guy working as well - he was very nice and offered recommendations so no issues there.

That's about the end of my positive experience though unfortunately.  Service, as nice as the waiter was, was extremely slow.  It took a loooooong time between times when we saw our guy and when you're the only party in the restaurant - not good times.  

Needless to say I was really, really excited when the food finally made an appearance.  The disappointment continued though.  I ordered the Curry Goat on the server's recommendation, and there was literally more bone than meat.  The meat that I was able to get was sub-par as well.  

All in all, I wouldn't go so far as to warn friends against CF, and I will probably go back at some point to see if things are different, but I was definitely uninspired upon leaving.  Hopefully down the line we'll see a review update that can add a star or two...
This place had great Caribbean food.  I would get the oxtail and it was just like my grandmothers.  It is shame that is not open.  The valley has lost a hidden treasure.
I saw the sign from the street the first day or two I was in town and vowed to try to get there while I was here.   My last day here, 7/24,  I made it in for lunch.  What a great place!  The girl said they just opened 2 weeks ago and yet the place had people coming in it the whole time I was there and several of them acted like they were already "regulars"!  Way to catch on!  

There were three ladies who were obviously on their lunch break from work in front of me in the line and I was listening in on their conversation and finally asked them a couple of questions about items on the menu.  I got a half-order of Curried Goat.  Now where else you gonna find Curried Goat on a menu?!  It was delicious and amazingly tender!  Cost--$5.  I also got a meat pie that I didn't eat till that evening (kept it in a baggie in my cooler) and a cookie/pie kind of thing that I nibbled on later also.  I heard their chicken jerk is really good.  

Man, why did I not get in here till my last day in Chandler! Finding this place almost made up for learning Tina's Ethiopian cafe had closed!  Now it is on my list of places to be sure to hit on the next trip so all you Yelpers get out there and patronize it and keep it in business till I get back!  You won't be sorry!
My fiance and I tried this place out yesterday (8/4/08) and it was great! 
As I am from Jamaica I know good Caribbean cuisine from bad and this was the closest thing to home cooking that I have ever found in Arizona. In addition to this it is in a great location. They had patties, Oxtail, Curry Goat, Curry Chicken, Stew Peas, Curry shrimp, Ackee and Saltfish and festival as well great Jamaican sodas (made with real cane sugar as opposed to the high fructose corn syrup found in most sodas). 
We are definitely going back!
Lunch to go today from Hot Pot. "Regular" size order of Jerk Chicken. Sides included rice and beans and cabbage with carrot shred.
Wow! Jerk chicken has just the right spice and texture. Terrific beans and rice--definitely will be headed back for the rest of the menu.
Give it a go and support your local small business owners.

Also, MUST dine at Four Fourteen Mediterranean Bistro in south corner of Sam's Club parking lot, Pecos & Arizona Ave--delicious!
Do you like emapanadas, samosas, pastiles?

Gots to try the beef pies here!

Lunch today: jerk chicken, plantains and beef pies. Fantastic!
Just had take out after a friend offered to bring me lunch. Jerk Chicken was flavorful, spicy, but not too much (speaking for me, but I like it HOT!) Rice and peas was a little bland and plantains were great! But why so skimpy? Maybe I am a plantain fanatic though since I can eat a massive plateful and still want more. Anywhoo, I am happy to see this addition to the landscape and on this side of town, open later than most simialr establishments. They offer catering as well.
Stopped by for lunch and had the beef pockets... WOW had some GREAT flavor and just enough spice!
It doesn't look like much at first. It's often empty, the service is aloof, the decor is lacking, etc.   But none of that matters because the food is so absolutely delicious.  

If I ever find myself on death row, I suspect that my last meal request would be a bag of beef pies from Hot Pot.

Highly recommended.  Check it out!
Zipped over for lunch after seeing all the great Yelp reviews, and it was a definite experience.

There is no decor. It's noncor. Nadacor. Zerocor. A few tables, sign on the wall, and a counter. The menu was scrawled on a white board behind the counter, and it is the only place I've been in a long time where curry goat is on the menu. 

So I'm not going take anyone here for the ambiance - so what? Their food was great. I had the jerk chicken, and it was falling off the bone. Tender, spicy, and incredibly tasty. It came with rice and a salad, and was plenty of food for lunch. I'll definitely come back, next time to try a beef pie.

Maybe I'll get lucky and they'll have goat pie... :)
As is the case with many hidden gems in the Valley, Hot Pot is hidden in a strip mall... it's nothing special to look at (from the outside or the inside), but when you walk in and breathe in the aroma of authentic caribbean cuisine, you know you're in for a treat.

I was actually feeling like a simple salad, something light for lunch after stopping by Gangplank last week.  Roger W and Jeff M talked me into joining them for lunch, and how could I be picky when they suggested we try Hot Pot because of their positive Yelp reviews and convenient location?  I couldn't!

So, when we walked in and saw the kind lady behind the counter in this "zero decor" restaurant and the menu for the day with only a few items written on a board, I sucked it up and figured "what the hell," just give it a shot!  I'm happy I did!

I went with the curry chicken while Roger had a couple of veggie pockets and Jeff, the jerk chicken... It was all tasty - especially once Jeff and I added some hot sauce to ours.  I was happy to get some cabbage on the side of the chicken (and some white rice too), but I was secretly hoping they would offer a salad as well.

If you like authentic Caribbean cuisine, check out Hot Pot... don't go in with expectations for anything but the food, and expect an extremely limited menu.  If you do those things, you'll be in for a treat!
Talk about simplicity, this place is as simple as it gets. A/C at 82 maybe, tables and chairs, and a chalkboard with a few items scribbled on it. But with food like this what else do you need? 

Today I tried the Brown Chicken Stew served with rice and some sort of cabbage salad. I was skeptical when I opened my Styrofoam tray but that was put to rest with my first bite. Tender chicken, flavorful rice, and whatever that cabbage thing was.... excellent. 

Maybe next time a restaurant opens up next to my dealership, I won't wait 9 months to try it out. Especially when it's this good.
Yummy, yummy, yummy, 
Chicken Jerk in my tummy, 
Goat Curry is in it too.
The Brown Stew Chicken was 
Really finger lickin'
The Oxtail was tender all through.
Chicken Patty turnover was 
A very good choice,
Red Velvet Cake so delicious and moist,
Sweet potato pie was fruity and sweet;
Glad I got to Chander to revisit this treat!

(Hot Pot 4/18/09 Sat.)
Friend recommended this place and I was intrigued. I had authentic Jamaican food when I was down there on a cruise and been meaning to try it again.

Like other reviewers mentioned, it has a  non-descript decor and the menu is quite simple, with the dishes written down on a whiteboard. I admit I second guessed my choice in coming here based on that, but I'm always willing to try something at least once. Got the Oxtail based on my friends recommendation. The lady who ranged me up was cheerful and nice and I got my food relatively quickly.

It sure smelled good and I opened up my food container with anticapation. A big helping of rice and beans, a cabbage salad, and the oxtail. The oxtail was covered with a generous portion of brown gravy/sauce. Knowing that this was oxtail, I expected a strong flavorful sauce. I was not disappointed. 

The sauce was excellent. You can really taste the flavor from the oxtail bones. The meat was quite tender and the mix of the meat, the rice and the sauce made a good mashup of flavors. Even the salad was quite good. It helped with the balance of the meal, offsetting the heaviness of the flavors of the oxtail and rice. Really tasty. 

I saved a portion for latter eating, but since I so satisfied with the meal, I wanted to sample some more items. I decided to order some meat pies. I saved those for later also, but when I ate my leftover oxtail and meat pies hrs later, they were still quite tasty.

All in all, a very satisfying meal. I've since visited a couple of times more. Their jerk chicken is excellent also. I'm glad I don't have to take a cruise anytime I want some authentic Jamaican cuisine.
I live within 10 minutes walking time of this place and finally made it in there today with some friends after a brown bag @gangplank.

I got the veggie pies as they were the only thing vegetarian,but they were delicious. its easy to miss this place but worth finding and trying.
Very laid back casual spot. Homey feeling, with only a few dishes per day. Jerk chicken is awesome... very spicy, but you can get the hot sauce on the side if you ask for it. I have also tried the beef stew which was great too. Generous portions for the price. Will keep coming back!
I may not know Caribbean food, but I know a good meal when I have it.  I am up to 4 great meals from Hot pot and I plan on having more.  I have had curry goat, curry chicken, oxtail and jerk chicken.  I loved them all.  I also really enjoy the lightly cooked cabbage on the side.  Very helpful and friendly staff.  They usually have a limited menu (to keep costs down) but usually have several meats to choose from.  I plan on trying everything on the menu.  This is just another diamond in the rough.  On top of the wonderful food, it is always good to support local.
The place:
Non-descript strip mall location (why do all little ethnic places seem to occupy these out of the way locations?).  The inside is basically a few tables and a counter.  If I recall there was a TV on the wall?

The food:
I tried the fantastic goat curry and was very pleased with the flavor and quantity.  As the side I ordered the fried plantains which were also quite good.  The "spicy" rice was a little salty but good to soak up the curry sauce.

The bottom line:
I would highly recommend the place if you'd like a taste of the Caribbean.
Incredible!  Very friendly service and wonderful food.  My husband and I tried the brown stew chicken and the oxtail.  Both excellent!  Prices were very inexpensive for the quality and quantity of food.  A must try!
I lived less than a mile from this delicious gem for almost 2 years, how have I not eaten here?!

The hubster and I wanted to try something new tonight so I suggested FINALLY trying Hot Pot for S&Gs. I'm very glad we did. It's a tiny little place, but extremely clean. The service was quick and friendly. I wasn't there more than 5 minutes! That's a huge plus in my book.

On the recommendation of the owner, I got the oxtail and the Jerk Chicken. Both were cooked perfectly tender and falling off the bone. The oxtail was savory and the jerk chicken had just the right amount of kick to it. And the dirty rice and cabbage sides were delicious.

Definitely will be going back! I'm so excited to find another great local restaurant so close to home!
I have been to both Jamaica and Jamaica, Queens and although there is no comparison to the Jerk you will find on the side of the road in Ja The Hot Pot has beaten every where I've been in Jamaica Queens. The Jerk chicken is the best I've had since my trip to the island and though many people are calling it HOT I wouldn't call it that it is a little spicy but it doesn't numb your mouth like chicken wings. Also the rice is not called dirty rice and there are no "meat pies" there is rice n peas and patties believe me I've been mocked by my boyfriend for saying such things.  I personally suggest the festivals which are a lot like a Jamaican donuts but they are generally only sold on the weekends. I would defiantly suggest this place to anyone looking for some authentic Jamaican food though I don't believe they sell breakfast food such as ackee.
After reading positive reviews- I decided to try out "Hot Pot" with my husband...VERY good  homemade caribbean food! 

The service was  fast , friendly, and great - and the food was filling and tasty. We had:

- Curry Goat w/ white rice = very good and plenty of flavor!
- Oxtails w/ rice and beans =  YUMMY and fall off the bone tender! 
- Spinach and cheese pastry = DELICIOUS!!! 
- Chocolate rum cake = WOW! super moist and full of flavor in every bite!!!

** DEFINATELY worth trying!!! **
Yup, I got back here last trip and this one.  Last time I got the Oxtail meal--oh my, so good, and rich in flavor!  And tender!  Fall-off-the-bone-tender.  Melt-in-your-mouth-tender.  I'm drooling just remembering it.  In fact, much as I loved the Goat Curry, I got the Oxtail this trip, too, and it was as good as I remembered.  My daughter's dog will love me forever for bringing her the bones, also.  

So, when are you going to open up a place in San Diego?
Contrary to other reviewers, this place is nice. It's a take-out place of course so don't expect superb ambiance with candle lighting but for what it is, it's perfect. 
We got the ox-tail (my favorite of the meats, very tender), the goat curry (very good too and interesting), and the jerk chicken (very spicy which was good, a little dry otherwise). I do have to say though that the sides won my heart... get the beans and rice (yummy and spicy) and the fried plantains (exquisite!). We got all of this, plus a vegetarian hot pot (also very good) and a bottle soda and it came out to just around $30 for the two of us. The leftovers from this, however, also served as the next day's lunch, so two meals in one. 
May not be for your less adventurous, Applebees eating friends just as a word of warning :)
I've eaten here a handful of times, and I find this to be one of the most consistent chicken dishes, with some awesome options of side dishes and specials in this particular section of the East Valley.  The owner/operator is always very warm and welcoming, and has great recommendations of what's the best dish of the day.  Follow her word every time if you have any doubts.

The jerk chicken is fantastic, a great Weekend Lunch option or quick dinner to go.  I've had the goat curry and the ox-tail stew and wasn't disappointed in either.  And the chicken, meat and veggie pocket pies are pretty fantastic.

Is it a pretty place?  No.  Is it tasty and will give you more food than you need every time?  Yes.  And most important to me, it's consistent ... The chicken is fall of the bone good, the sides are always present and not skimped on, and there are never enough people in there to ease my worries that the next time i'm wanting some jerk chicken, they might not be open anymore :(.
I really like this place despite a couple major flaws, I was there a week or so ago and I love the goat curry, the problem I had was the large amount of bone fragments in the curry. Had to go CSI on my lunch to make sure I didn't get anything stabbing me in the throat. I love the flavor of the food though, the spicy feeling is amazing
So far I have eaten there for lunch twice.  Had the oxtail the first time and goat curry and meat pie the second.  I was not disappointed in fact impressed.  Tender and full of flavor and just enjoyable.  I also recommend ordering their festival (I didn't see it on the menu). A Jamaican hush puppy is how I would describe it.

There are very limited choices (about 4-5 items per day) so not a place for picky eaters but I sure have found a great lunch spot.
The restaurant is a little distance from where I am in Scottsdale but was worth the drive. Not a fancy place but comparable to most Jamaican restaurants elsewhere. This isn't Haute Cuisine afterall. Hands down the best Oxtail I have had in Arizona. Ordered it with rice and peas. You get a choice of plantains or vegetables with the meal.The flavor is as good as anything you get in Brooklyn or Miami but a lot more meat on the bones. I washed it down with some jamaican Ginger Beer. I was so impressed that I order the Curry Goat and Jerk Chicken to go plus 2 beef patties and 2 jerk chicken patties. I'll be back.
After waiting for forever to try this place out, my friends and I finally made the trek out to Chandler for dinner here. It's a small, brightly decorated place and the woman running the counter (who I presume is also the cook/owner) met us quickly. We took a look at the menu, which is split up by day, and decided on what to order. 

Things that made me happy:

- Jamaican sodas (although there was no kola champagne)
- Oxtail...YUM
- Decent serving for the price
- Great tasting food...no doubt that it's homemade

Things that made me sad:

- They don't bake patties after 5pm so they were out when we arrived :(
- Everything is served in Styrofoam to-go boxes...aren't we all going green?
- No prices on the menu....kinda pricy. My entree and drink was $13 and some change
- It's one lady running the joint so while she was nice, she didn't exactly go out of our way to check on us after we got our food

Either way, this was definitely the real stuff, and I can't wait to try some patties
Brown sauce chicken is falling-off-the-bone tender and savory.  Best rice and peas (looks like red beans to me) I've had outside of Louisiana.  Friendly, vivacious woman behind the counter.  Felt like I was eating some delicious home cooking, complete with being tended by a welcoming mom.

Don't let the lack of customers at the tables fool you.  While we were there, eating in, a steady stream of other customers dropped by, picking up orders to go.  One man, who intended to take his home, just couldn't wait and promptly sat down and finished off his meal.

This place is a real treat.
I recently went in and grabbed 2 beef patties and a kola champagne. 


heavenly.
Came here for some jerk chicken and it was delish.  Great flavor and not too spicy.  The rice and peas were okay, a little dry and they were like rice and red beans not black eyed peas that I'm used to.  The cabbage salad was good.  The beef patties were amazing and big for $2.00..Also tried the cupcakes yummy. I would def come back when I'm back in town.
The goat is good.  This place is a hidden Gem.
Outstanding!  Best jerk chicken I've ever had
This is how Caribbean food should be done.  Excellent jerk chicken, perfectly cooked plantains, very good patties.  I highly recommend this place if you are at all a fan of Caribbean food.
The best jerk chicken I've had since the 2003 West Indian Day Parade in Brooklyn.  They tone down the heat on a lot of their items so make sure and ask for the Scotch Bonnet to spice things up.
This was my first time experiencing Caribbean food.  I must say the jerk chicken was pretty awesome.  Unfortunately, due to other issues, I will not be returning.  First, there were several items that were not available.  This was disappointing for someone trying this cuisine for the first time.  There were no patties or festival appetizers, nor plantains.  We were told that due to the holiday (MLK Day) they hadn't bothered to make these things in case it wasn't busy.  Second, we had arrived at 6:00 and then waited 40 minutes for the chicken to be ready.  Lastly, the only beverages were bottled drinks in the cooler, no fountain.  My jerk chicken was over $9 without a beverage.
Being from NYC I grew up on great Caribbean food and I'm really happy I can get it here in Chandler where I live now. Highly recommended because they are very friendly and great prices. There is always room to park and you'll be chowing down on your spicy food within minutes. Check it out if you are nearby!
Love the spicy beef patties.  Reminds me of the Jamaican bakeries back home in ny. The food is amazing.  Fantastic curry and worth trying!
sorry fellow Yelpers.. I really wanted to love this place... so much that I am hoping to go back and trying it again so I can see if it was just an off thing.

My experience was on a Friday.. near 530ish.. empty restaurant (it was just me and hubby) and one lady at the register.  She wasn't friendly by any means until I started asking her about the goat and what cut it was... then she was really sweet and talkative.

He got jerk chicken and I got oxtail.  I've had plenty of oxtail before (in Spain, however) and this was different.  I had expected lots of engaging flavors since it was caribbean, but just found it plain.  I tried the jerk chicken and it, too, was plain considering it was 'jerk' flavored (spicy-sweet).  I did like the cabbage and had her load me up on that over the rice... which btw was white and not the caribbean rice & peas we've had before that is so flavorful.

They were out of goat (understandable) and out of rice and beans (not understandable.. it's a staple).

So, there it is... why I am listing it as a 3 star-experience (her friendliness pushed it to three, I might add)..

I am willing to try it again and see where it goes from there, but for now it's a 3.
When I first moved out here from the East Coast, I thought I hit the jackpot when I found out about the Hot Pot.  But over time, I find this place to not be so hot anymore.  It's a hit or miss every time I go there.  Sometimes the food hits the spot and other times, I wish I didn't spend my money there.  First and foremost, it's an insult to my taste buds when I experience those off days. Out here restaurant owners can get away with serving sub par food because there is no real competition. But back east, this restaurant would have gone out of business. 

As for my hubby, who had never eaten Jamaican food, his mouth waters when I mention the place.  I think whenever he does taste the real deal, he's going to be disappointed with Hot Pot.  These days, I order from there only when hubby makes me.  And I always get one plate to go.

And ditto on the not so friendly owner.
Amazing authentic caribbean food, my favorite jamaican beef patties , and the melt off the bone brown stew oxtail, w rice and peas
There is always interesting desserts like red velvet cake
A taste of home, right here in Arizona!
So, I had The Jerk Chicken, Rice and Peas With Plantains and a Beef Pattie. The Jerk Chicken had a good spice to it. I've Been here a few times before this places is pretty good I like the Jerk Chicken I also had The Curry Chicken and The Curry Goat was not a big fan of the Curry Dishes and I do like Curry. But the Patties and the Jerk Chicken I do recommend. The only thing In my mind about this place that is a downer is the prices 12+ and I didn't get full other then that it's a good place to check out. I will good back again
I had the Curry Goat and it was flavorful and tender! I will definitely be back.
I've tried to eat too many times at this place and can't seem to "love" it. The atmosphere is clean, quiet and I would suggest at least put some Jamaican songs in the background to attract flies. The only thing to me that is so so is the beef patty, but nothing beats New York...I can taste the difference. It's definitely not Golden Krust. I've had their jerk chicken with rice, again to me it tasted funny. I really don't think they're from the Eastcoast. So instead of complaining about it, I stopped going there period. I'll get to taste the real deal when i'm in Florida.
I'm updating my review of Hot Pot as I've had the curry goat a few times and I have to conclude that it is in fact 'the truth'!  Her curry friggin goat is so incredibly delicious that I just had to re-write my review.  My husband had the shrimp which he ate and went back THE SAME DAY for yet ANOTHER order to go for tomorrow!  Crazy delicious.  And she makes her plaintain in that super sweet creamy crunchy way.  Just too delicious.

Oh yeah, her coconut rum cake is also outrageously delicious.  Coconuty, rumy, creamy, moisty, deliciousy - all the 'eeeys'! 

If you want authentic and delicous Jamaican food, you have to go!

Update:  4/21/14
Then I had her Akees and salt fish, twice!  OMG!  It was a party in my mouth.  Just to scrumptious.  You've got to check it out.
Ox tail is pretty good & the jerk chicken has a nice flavor but the prices are a little expensive for what you get.  This place ain't no fancy dinner option...it's more like a good place to stop for a quick lunch.  

The portions are small for dinner but just right for lunch and the dinning room is comfortable and clean but pretty casual.

Food came up fast & the proprietor was helpful and friendly.

Worth a try if your looking for something new but repeat trips are not in my plans.
I love this place. Arizona is not know to usually have a lot of different types of cuisine. Usually it's a huge chain restaurant with mediocre food and service. Unfortunately mom n pop shops don't do so well. So when I find out that is absolutely delicious, I have to let people know and this is one of those places!

I've tried most of the dishes here but my favorite is the jerk chicken. Whatever marinade they use is so delicious and every time I come back to AZ, I have to go to this place. The people there are also very friendly. Im always greeted with a warm welcome and like to have conversations with their regulars.
Ummmm...

If you've lived in Jamaica, are from there  or related to someone who cooks real Jamaican cuisine, or have been to the Pork Pit in Montego Bay, or any other Jamaican restaurant off resort, east coast or Florida....you are going to be disappointed with this place. (With the exception of the patties...close)

If you just want to try Jamaican food, this restaurant will give you an idea of what island food is like.

As in Jamaica, the menu changes daily, and the prices aren't posted.  On our visit they were out of curry goat so I got curry chicken, plantain, and the beef patty.  It was all o.k. But nothing like "home".

The cashier was very polite, and it is similar to roadside cafes, small restaurants in Jamaica in decor and atmosphere.  Kind of sparse, but clean(er).

I've only seen two Jamaican restaurants since I've moved to AZ, this one and one in Tempe.  So kudos to them for surviving on consumer curiosity.
Love
This goat curry is the most delicious dish within miles.   It's, as most dishes are, a bit too salty for my tastes though.   Great music and friendly service.
First time I came here I ordered beef patties.  They didn't have any cooked so I bought them frozen. It was a bit of inconvenience but it was still good! 
Today I came once again no cooked beef patties and no frozen patties!! WTH!! Guess I'll find a new Caribbean restaurant.
I move from LA to the White suburbs of Gilbert, Arizona and BOOYA I find a Caribbean restaurant with curried goat and plantains! My fav since some college in Jamaica! The food is simple, reasonably priced, and spiced like the Caribbean Islands! Try it!
I definitely love jerk chicken - this is my third review of a restaurant serving jerk chicken. This restaurant is actually the closest to my house - just about a mile away, but I had never been there until I located it on the Yelp mobile app. 

The restaurant is located in a shopping center, right up front facing Arizona Avenue. Plenty of parking and good seating inside. They had reggae music playing and it was a comfortable environment while waiting. The woman behind the counter was very friendly and helpful. I ordered the jerk chicken to go. She said they also had homemade ginger beer, so I ordered one while waiting on the food. The drink was an immediate strong hit of ginger, but settled into a nice refreshing drink.

I ate the chicken when I got home. I ordered it with a side of plantains and rice/peas. She was just baking the plantains when I ordered. Those were the first bite, and they were wonderful! the rice was good, then I went for the chicken. Wow! It was the spiciest I have ever had. Two bites in and my nose was running and I had hiccups. I loved it. It was a good portion and I ate  every bit of it.

With this restaurant just down the street and my experience with my first order. I definitely will be back. It would be nice with the spacious seating and good music to sit back with a ginger beer, relax, and eat it there next time. I will definitely be back.
I thought we found a good place for great Jerk Chicken, well not this place. for about $10 dollars you get very dry, over cooked, over spicy no flavor chicken that was cut up so bad you had to really be careful eating because of small pieces of sharp chicken bones. then they had a side of veggies which consisted of bland shredded cabbage with shredded carrots, and most of the plate was filled with white rice clumped together with drops of more over spicy Jerk chicken sauce. I was really disappointed with the quality of the food and way to pricey. The customer service, she was nice, the cleanliness was excellent. Too bad about the food. Anyone know of a great Jerk Chicken please let me know.
This is a local place I been wanting to try for a while now. Phoned in an order of jerk chicken and curry goat since that's what most people have given good reviews. The service was nice and friendly. When arriving, the place was quaint, clean and nicely themed for the cuisine. 

The goat curry had really good flavor. However, it seemed like every other bite I chewed into a bone, and had to pick it out of my mouth. Not very pleasant. The jerk chicken was very dry and bland. The load of rice and side veggies were subpar fillers for a disappointing meal. I was really looking forward to finding a new local ethnic place. I am very surprised with the 4 and 5 star reviews.
I will tell you when I get that urge for oxtails, this place has the best east of the border lol.  The food has always been hot and the servings are good size, it will take you 2 settings to finish, but that is a good thing.  The wait is never too long and the staff is always polite, when we have went.
Seven of us had lunch here yesterday.   We actually found this place by accident.

Place was definitely colorful, clean and had a good vibe.  The woman working here was super nice and helpful.  I'm somewhat familiar with Jamaican food; however, most of my lunch companions were not.

I decided to try the jerk chicken.  Sounded like a safe bet.  It was tasty, well seasoned and the chicken was very succulent.  As side dishes I had red beans and rice, mixed sautéed vegetables.  The red beans and rice were really good.  The mixed veggies were okay, maybe not the best choice for my palate.  However, between the jerk chicken and the red beans/rice there was tons to eat.

In my group a couple of us tried the oxtails and the goat.  Someone chose the whole steamed fish which she truly enjoyed.  Bottom line - everyone enjoyed their lunch.

Will I eat here again? Yes.  I would like to try the patties and the steamed fish on my next visit.
My favorite place for jerk chicken and chicken curry, absolutely delicious! Small restaurant with an authentic atmosphere. Oh and they also use Crystal Clear Water, which is the best tasting water ever!
They offer the best lunch special with great choices! Their curried chicken have amazing flavors and portion sizes
I'm a big fan of Jamaican food, so when I moved to Kitchener I saw this place and was dying to try it. I've had it a couple of times now, and it's one of my favourite places to pick up a quick dinner on my way home.

I got the "small" curried chicken dinner both times, which comes with a large portion of rice and peas with the curried chicken poured over the whole thing. With that you also get a fried plantain (YUM) and a side salad. It's a lot of food, and that's just the small.

The flavour is good, but I like to put extra hot sauce on it to kick it up a bit more. I'm gonna have to try the other dishes soon!

The service is quick and efficient and the place looks clean inside. If you've never had Jamaican food before and are curious about it, this is a good place to go.
I've only tried a couple Caribbean places so I was anxious to try this one. The fact that its 30 seconds from my hotel was a real bonus. Cafeteria style service but the lady behind the counter was super friendly offering suggestions and offering to mix the mold and hot jerk sauce to give me medium. I had the small jerk chicken dinner with the soup. The server said try the soup its good and boy was it. A few tender peices of beef and just the right spice. The portion of rice with beans was very generous and the jerk chicken was perfect. Cooked just right and nice mix of spice with a bit of a hot burn at the end. I was definitely full but not overstuffed. They have a larg selection of drinks especially Caribbean ones and juices. I'd like to try the mango or other juice next time as its a good match with the spice. I went with a Ting grapefruit soda a favorite from my visit to Jamaica and it suited the meal well. 

Too bad I did not have room for a Jamaican patty or a  desert both looked good. . All total $14 for a great meal and a drink is very good value. The atmosphere is clean but not really much. It would have been nice to have at least some Caribbean music in the background. 

I will go back again.
Really good chicken curry. They also sell delicious flakey Jamaican patties and a variety of ethnic drinks- I recommend the pink Ting, which tastes like Fresca but obviously better.
Ellison Bistro was very unique.  The food and music have a interesting Jamaican feel.  The pumpkin/ butter nut squash soup I ordered was superb, but the main dish was disappointing.  The service was also incredibly slow.  I doubt I will visit here again.
Ellison's is fantastic. Don't go there if you are in hurry as Elvis(Ellison) the chef is all by himself in the kitchen making everything from scratch. The best Roti in town and a neat little place for carribean of any sort.
Ellison's is fantastic. Don't go there if you are in hurry as Elvis(Ellison) the chef is all by himself in the kitchen making everything from scratch. The best Roti in town and a neat little place for carribean of any sort.
The food is cooked to order. The service is glacially slow. 

The cook came out to greet us and ensure everyone was happy with their food. 

The waitress couldn't be bothered to come back and fill up our drinks. 

Price was ok, atmosphere wasn't bad either. This area of Kitchener was a little sketchy, but not bad.
this is still the best tasting jerk chicken I have had. The decor was weird, and service was weird, but it doesn't matter, the jerk chicken was good.
Don't go here if you're in a rush because the wait is horrendous! It's a two person team; wife is the waitress, husband is the cook.  The sad part is that the food is not even worth the wait!

If you must, try the jerk chicken as that sounds like the most popular item people order around us.  DO NOT order the veal!  It was tough and blend!
Was here for a closed dinner party. Fantastic food...loved the catfish, jerk chicken and curry goat.
Elvis is a really good cook! 

Whether it is gourmet jerk chicken or a customized salad for Vegetarians (with avocado, mangoes, green / red peppers); he knows how to throw down and make really healthy and delicious meal. 

If you are looking for a healthy, fresh and delicious place to eat in Kitchener, then would I highly recommend this place :)
We visited Ellison's for the first time and had an amazing meal with warm and very attentive service.  The Chef loved talking about the food and Jamaica and was a gracious host.  The jerk chicken was some of the best I have ever had and will be back for more.  The food was fresh and flavourful and nicely presented and reasonably priced. $13 for a half jerk chicken, rice and veg.  Desserts are made in house and very good with beautiful presentation.  We even purchased some of the Chef's jerk sauce which I will attempt at home.  He did warn me to wear gloves and use sparingly.  I recommend trying this restaurant, it might become one of my favourites.
The best Caribbean food in KW. I'm a big fan of the vegetable roti, and the jerk chicken is fantastic. Ellison himself will often meet at you in his little bistro just opposite the transit terminal. It's a wonderfully small, intimate place. I wouldn't show up with a larger group, but it's perfect for 1-4 people. Service is very polite, and at a reasonable speed, but don't expect fast food. Last time I heard he was offering cooking classes, and even bottles of his jerk sauce, which is fantastic on the bbq - ask for it!
Well we were standing outside the doors 10mins before they first opened...that's how excited we were for this place. After watching for months, we finally have a new restaurant in town with a little more attitude than Parlor or StFrancis. Hula's is aiming at the kick back & relax crowd which fits me specifically. Good food is only good if I can pair it with a great drink & Hula's doesn't disappoint. Really, this place is great.
To begin, the renovation is wonderful. On par with the other CenPho restoration projects of the past year - this one stands out by creating a period piece instead of going for a more modern style. There's a fire pit & plenty of outdoor seating along with a wonderfully decorated interior - all separated by some moving glass garage doors (like Postino). The best piece is their sliding table bench. It's hard to describe but a wonderful feat of engineering.
The appetizers were pretty great. The sweet potato fries will give Delux a run for their money & are savory & crispy. The cevice is served with some oversized wonton chips that have a great flavor. The cevice itself has a bit of spice to it thanks to the peppers.
The main dishes are a bit limited right now but the coconut chicken is simply delicious. With a sweet & spicy sauce over a perfectly cooked coconut-crusted chicken, this dish comes with rice & black beans. Really one of the better dishes I've had...plus, there was a lot of it. I had originally ordered the pork but had to steal the chicken from my wife. It was just too good.
For dessert we just had to try the key lime pie. Not only was it NOT some frozen green brick (like most places) but it was a whole mess of complex flavors that made it the best key lime pie I've ever had.
The servers were friendly & attentive. The owner came by & was receptive to input. The chefs were quick & the bar tender was heavy handed with a bomb Trader Vic MaiTai. Everything was great. Add to all of this the fact that it is on the LRT & I can't help but think I'll be spending a lot of time here.
Color me convinced.  When I first heard about the concept of a modern tiki restaurant, I was skeptical.  When I saw the early demo/renovations to the classic uptown building, while hanging out at neighboring Lola's, I was worried.  After stepping inside today, however,  I realized that my skepticism and worries were unwarranted. Hula's Modern Tiki is a great addition to the uptown dining and lounge scene. They have effortlessly matched an uptown modern vibe with a retro tiki kitsch.

The cocktail menu is quite extensive, with a lot of fun options, including Dr. Funk, served in a Fun Man Chu mug and the Tiki Bastard.  They also have a variety of bottle beers, including some choices from the Caribbean and Hawa'ii. Their food is all island inspired, with a hearty collection for seafood based appetizers (pupus) and mains, as well as some other island inspired selections, such as Duke's Luau Pork Plate.  Our food was well flavored, especially my wife's fish tacos.  On the down side, my pork was on the dry side.  To their credit, after mentioning this to the owner, Dana, he took 50% off the entree price).  The servers and staff,  were extremely friendly and attentive, perhaps a little too much so, although i chalk it up to opening night jitters and a full staff fort a less than full house. 

Give the cool vibe, great seafood and wide drink selection, Hula's Modern Tiki is set to become an uptown classic, especially as they work out a few remaining kinks in the kitchen.  As you begin migrating out to the patios with the cooler weather, be sure to stop by Hula's-- it's patio, complete with fire pit is a great place to hang out over a cocktail or two, or even more,  given its proximately to the light rail.
My sister and I were actually planning on trying out St. Francis down the street, but upon driving up, discovered it is closed on Mondays! So, we headed down the street to Hula's to check out their soft opening.  I had walked over there earlier to check it out and grab a menu and everyone was so friendly, so I suggested to my sister we eat there.  

They were only offering a limited menu for their soft opening, but this menu along with the regular menu which offers about three times as many delicious menu options were both fabulous! 

We decided to sit on their patio, which despite the large fire pit in the middle was remarkably cool for a summer night! The atmosphere was great - nice and quiet yet you still feel like you're somewhere happening and trendy.  It actually kind of felt like we were eating in a trendy part of LA.  The staff was all very friendly, and our service was prompt and pretty efficient.  They goofed with the food they brought to our table twice, but it did not affect our dining experience at all, as the food was still brought out within 15 minutes or so.  This was pretty impressive for their first night.  

Now on to the food ....  soooo good! We started with the seared ahi wontons, which were pieces of fresh ahi tuna atop a crisp wonton and served with a wasabi sour cream/green onion garnish - perfect combination of flavors.  Both my sister and I said we would order this again as a meal.  We shared a lemongrass encrusted ono, which came with rice and a cabbage slaw.  This was also a perfect combination of flavors.  The portion was fairly large, too, so it was a great dish to share - we even were able to take home some leftovers.  The one comment my sister had was that she would order the sauce on the side next time because it was kind of rich, but I was pretty happy with it.  We did not order any alcoholic beverages, so I cannot comment on those, but from the looks of the drink menu and all of the people around us ordering drinks, they seem to be pretty good! I had their passion fruit iced tea, and it was so good I asked for some to go.  

I give this place four stars not five because of a small snafu ... I brought the leftovers (which the server packaged for us in a container she labeled with the contents and the date), and while my boyfriend was eating them just minutes later, he found a short black hair in the dish .... Kinda gross but hoping it was just an off moment for them because I still cannot wait to go back and try some other menu items like the Thai Chicken bowl and the shrimp tacos!
I am so excited to have yet another awesome hot-spot added to the Phoenix restaurant scene.  I've been watching the renovations of this building for a while now and read the blog of all the fantastic things they have done inside the place, so I was waiting at the door 10 minutes before they opened.  Needless to say, I was pumped to finally eat here.

We were welcomed in a little bit before open time by Dana, the owner, who is a really awesome guy and his enthusiasm and excitement is truly infectious.  You can tell that this is his baby and he is so proud.  We were given menus which are minimized for the time being, but there are still a ton of stellar selections on there.

For a starter we chose the sweet potato fries and they were excellent.  They were not too sweet and had a fantastic texture.  Crispy on the outside and slightly soft on the inside made for a pretty addictive pre meal snack.  Next up was the ceviche, which was actually brought out complimentary by the chef.  I've never had ceviche before, but if this is what it all tastes like, I love it!  The fish was lovely and had a nice firm texture and the spices/peppers added a great bold flavor while the coconut milk mellowed it out a bit.  My dinner entree was the Cocojoe's Coconut Chicken Plate and it was delicious!  There were two huge, flattened pieces of chicken totally covered and crusted in coconut.  It was also slightly covered in a deliciously spicy and slightly sweet lilikoi sauce.  I loved it, but my husband loved it more, so I let him have it and I traded him.  Now I had the pork plate which was also delicious.  The pork was tender and the pineapple/soy bbq type sauce was addictive!  There were also chunks of pineapple which was a nice addition.  The coleslaw it came with was actually a great stand-alone side.  It had a tangy buttermilk base with just the right amount of pepper.  For dessert we got the key lime pie.  It was amazing.  It was so tangy, smooth, and creamy.  It was simply unbelievable, and unlike any key lime pie you have ever had.

I adore this place.  I'm truly in love.  I will be back here many many times.  I cannot wait till the weather is perfect for relaxing on the patio and sitting around the really cool firepit.  Obviously, I was impressed with this place.  The architecture and reuse of the building is wonderful.  The laid back/island atmosphere of this restaurant is a true winner that will be bringing in the people for a very long time.
I give this place 3 stars b/c I think there's room for improvement, and there's no doubt that the owner, Dana who came by our table and earnestly asked for unabashed feedback will take our gentle critiques to heart. Our waitress was also very kind and attentive.

We ordered the ahi tuna wonton appetizer.  It was difficult to eat, and sort of flavorless.  I hate adding salt to things, but everyone at the table agreed that a little bit of salt really brought out the flavors.  

The ginger brew soda, should probably be called the honey brew soda with a twist of ginger made with Winnie the Pooh in mind. I didn't try the cocktails, but another friend who was dining at a nearby table said that the cocktails were the only thing she liked about the menu.  She ordered the pork, and from what I hear that's not hitting any home runs.

I ordered the halibut, that was accompanied with a scoop of hearty, plump rice and a slaw salad that added the perfect texture and flavor to the entree.  I really enjoyed my dish.  I'm no foodie, I just like a yummy meal, so it satisfied my simple requirements.  With that said, it could have been on the lighter side.  The Halibut has a cream based sauce, and the slaw was quite creamy as well.  If they subtract a little cream out of one of those items, I think that would strike a better balance.

The sliced steak with wasabi mashed potatoes came in 2nd place.  The texture of the meat was perfect, and the presentation was very nice.  However the flavor of the steak did not wow me.  With that said, the wasabi mashed potatoes were pretty kick-ass.

The chicken something or other with plantains and the same rice that came with the fish, was really meh.  It was overly sweetened, and the meat was dry.  

I should mention that they have tofu tacos for the veggies of the world.

The building has great bones... they don't make em' like that anymore.  There are interior design choices that aren't my fav (generic upholstery, too much tiki kitsch memorabilia), but all and all they've done a great job.  The patio definitely needs some trees in some large planters, or some way to creatively incorporate more greenery (see Parlor).  It has too much of a concrete jungle feel to it out there... not very welcoming.  The bathrooms sort of felt like the old Bahama Breeze place, but I'm probably being too harsh. 

I think this place is gonna get better and better, ESPECIALLY WHEN THEY DECIDE TO ADD A CHOCOLATE DESSERT.
Screw you, Hula's. As if Spouse and I aren't alcoholics enough, you have to go and open one of the funnest (that's right, I say funnest) restaurants in Central Phoenix, fill the menu with phenomenal island drinks, and plop the whole thing within stumbling distance of our home. Our livers are on you, buddy.

It takes a lot to impress a professional boozer (that's a lie, but let's move on). That Mai Tai I had last night tasted better than the ones I had in Hawaii. And can I just say how refreshing it is to finally get some fruity options (because I am a huge fruit) rather than the same ol' margarita and martini variations served at every other restaurant in town. Not that I don't live for margaritas and martinis. Let's be honest, I'd drink mouthwash if the bartender poured it in a glass, mixed it with grenadine, and served it to me.

Where was I?

Oh, there's food too. Loved the sweet potato fries. Loved the Hula burger with sauteed onions. Loved, loved, loved Spouse's coconut chicken thingie. I am so ordering that next time because he refused to share. So stingy. BTW, I love that they have a Pupus menu (that's Hawaiian for appetizers) because I am a child (teehee, I said Pupus).

Speaking of next time, we're going back this weekend. Bringing a bunch of friends to hang with on Hula's groovy new patio. And I'm ordering about 17 more Mai Tais. If Hula's could go ahead and place an AA phone number on the drink menu, I'd appreciate it.
First part of the review has nothing to do with the food.  They took a long vacant building in the middle of an easy-to-miss strip mall and helped transform it into a architecturally significant restaurant which in turn attracted a modern set of proprietors.  The outdoor seating within the translucent fencing is perfect for the cooler months and the oversize firepit and tiki statue set a nice island vibe.  The inside of the original building is set up to show off the giant six sided window that now shows off the light rail as well as the church across the street.  The 20+ft vaulted ceiling is impressive and that allows there to be vintage surf videos projected on the opposite wall from the window. They take requests too. Blue Hawaii with Elvis was on during our visit.  Stained concrete floors, glass tile backsplashes, and stainless steel wrapped entryways are some of the modern touches while the vast and original collection of 60s period and surf memorabilia remind you that this is an island restaurant too.  The addition on to the original structure is where the majority of the dining area and has a unique i-beam table system where you can slide table tops along the top of the beam to transform from a table for 2 to a table for 8 in a flash.  Very creative.  The last and best feature is the garage doors that open up the bar and seating areas to our beautiful climate (most of the year).  We got there around 6 when the A/C was turned on, but once the sun was down and it cooled off, the doors were all opened and patrons all cheered!  Good concept that has become more popular especially with local restaurants that are willing to be a little more adventurous with their design, like Postino's and Vig.

We sat at the bar for almost three hours which not only gave us a change to order a half dozen appetizers and an entree, but we got to talk to a rotation of different patrons that ordered drinks and appetizers.  The had a limited menu for opening night, but it seemed like enough to choose from.  There is a good selection of wine and beer, but we thought it most appropriate to go for the specialty island drinks that they've been making for years at their California tiki restaurants.  Our favorites were the Ahi Poke with seaweed, shrimp rolls, and the Wasabi Crusted Ahi with Wasabi mashed potatoes for an entree.  Everything was very fresh, tasted great, and was priced reasonably.  Bar neighbors to our left and right tried the Hula burger, pork tenderloin, dumplings and all had good reviews.  I don't think that I would ever visit Hula's without ordering the Poke Ahi appetizer though.  

I was a little skeptical on the combination of a Tiki and contemporary concept, but they comfortably coexist in a clean-lined mid-century modern way.  They're shooting for "Houston's" type of service and I think that they're on their way.  We're looking forward to working through the rest of the menu soon.  I'm glad to see how the Central Corridor is really livening up and there are a number of restaurants and bars to walk to from Hula's location.  Easy stop on the light rail, or what we hope will be popular is the extra large space for bicycle parking along the side of the restaurant.
I didn't really "get it".
I was expecting more Island style food, or more adventurous treats.

*  Bar was great.
*  Tuna Poke thing was fantastic.
*  Cajun burger was terrific, but the bun was too dense and troublesome.
*  Chicken CocoaJoe was a bust.  Chicken a little dry and under-seasoned, rice and beans were bland (needs a giant ham-hock and about 3 more days).  The Plaintain was overflavored, but underseasoned (they don't neem much more than salt and time).

Awesome location.
Menu will expand I am sure.
Repaint the bathroom please.
I love the location - Mr. K calls it uptown and that sounds about right.  Anyway, I love that uptown is getting more places around to hang out at night, and some that are actually hip!
I also love the decor - simple, yet modern, and with a few island-style pieces, of course.  Best thing is the big patio with fire pit, the indoor/outdoor seating, and the huge long community tables.
We did not eat, so I can't comment on the food, but the island drinks were definitely good.  They have a decent selection of beers and prices on both beers and cocktails are GREAT!  $4 for Hinano, $6.50 for mai-tais, etc.  I have paid upwards of $14 for drinks like that...
Service was great - multiple waitresses coming by to ask if we're doing ok, need a refill, etc.
Only negative, which I expect/hope will change, was that it was not at all packed at 11 on a Saturday night.  Uptown doesn't need dinner places, it needs bars!
Side note:  if it was packed, I think parking would be a little tight (but then again, it's right next to the light rail, so you could just train there!)
New. Hip. Fun. The food is very good, flavorful and interesting. Cocktails match the theme nicely and are well constructed. Wine list is a bit below average, but probably a good edit for the audience. The remodel on this old eyesore of a building is nothing short of fantastic and the mid-century-inspired decor is expensive and cool. The ample outdoor seating will bring much needed buzz to the Central / midtown area. And parking should continue to be a breeze.

Now the restaurant is new, so we have to be a bit understanding while the staff gets up to speed and the logistics get worked out. For instance, with only a few wines on the wine list - the staff really should be able to recommend something. "I've not tried any of the wines" isn't going to help instill confidence in the menu. And we couldn't sit on the patio at 8:30pm on a Saturday (with 3 open tables) because the waiter for that section was going home. Huh? We hung around and asked a few mintues later and were seated on the patio - evidently the tables did open up after all. Not sure what that was all about...

But the menu is creative and fun. The blackened Ahi Tuna with wasabi mash and salad was most excellent - even with the silly Sara Lee-style sauce application. Ceviche was prefect. Cocktails were nice as well. 

Like other Phoenix area veterans of hip and social restaurant/bars (Postino, AZ88, Kona Grill, Bomberos), Hulas, with it's wonderful mid-town location, will be a hit as much or more for their crowd as their food.
Having met some of the owners before it opened, I really wanted to love this place. The location is perfect, the concept is fun, the atmosphere is exciting, and the decor is wonderful.

But now that the head chef has gone back to the originals back in California, the place is a train wreck.

They started off on the wrong foot by sending out the worst $12 hurricane I've ever had. For a signature drink, I expected... something. Not a glass of ice. With a little juice and the most unbalanced, disgusting mix of rum I've ever tasted.

The blackened fish sandwich they sent out had raw spots. Pink, squishy, a little cold. Whoever made it had no idea how to sear a fish.

The pulled pork was perfectly caramelized, really just amazing. But it was buried under a slaw that may have come from an inspired recipe, but was atrociously executed. It was completely inedible, and it ruined the pork as well.

The sweet potato fries were nice to munch on, but they were served with "Hula sauce," which our waiter accurately compared to In-n-Out's special sauce: Ketchup and mayonnaise. 

After spending $40, we sent back most of our food and left hungry.
I am torn on this place.  We went last Saturday night and were excited to try it. We've been watching the transformation of the old building shell and now it has turned into a very comfortable place to have a cocktail.  That being said, that's probably all I would do here.  The food was less than exciting.  

When we arrived we noticed seating on the patio was sparse.  It wasn't very busy at all, yet all the seating outside was taken and no one was sitting inside.  They seem big on the "Community Seating" too which I find a waste because there will no doubt be chairs unused because people won't want to sit next to others. 

I had a hamburger and it was Ok, but to be honest Mazies just up the block has a MUCH better burger.  

Our waitress was a little on the clueless side. She didn't know what was in some of the dishes. She couldn't recommend food to us.  At the end she just asked "Do you want desert?"  I though, Umm not really but what is it?  If you told me what it was, I might be more tempted. 

The drinks were VERY good.  Typically at restaurants they give you the watered down version of signature drinks but these really did have a good kick to them.  I had the Mai Tai and I totally recommend it!   Others at our table enjoyed their drinks as well.  

Ambiance / Decor: A
Drinks: A+
Food: C-
Service: D 
(except the manager did stop by our table a couple of times)
I have had two meals here and have had most of the appetizers on the menu, I think everything was well done, the food was great! Try the shredded pork BBQ tacos!! YUMMY!!! Omg the Shrimp egg roll to die for, NO JOKE! I had the Tiki Bastard cocktail very tasty also had the Pain KIller which had a little too much ice, but it was good, I feel the atmosphere is very laid back and the service was really good we had a large group and Misty our server was on it! 
I do like that the menu is on the smaller and uncomplicated side, the decor is fun and the big screen with classic movies A WINNER!! The fire pit is a welcoming sign of fall in Arizona, I like this place, it will get better and better I am sure of it! 
I cant forget to mention the prices for the quality of the food and great service the prices are very low,try it!!
After a long day and a longer week, I agreed to fetch the BFF from the airport in exchange for dinner.  We initially decided on Maizie's, but when the entire lot at the Landmark was full, we circled around to the adjacent complex and decided to try Hula's instead.  The patio was full, but we were immediately seated inside.  Our waitress Victoria was quite charming and gave us plenty of time to look over the menu while we chatted.  After a few minutes, he decided on a beer and I asked for a passion fruit iced tea and the Zombie - a delightful combination of rum and fruit juices.

After we ordered, we sat back and enjoyed the ambiance.  The indoor seating area was empty, but a group of four was seated beside us.  I wasn't sure about the close seating with connected tabletops, but it really wasn't so bad, even when a group of four was seated right beside us.  I excused myself to use the restroom and was happy to see it was clean and non-smelly.

A short while later, our meals arrived.  We both ordered burgers - his was beef and had mushrooms and mine was Ahi, and of course, we both ordered the sweet potato fries.  Unfortunately, they were undercooked!  We let our waitress know, and she took our plated after apologizing.  She returned minutes later with our burgers and a promise of a fresh basket of fries for us to share.  The fresh batch of fries was much better - hot, crispy on the outside, and perfectly cooked on the inside.  I think Mazie's are better, but these were definitely good.  Our burgers were each served on really nice, thick buns with sesame seeds.  I can't speak for my friend's meal, but my burger was wonderful!  I asked for no slaw and the sun-dried tomato pesto aioli on the side.  The aioli had a really nice flavor and tasted great on the burger.  The ground tuna seemed to have been combined with diced serranos which gave it a really, really nice flavor and a bit of heat.

Despite being stuffed, we each finished our meals and sat talking for a long while after.  Our waitress was super-attentive and kept the iced tea and water refills coming steadily.  Nice surprise: after the bill was paid, she brought us an order of shrimp rolls.  She said it was an incorrect order but wanted us to have them since we were so great.  I'm not a fan of shrimp, but the rolls looked and smelled delicious.  I tried some (sans shrimp) and loved the flavor of the toasted coconut flakes and the really great pineapple dipping sauce.

I am very much looking forward to returning to Hula's again and again.  Lunch service will begin on November 1, which seems too far away.  Great service, great food, great ambiance - love it!
A group of us stopped in here on a Friday night, because we had heard it was finally open and wanted to see what it was all about. We all love retro type places and things, so the idea of a new tiki bar was kind of exciting! 

Alas....it just wasn't a very good experience, even though our server was trying really hard to make it right. I would give him personally 5 stars for that. But it was just boring. I wanted it to be different, I guess. I know that the owners have worked really hard, and I can appreciate that very much. A lot of time and thought went into the decor, and it shows, if you like the watered down idea of tiki. (I liked the artwork.) There was just no....soul. When I think of tiki, I see over the top. It just seemed like another bland contemporary place to drink. Maybe if I was a young hipster I would have enjoyed it better. I asked for a daiquiri but they apparently don't do blended drinks. At a TIKI bar they don't?! I was amazed. Then they couldn't get my other drink choice right so the bartender sent a mystery drink over but didn't tell me or the server what it was. I didn't like it, and I didn't really appreciate just being thrown something randomly. I always carry the recipe for my drink with me, and even with that the bartender couldn't get it right. Also, the water we were served tasted terrible and had floaty things in it. I have very specific taste and I do know this, but I was really hoping for something better. None of us wanted to come back.
So happy about this addition to my 'hood!   Beautiful renovation of a long-neglected architecturally unique (odd?) building on Central.   Things are a 'happenin' Uptown! 

Had such a nice experience with our table of 7 - which turned into 8 - wait - now we have 9 - on First Friday no less!    Staff was completely accommodating to us, friendly, upbeat, fun.  The owner Dana stopped by and chatted, making sure we were having a good time. Food was great, we shared everything.   Weather was perfect for the patio.

Ahh... these are the times, this is why we live here.
Just because the server will take back a poorly mixed drink or charred beans doesn't make it a good place to eat and drink.  The food at Hula's needs to be good and consistent, not just returnable.

On a Saturday night, four of us hit Hula's at 6pm.  What's so striking when you enter is how open the bar and dining room are to the patio, which needs a few more tables and chairs, I'd say.  Central Phoenix enthusiasts love a good adaptive reuse project, and the one at Hula's, especially because of the preservation of the impressive and large hexagonal window, puts it in the same category as Postino Central and St. Francis as far as an amateur's view of architectural renovations.

We started by sharing the sweet potato fries, which are on-par with Maizie's and even those at Delux.  They were crisp, evenly cut, and intensely creamy and sweet.

After this, though, it was downhill.  Though my companions enjoyed their drinks, my Zombie, served in a tall opaque glass with a mustachioed character who looked a lot like me, was poorly mixed, lacking lime juice, and faintly soap-tasting.  The server gave me a couple minutes to weigh the drink's future, and after agreeing to suffer through it, I changed my mind and sent it back.  (The Zombie would later still appear on the bill.)  The Dark & Stormy I ordered in its place, with dark rum and ginger beer, was drinkable, but inferior to the drink of the same name at St. Francis, which, for $2 more, tastes $4 better.  I think it's in the quality of the ginger beer.

My friend's fishcakes were mostly overcooked and had to be cut with a knife, like chicken.  The ceviche, though palatable, my other friend said, appeared dry and haphazardly plated with some giant tortilla chips.

As the lone veggie in the bunch, I ordered the Spicy Tofu Tacos, which come with a spicy chili sauce and a side of rice and black beans.  Though the food came out of the kitchen quickly -- 12 minutes or so -- I wish it hadn't.  The tofu, a recently unpackaged watery brick no doubt, was merely sliced, warmed (not grilled or fried or marinated over night), and dusted with chili powder; therefore, the tofu was tasteless.  The tacos were double-wrapped in flour tortillas, which created a thick, awkward mouthfeel, so I just used one of the tortillas on each of my two tacos.  But the most disappointing part of the meal was the rice and beans, which are hard to screw up.  The black beans were so badly burned in the pot that even their juices saturated the scoop of rice with their charred, charcoal (bad) smoke flavor.  I mentioned this to the server, and she later would deduct half of the plate's $11 price (though the extra Zombie remained on the ticket).

We passed on dessert and went to St. Francis and later Fez for drinks.

Hula's would be a great happy hour spot on the patio if it offers consistent drinks and some happy hour food specials.  Two stars for potential, and I will try once more.  As it stands now, though, an accommodating server cannot compensate for an inconsistent bartender, burned beans, and uninventive vegetarian options.

note: I am totally aware that restaurants don't have to cater to my or other people's various dietary preferences (i.e., vegetarians and vegans), and that I choose to go to these restaurants.  I just want some rice and beans to rely on.
I decided to try Hula's last evening after work. The pricing was appropriate. The interior and service were pretty good. And the food was excellent. 

B/c I think of fish (or pork) when I recollect my experiences of Hawaii, I went all fish and ordered the Poke and the Coconut Hapu. I also helped myself to a Mai Thai. 

The Poke was excellent. I really liked the mixture of macadamia and avocado. On top of that, the Ahi seemed pretty fresh. I like sesame oil, and it is abundantly noticeable. If you don't like it, tell your waiter to keep it light.

The Coconut Hapu also was good. I mis-ordered b/c the tangy sweet flavors were a little much for me. I wiped aside a 1/3 of the saucey coating and mixed the rest into my rice to drown it out a little. It's not that I dislike tangy and sweet, but I find restaurants tend to oversweeten their dishes, at least to my standards... I should've recognized when I read 'lilikoi' in the description. My bad... Regardless, the fish was good. 

And on to the Mai Tai. It was a stiffy. I'm a lightweight, so I had a strong buzz going by the end of dinner. The surf video was nuts!!! Perfect for an individual by himself to keep entertained. I'd seen the one from last evening before, but I rarely just sit and watch for a full hour. 

Check the place out. I left very happy. The bill came out to just over $30 with tip. I definitely will return to tackle the rest of the menu...



In case you're wondering what I had against the only 'pretty good' decor. I felt there were too many different materials and patterns in use throughout the restaurant. I was staring at the tile patterns, the red 2-D star-layered pendant lights, the wood finished walls, then at the different style wooden door, the bar countertop (i liked this alot), at the ceilings, at the white tables, and at the blue translucent outdoor partitions. The restaurant's finishing touches fit the MCM era, but I wish it were simpler. This is a little ridiculously critical I realize. Don't get me wrong, it works out well. Overall, I like it. I'm just being an *sshole. 

Out of 10 (10 being the best, 5 average)
Decor: 8.5
Food: 5.5
Service: 8
With the unfortunate number of terrible experiences I've been having that have led to recent 1 and 2 star reviews, I'm glad Hula's provided a decent experience.  I've been here twice and had a crappy experience (the 4th day they were open, so I was willing to forgive) and a pretty good experience a week and a half later.  I've had just about everything they offer, so to sum up:

- Cool atmosphere, as noted by everyone else.  Open late, serves food late, and is relatively cheap

- There is nothing authentically Hawaiian about anything they serve here.  It's as authentic Hawaiian as Fez is authentic Middle Eastern.  That's not a bad thing, lord knows I love Fez and have enjoyed Hula's, it's just a fact you need to know in order to have a proper expectation of the food.  You're not going to get a fine Hawaiian culinary experience here.  I like Roy's for that ;-)

- The food in general is good-not-great.  
   - Favorite dishes - shrimp roll and poke apps, macadamia crusted mahi and teriyaki ono (or is it teriyaki hapu?).  
   - Decent dishes - The ceviche is ok, it's a fish ceviche which I'm normally not crazy about.  The pulled pork dishes are underwhelming but ok.  The sweet potato fries were mushy on the first visit (bleck) but nice and crispy the second, so it's going in the "decent" category
   - Least favorite dishes - the steak was a 9oz piece of gristle, bleck!  The fried plantains were also pretty gross, I was really hoping for plantain chips but these were just mushy burnt blobs of plantain.

- The specialty drinks are all VERY SWEET...but VERY STRONG.  I forget the names of the ones I preferred.  We also had a volcano bowl which is, as previously noted, very sweet and strong.  The best drink they offer isn't even on the menu though - they stock Absolut Boston which is a black tea infused vodka.  My friends and I always order it with lemonade and have a delicious, strong Arnold Palmer.

- The service is hit and miss.  The food generally comes out of the kitchen very quickly.  But some of the servers are flakes.  Feh, not a big deal.

All in all, I'm glad to have this new edition to the CenPho light rail area.  Adds another good option to my regular haunts of Fez, Maizies, Postino, and Cheuvront.
This place look awesome...from the abandoned building to this...amazing!!  The ambience is fun and there is alot of eye candy...but that is where the good ends and the not so good starts. 

 I was there with a couple friends on  a Saturday night and we had a few dishes including the Ono Fish and the Pulled Pork.

The Ono Fish was decently cooked, but slightly overdone.  The sides that came with the entree included the wasabi mash which was best dish overall that I had all night.
The Pulled Pork was flavorful but not memorable.

I know you are reading this and wondering...so what's so bad about this place that lead to the 3 star review??

It was just okay...besides the atmospere, the food menu was too casual.  It just does not fit what I was experiencing visually.  There was nothing horrible about the food, but there was nothing worth coming back for.  
For many people, the food will they serve here will do...I just expect more for central phoenix.
I am a fan of all things Tiki - that's JUST how classy I am. After discovering Hula's during an accidental drive-by, I decided to give this place a whirl for happy hour after work on Friday night. Pulled up about 6pm with 6 of my closest friends, and was able to park easily in the attached parking lot - an unexpected surprise. The place looks very cool from the outside, and I thought the inside was Tiki-inspired enough to be fun, but not offensively cheezy. There is a large open patio area with a few tables - seemed more for casual cocktail seating, but there were also a couple of large tables out there with big groups of people. They could probably pack in a few more tables out on the patio, 'specially now that the weather is perfect for sipping umbrella-style drinks outside. I didn't get a chance to try the food, but a friend I was with gave high marks. I tried three of the fruity concoctions on the drink menu - 2 out of 3 were yummy, especially the Mai Tai, but the blood orange martini still needs some work. Not bad, just not exceptional. I didn't see any type of happy hour specials, but the prices were OK - about $7 per girly drink. Bartenders were great at suggesting drinks and were very friendly. By about 8, the bar crowd had really thinned out which was disappointing, but I'm hoping that won't be the case much longer as more people discover it. I'm looking forward to heading back.
I went to Hula's Modern Tiki with my partner.  We were surprised with the renovations and the cool additions to this unique old building.  We decided to sit outside on the patio next to the fire pit.  The weather was beautiful.  It was a perfect night.  The garage door walls were open so the entire restaurant was exposed.  It made for a great setting.

I ordered a Blood Orange Martini to start the evening.  It was juicy goodness and I couldn't taste the alcohol which means it is probably lethal. 

We ordered a couple of appetizers, the Seaweed Salad which was tasty and the Poke which was great.  It was great because the order comes with a ton of sashimi.  The avocados and the other fixings were blended perfectly.  I fogot I was eating raw fish.  Order the Poke.

For our main dishes, my partner ordered Pan Fried Hapu.  He ate the fish then nudged the salad and the rice and bean around his plate.  He wasn't happy.  I ordered the Shrimp Tacos with rice and black beans and a side of Plantains.  The tacos were good, very nice.  The rice and beans were bland.  Which is okay for me when it comes to rice and beans.  The Plantains were awesome.  Delicious.

For dessert I ordered the Banana coconut creme pie.  In a word, "Heaven"

Hula's creates a nice atmosphere.  I am giving it three stars because I wasn't blown away.  I will be back and may update my review.  I would like to give it four stars one day.
Wow, they make a super good cocktail here. Have not tried the food yet but we will be back for dinner. Love the renovated building, makes me feel like I am in Hawaii. No wall between me and the great outdoors.
'Meh...I've Experienced Better'

That is the perfect way to describe my experience at Hula. After reading the other reviews, I had the distinct impression that Hula was the kind of place that screws stuff up but is very nice about apologizing for it. That is exactly what happened to us.

I went to Hula after work on Friday with a couple of friends. I wasn't feeling too adventurous or particularly hungry, so I ordered the green salad. What I got was a soaked bowl of lettuce mix peppered with chinese buffet-style wontons. Yuck. My friend pointed out that he has an egg allergy, but the server brought out a dish with cole slaw, then took it back after he pointed out that cole slaw contains egg. The server then brought out the same dish without cole slaw, but with aioli. After pointing out that aioli contains eggs as well, the server finally brought out the dish without eggs. She was very apologetic, but it just validated the experiences of everyone else on Yelp....they work hard to correct things, but they should just get it right in the first place.

I do give them full props for the remodel of the space though, the building is beautiful.
We went back for dinner. Fun night out!  We tried the Jerk chicken, Jerk pork, black bean burger and fish tacos. Everything was tasty. Loved my Zombie and the hubby had a One-eyed Pirate, delish. Lovely island atmosphere, I love what they have done with this building. Great all over experience. We shall return to our island in the desert again soon.
The central Phoenix corridor has seen an explosion of new restaurants over the past year. Hula's is one of the most recent additions having opened last month. In terms of location and venue, nothing could be better. Located right on Central Ave near a light rail stop in a newly renovated building, Hula's has excellent street appeal. Not to mention a great indoor/outdoor dining area and patio that is perfect for the October to April Phoenix weather. However, I feel that if Hula's does not work hard to rectify some less than favorable first impressions, Hula's may not make it until May.

Let me be clear that I have only dined there once so far, and while my personal experience would not prevent me from returning, my dining companions from that night are likely not to return. When it takes three times to get a dish correct based on the initial order, there is either a communication issue between the server and the kitchen, or the server has not been properly trained or have the experience with various food-related allergies that can be life threatening to an individual. If you read the other Yelp reviews, you'll see a similar pattern where diners received meals that were not prepared to their specification. Our server was very friendly and apologetic, and ultimately the meal was served properly, but it is first experiences like this that will kill a restaurant.

That said, both my food and drink were good. I ordered the mahi tuna burger with fries. The filet of tuna was a little too large to eat the burger comfortably with my hands, so I resorted to a knife and fork; no big deal. The portion/price ratio was on the spot, so I don't feel like I overpaid. Our server was polite, attentive, and courteous, so no complaints there. I plan to dine there again in the near future, but I hope the owners are reading Yelp to see the areas of opportunity for their business. First impressions are lasting impressions, and diners these days are more finicky than ever.
Modern Tiki is a pretty good way to describe this place. Big windows, very open, beachy deco feel. 

The first thing you will notice is the huge patio with the fire pit in the middle, so nice! Especially this time of year in Phoenix, it's great to sit outside. Also for those of you nonsmokers you wont have to fight for clean air, as the smoking section is separate around the corner. 

They have some pretty delicious drinks, very decently priced as well. I had their Pink Bikini, vodka infused pineapple and watermelon, pretty dangerous. My friend had the Blood Orange that was very good as well. We had a few appetizers from their late night menu, which is served until midnight or so. They take a fun different twist on modern/normal bar aps. We had the fish cakes, similar to a crab cake, but way better! And their calamari, which was fantastic. 

I can't wait to go back!
I have been to Hula's three times now. Third time's the charm I guess, which is why I'm finally taking the time to write this review. Most people feel more inspired to yelp when something in their experience goes terribly wrong, however, I am compelled when something is exceptionally right. (third visit) I'll tell you about the first two so you understand even more why I decided to finally yelp for the first time.

First visit-Met a friend for a drink at the bar. It was kind of early, one bartender was busy cutting fruit but she seemed nice and smiley. The guy bartender that helped us was a dud. No personality, no recommendations and had a great opportunity to up sell our ticket but missed out. We called him Dopey from the 7 dwarfs. Strike one. 

Second visit-My spouse and I decided to grab dinner. It was last Tuesday night. The place was pretty slow, we stood up front waiting to be sat....when the hostess finally walked up she seemed clueless and irritated, like we were interrupting her bathroom break or something. (not a great first impression) Our server brought us waters then disappeared for about 20 minutes. By the time he returned we decided to forget the cocktails and just order dinner because we were hungry. We shared two meals, both were ok, but just OK. Spouse wanted dessert but the magician server who kept vanishing appeared with the check after our water glasses were empty and our dirty plates had been sitting in front of us for way too long. (understandable from Denny's or IHop but not a place like this) We paid,left and went to Lux instead of trying to get a dessert menu. Strike two.

Third visit-Finally something good to say. After experiences 1 and 2 I didn't care if I ever returned to Hula's but a coworker tricked me and there I was again. (too polite to refuse my coworker after I realized his choice for dinner) This time it was after a long day, I was slightly grouchy and definitely not expecting much after the last two adventures. We were greeted immediately by a smiling server. (she even opened the door for us) She sat us, showed us the "signature" drink menu and a "Tiki Time" menu. She said if we had any questions she would be happy to assist and she would return with ice water. We noticed she had several other tables that were spread throughout the restaurant but sure enough she quickly returned with water, a smile and her genuine bubbly personality (those of you who have had fake-nice service know what I mean, we can tell the difference between the two) She recommended drinks that were on happy hour so we saved money, not wasted it and told us her favorite appetizers that were sure to please for five bucks. When I asked about the beers she told me about the draft and bottle selection. I've never heard of Longboard or Drifter, she described them and even offered me samples! This chick is awesome. She recommended the Tiki Bastard to my coworker, she asked first if he liked ginger because there is ginger brew in it, he does and he loved the drink. (she is smart for asking because if he didn't like ginger, this drink would not be for him) The apps came out quickly and we had everything we needed to enjoy our time. She never made us feel rushed to decide on entrees and she was attentive but not annoying because we were, of course, talking about work. She provided excellent service throughout the entire experience and because of her we will be back. She made a lasting impression on both of us and turned my sour mood very sweet. By the way, her name is Tia. I was so impressed with the service I wonder why she wastes her customer service talent in food service but I'm sure I'm not the only guy that has tipped her more than 20 percent so it makes sense. 

Other notes:
The building is awesome, modern mixed with some vintage decor. 
Very reasonably priced.
Not sure about the music choice. 
Old videos play on the wall from a projector.
Neat fire pit on the patio.
Service sucks unless you ask for Miss Tia.
I stopped by Hula's for dinner last evening after finding that the Breadfruit, Lola, and Pizzeria Bianco are closed on Sundays. wtf. Damn it.

My waitress was attentive. My drink was stiff like last time. And my fish again was so so... This time I ordered the macadamia fish served with a white fish (you choose). I also had the sweet potato french fries. 

The food simply is not good. I hope the owner reads these reviews and adjusts accordingly.

I will continue to come back as this is a local neighborhood restaurant for me. However, I'm going to lower its rating from 4 to 3 stars.

Note: This restaurant  definitely is worth a try. It's got a good vibe, and service is excellent. However, for 20-30 bucks, I expect better tasting food. I am convinced the management still is ironing out the kinks.
Stop!
In the name of all  island BBQs...
I dared to stop by with a friend after spotting all the updates happening to this renovated showroom.  I will give 4 marks to the design aesthetic.   Lured in by the many tiki mugs on display which are show only, I was thrilled to see a menu containing a fusion of Hawaiian and Caribbean blends of culinary art.

I had a Jawaiian choice which included jonny cakes....something that I haven't had since my momma stopped making them for me!  These were a close rendition but I will not let my momma know.  

I am pleased that the clientele lured to this place seems to be sophisticated and sober, something often missing in the neighborhood.
Last night... I decided to try out Hula's after reading the many reviews about the modern tiki. i do love the location and the building it is situated in, it's airy, bright, and inviting. Loved the fire pit on the patio, and I was tempted to request a table by the fire pit but my dinner mate wasn't feeling it, since it was quite chilly last night, and the fire was making her eyes watery. So, we chose an inside table. As service goes, our server was prompt, and helpful with making suggestions on what was best. 

We started with a basket of sweet potato fries... and I have to admit it's one of the better places on central with sweet potato fries, loved the aioli dip and I am quite a fan of the some what soggy fry and mixed in with some crispy ones, it was YUM and worth getting as to quell our appetite while waiting for our entrees. 

My friend M is a vegetarian so she opted for Black Bean burger, she's had the Black Bean burger at FEZ which is delish so she wanted to compare altho the idea of spicy tofu tacos was tempting. As for me, I opted for the lemongrass encrusted Mahi which was a recommended by our server and asked for a side of plantains to complete my meal. The table next door was served their food and it looked yummy, so M and I were looking forward to the items we ordered. 

There are restaurants out there that have visually appealing entrees but lack with the taste factor, and there are places out there that are visually, and satisfyingly appealing and makes you have daydreams after the culinary experience that you yearn for it days after. In the case of Hula's it was visually appealing but not so much a wow in the taste department. Now, it's not like it was bad but it wasn't like OMG "this is bomb, mmmmmmmmmm, OMG... yum... I'm so getting this again... Oh when are we coming back?!?"  either. It was ok. I was full. 

The Black Bean burger was simply described by my friend as greasy. Mind you it was her fault she failed to ask them to take off the onions but she was shocked with how much sauteed onions was slathered on the burger coupled with the melted jack, it just didn't mesh well the black bean patty in her opinion. It has lackluster appeal that when she had the uneaten half boxed up she simply forgot it because it didn't register on the yummy scale :-( 

As for my lemongrass encrusted mahi. It was good, the slaw just didn't mesh well with grilled fish. Maybe some grilled veg would have best suffice over slaw. And the plantains were not the best plantains at all, seemed kind of dry and not as ripe, was hoping it would more soft and have a little crisp to it. 

Our dinner was ok, and did come out to 3 stars, I'm not completely writing off Hula's Modern Tiki since it deserves a second try at least. But I'm not wowed by it that I am hoping I'd get back there sooner... I can wait for later when that urge arises. There's simply too many better options than Hula's like Maizie's next door or FEZ up the street. So if you haven't tried it, you oughta but nothing to write home about.
I'll admit, when I heard they were opening a Polynesian themed restaurant in uptown Phoenix (I will not call it CenPho, I will not call it CenPho) I almost passed out with happiness. In my head, I imagined palm fronds, oversized tiki gods, live ukelele music and SHAG prints everywhere. Turns out it's not EXACTLY what I had in mind. It's modern Tiki not kitschy Tiki, but as I always say, any Tiki is good in my book.

So, here are the details: communal table at the bar or out on the patio is where it's at. (I wouldn't waste my time in the Applebees-inspired dining room except to walk through on my way to the MV-inspired bathrooms.) You might start with the flaming volcano bowl, it's approx. $16 and it serves 2-4 humans. Be warned, they are super potent.

Next, you might order some sweet potato fries complete with a garlicky aioli. Then perhaps you'll order dinner. I particularly enjoyed Duke's Luau Pork Plate. The glaze on the pork was delicious and there were bits of pineapple mixed in with the chunks of pork. (For some reason, this prompted every single person who walked by to point at them and ask me "Are those potatoes?" Nope, pineapple.) It came with a side of sweet potato fries and tasty cole slaw. 

I don't know very many restaurants in Phoenix that serve Polynesian-inspired cuisine or dangerous flaming volcano bowls, so I'm quite happy to have this little slice of the islands just down the street.
I'm going to be real here, I'm unimpressed by this place. 

First of all, it is not Hawaiian. Let's just get that out of the way now. Half of the menu consists of tacos! Wasabi is a common ingredient. The standard side dish is coleslaw, when everyone knows in Hawaii its macaroni salad. Let us all just agree to call this some a pan Polynesian/Pan Pacific/Southwestern /American fusion restaurant. Yeah, I find that confusing too. 

Our first trip to Hula's was unexpected. We were walking from our friend's home to Maizie's and decided we should just pop into Hula's on the way. If you are taking the LR I would suggest getting off at the Campbell stop, but I think its 6 of one, 1/2 dozen of the other between that and Camelback. If you are driving they have a huge parking lot. 

The initial visit was 4 days after they opened and we had some hits and misses with the food. I really enjoyed the fish ceviche, while my husband did not as he does not usually like fish ceviche. The shrimp rolls were a huge hit. I thought that the hapu was adequate, as was the mahi mahi. Our friend ordered a steak which was one of the grossest, grizzliest steaks I have ever seen. We left that night wanting to try it again, so we made reservations for a group of friends for my husband's birthday the following week. 

Upon our return we tried the tuna poke which was fantastic and the pulled pork sandwich which was poor, IMO. My kalua pork is a million times better. On the first visit we had tried the sweet potato fries and they were pretty lackluster so we tried the plantains the second time around. The fried plantains were some of the most disgusting things that I have been served at a restaurant in a long time. I was hoping for fried plantains in chip form but they were hunks of plantains. Plantains as a non fried fruit are not really all that great, there is a reason why they are always served cooked in some way. By not splitting them up into smaller pieces the starchy flavor is overpowering. As far as food is concerned I feel that you have to really try different things to find their strengths. 

As far as drinks are concerned, get the Absolut Boston with lemonade. Thank me later. I have a PhD in mai tais and I will tell you that these are just average. They are entirely too sweet and the dark rum was not floating on the top, but rather it was shaken with the light rum like you would shake a martini. That is not the proper way to make a mai tai. We ordered a few volcano bowls for my husband's birthday and while they were strong, they were also very sweet. Tropical drinks don't have to be sweet! I really want a Tropical Itch or a Lava Flow but to be honest I'm not sure they offer them. 

Service is hit or miss. On his birthday my husband was wearing a birthday hat and our server actually asked him- in what I believe was complete seriousness- if it was his birthday. What? Really? 

The indoor space is great, not such a fan of the lighting on the patio. I think I will probably be back for that adult Arnold Palmer and apps. At the time we were there they didn't have a happy hour, but they have added one now.
I don't love Hula's, but I like it!

I absolutely adore what they have done with the space, it has one of my favorite patios in Phoenix! The servers are over-the-top friendly and excited which makes me happy to be there :) I'm not a big drinker but the Dr. Funk is probably one of my favorite cocktails I've ever had. 

My biggest problem with Hula's is just that the food isn't that great. I have tried quite a few menu items over various trips and I am just not knocked out by any means. 

I think the best way to do Hula's is happy hour. $5 cocktails, $5 apps (I actually like their appetizers more than many of the entrees!) 
Happy, indeed!
I agree with Emily J.'s review.  I don't love Hula's but I like it!  

We sat on the patio by the heat lamp.  It was pretty dark in on the patio around 6:30pm.  We sat, we ordered, and we waited, waited, waited for the food.  It was a long while before our food came out.  We did not see what the food looked like.  It was so dark out.  The food was alright, but nothing that will make me drive out to eat there on purpose.  

The server was very friendly!  The hostess was a little rude.
I wanted to like this place more....

Arriving early to meet a group for a birthday dinner, the husband and I sat down at the bar to soak up the atmosphere. While the hostess was a bit off the bartender was nice and attentive while we waited for our party. The drink menu is intriguing, but the 2 drinks I did have left a lot to be desired. I do not like overly sweet drinks, but both of my drinks lacked any fruit flavor which was odd considering the laundry list of ingredients in both.

Once we were able to figure out the seating situation (our party grew by one) our waitress was attentive. The menu has some interesting choices. Not being a fish lover I felt their apps were very limited- I like sweet potatoes fries but some variety would of been appreciated. I had the pork plate and enjoyed it it more than other in my party enjoyed their choices.

Overall the experience was fine. I found their prices to be reasonable and I really love the space- but I was just not really blown away.
Stopped in around 10 p.m. on a Friday and the bartenders were all arguing about who was going to go home first. And, oh yeah, they finally noticed us and took our order. 

The drink was way too sweet -- it tasted like a watermelon Jolly Rancher -- and then I started to smell something rancid. Turns out it was a dirty bar rag sitting a couple feet in front of my nose. It stayed there ... and stayed there ... making me progressively more sick to my stomach.

I love the modern take on the tiki theme and quirky Chrysler-symbol floor-to-ceiling window. The music was decent. But I doubt I will go back, and I'll be surprised if this place lasts more than 18 months with this kind of care-less attitude.
Since visiting Hawaii this past spring, I've been intrigued by all things Hawaiian off the island.  (Aloha Spirit!)  So when I heard this place had opened in Central Phoenix, I wanted to check it out.  Michelle A. joined me for some island fare.

The inside is super cute with some retro surf and tiki designs and our server was very sweet.  Now despite my love for Hawaiian stuff, I am not a big fan of fish (not on a plate nor in a bowl), which is a huge part of Hawaiian cuisine.  I was happy to see burgers and a pulled pork sandwich on the menu for us non-fisheaters.  I chose the pulled pork since I wanted to see if it lived up to the description of "heaven on a bun."  'Twas delicious.

Michelle and I also tried out the mai tais, which were quite tasty although a bit on the pricy side.  I can't be certain if it was the drink or the medicine I was taking that shouldn't be mixed with alcohol (whoops!), but wow was I glad that she had driven.

At the end of the night we each received a little mermaid figure to take with us.  A lovely little reminder of a pretty tasty Hawaiian meal.
I have to tell you....

I had their Jerk Chicken Plate the other night, and it was yuuuuummmmmyyy! You gotta try it!
Hula's is set to replicate that of a mod 1960's, tropical bar with old surfer movies playing on the ceiling. The atmosphere gets five stars and the staff was friendly and service excellent but the food is overpriced and the food was satisfactory. I'm a huge ahi tuna fan; however, the Island Style Poke I wasn't completely impressed with. For vegetarians the Spicy Tofu Tacos were quite tasty but I would venture out to say that if you want a fun atmosphere with tropical style drinks, then this would be the spot. I was disappointed in the wine list but Hula's has a great selection of tropical drinks served in fun glasses. A fun spot for cocktails and their happy hour goes from 4-6 with $5.00 appetizers and signature tropical drinks. I won't say I'll never go in for drinks but the food I could live without.
So my wife have been here twice now. The first time, we had went close to when they had first opened and decided to sit on the patio. What a great meal with an awesome view. We had the Island Style Poke, Crispy Shrimp Egg Rolls, Johnny Cakes and Seaweed Salad. The Poke is absolutely amazing, I could eat two or three for my meal. The crispy shrimp rolls were pretty good too. I wasn't a HUGE fan of the Johnny Cakes, but that could just be my palate. The Seaweed Salad was very good, very fresh tasting.  We decided to get takeout last night, and again went for the Poke, my wife ordered the Island Style Ceviche and I went for the luau plate. As always, the Poke was phenomenal!  My wife went nuts for the ceviche. It was different than most ceviche's I'd had, it had the acid of a traditional ceviche but the also add in coconut milk to soften the acid, it was good (but I'm not really a ceviche guy). My food could have been totally awesome. The flavor was fantastic, but the menu stated sticky rice (I'm from Seatle and a total teriyaki whore, I know me some sticky rice) and the rice was not the slightest bit sticky, and not quite finished..and room temperature. The flavor in the pork was very very good, but again it was barely room temperature (and mind you, I live only a 3 minute drive from Hula so had it been hot when I picked it up, it would still at least be warm when I got home)  The slaw was very good, very fresh. I ate the entire meal, but would like it executed better next time. Will I order the luau again? hell yeah! I also spotted a luau sandwich with slaw that I may give a shot to next time.  Overall, this is one of our new favorites in the area.
This is the 4th time my husband and I have visited Hula's. We just moved about 3 blocks away and I am so excited to make this my regular dinner/hang out place. We went there a few months back for the first time. I looked at Yelp reviews and was worried... What people were saying was not very favorable. But we were hungry, it was Sunday night and we decided to try it. We were thrilled. Our fish was amazing and the Poke was to die for. Our server was great and we left happy, filled with a great meal and with every plan to return. Later I read the review in the New Times. That review made me think that the New Times might need a new food critic, as clearly the current one is lacking in good taste. 

After 4 times at the restaurant I feel that I am in a position to write this review. Each time our service has been amazing. I never felt like the servers were fake, trying too hard or pushy. On the contrary, they are pleasant, helpful and so nice. I have a very severe seafood allergy and was really thrilled to be reassured that my  food did not contain shellfish. Our server double checked that our order did not have anything that could possibly make our night a nightmare. The owner came to introduce himself and was a very nice guy.We felt so welcome there. The last place I felt that kind of hospitality was at Lisa G's (sad to say, Lisa G's is no more...) The atmosphere was very relaxed and in tune with the restaurant's laid-back theme. 

And now for the food... It was out of this world. The Poke appetizer has been my favorite but the fish cevice was just as good. It combined so many wonderful flavors and is now my new favorite dish at Hula's. We shared the macademia crusted Hapu. Everything was delightful. The ginger slaw was a total surprise and it worked! 

If you want a great place with a fabulous atmosphere, awesome beers (they have Drifter on tap) and amazing food go to Hula's. You will not be disappointed.
I wanted to give this place all 5 stars because I absolutely love Hula, but  I only gave it 4 because it has been inconsistent the 3 times I have been there. My faves are the poke (incredible and I don't even really eat that stuff), ceviche, and the coconut shrimp rolls. The ceviche has been inconsistent between having a ton of lime/citrus flavor to none at all. I have had the ceviche all 3 times I have been there (and will continue to do so) so I am hoping that the dish becomes more consistent. Plus, the wontons that come with it have ranged from not being greasy, to being totally greasy. (The totally greasy wontons were the same day as the completely bland ceviche so I was totally disappointed the last time I ordered this dish.) As I mentioned, hopefully it gets more consistent. The spicy seaweed salad was pretty good and so is their slaw. Things I did not like were the plantains, johnny cakes and pineapple wine. I thought the pineapple wine would be a sweet desert wine, but weirdly, it wasn't sweet but had hints of pineapple. If you like the softer, sweeter version of plantains, this is for you. I prefer the more thin, crisper plantains that aren't sweet. 

It may seem like my experiences have been bad but they aren't. I don't expect to like everything on the menu but will continue to try new things and risk not liking it. But the things that I do like keep bringing me back. This isn't necessarily a place to bring kids, so my husband and I tend to order takeout. When we have eaten there, however, we really enjoyed the atmosphere. The owner is consistently there checking on various aspects and greeting the guests. Very friendly guy. This place is a great addition to the central Phoenix area.
I have to say that the staff did a wonderful job taking care of a table of 8.  I had wanted a reservation for 7pm, but was told I couldn't get it until 7:15.  No big deal.  Got there just a little after 7 and the table was already ready for us.
Our server, Jennifer, was great.  I didn't have to ask for a refill for my iced tea more than once and that glass was kept full all night.
I like that I wasn't familiar with everything on the menu.  Hula's is definitely a different cuisine than we have here in the PHX.  WTF is a Johnny cake???  Good thing someone in our party asked and ordered it.  I mean, who wants to go to dinner with people who have no food adventure???
I had the shrimp and coconut egg rolls.  A little greasy, but still had tons of flavor.  I also got the fish cakes.  They had a good kick to them and I was full with just the two appetizers I ordered.
We went for a friend's birthday, and I was told that they give the birthday person a little dessert with a candle in it.  Jennifer said "We do it for everyone."  I wasn't expecting to be charged for it, though.  Not that I'll be broke the rest of the week, but I guess I had figured it was complimentary.
One bizarre thing happened, though.  The other large party sitting near us must have been a bit warm, because they asked their server to prop open the side door to get some air.  It felt good at first.  We noticed the door was propped open with a silverware setting.  You know, the napkin with the knife and fork inside it.  Stuck in the door.  I asked our server after a few moments to close it and guess what?  I called it.  She put the rolled silverware back on the empty table next to us.  
It was a really nice night and the ambience was comfortable.  I'll be back again to try something new.  I'll just inspect my napkin first, for any door-grease marks.
Love this place! Food & service are always great!. The black bean burger is really tasty, as well as the wasabi mashed potatoes. The regular burger is good too, had it with blue cheese last visit with the sweet potato fries- both were great.
Aloha! Mele Kelikimaka! Don Ho! That's pretty much all the Hawaiian I know. I'm delighted a little bit of our island state has reached Central Phoenix. And I say little because, clearly, this is not authentic Hawaiian, nor are they trying to be. Let's start with the ugly. Cuz there's lots of good stuff to like about Hula's. Probably not the New York Steak Sandwich. Which I quickly renamed the Rhode Island Steak Sandwich. Cuz it was teeny tiny. And that's not so bad, except it was served on a large hamburger bun slathered in Hula sauce and a couple slabs of Monterey Jack and loads of Maui onions which were outstanding! It fell apart quicker than my Aunt Helen when I told her I was a mo. Wait? Have I used that line before? Anyway with the sandwich I had the cole slaw which had fresh ginger in it and I loved it! Rickie's Cajun burger and field green salad was delicious as was our friends Cobb Salad complete with diced fried Spam! And just like the islands' friendly culture, the staff here was spot on with service, smiles and suggestions. Prices on our food hovered around $10 a plate. 

Now. The space. LOVING IT! Think Brady Bunch decor meets Hawaiian lore. There's a large, kickass photo in the dining room with some 60s/70s hipsters sipping bubbly around a pool with a Camelback Mountain lookalike in the background. Sort of looked like a still from an episode of McMillian and Wife (ok, this is where I lose anyone born after 1975!). 

Much like St. Francis, I love the textures. From the tiny tile on the wall near the restrooms, to the horizontal wood paneling, the nifty lighting above the bar and of course, the dozens of tikis lining the room. Eventually the two glass garage doors were opened to a beautiful AZ breeze and we could almost feel the slight heat from the fire pit on the patio. Though I did get a bit of a stench from about a dozen gnarly, pimpled skateboarders on the sidewalk. 

This is a 3.5 review FYI Hula's. Welcome to the desert! Welcome to CenPho. And as they say in Hawaii...um...hmmm...well...I dunno....Aloha?! Yep. Aloha!
This hit the spot after a disappointing dinner out the night before at La Barquita. 

Logic would say that if you have a bad experience at a restaurant you've never been to and want to have a better experience the next night, you should probably go somewhere you trust, like Maizie's, Tuck Shop, Cheuvronts, etc. But I'd been eyeing Hula for a while and we decided to be adventurous.

Decor: love it. Modern, vaguely Tiki/beachy, but mostly contemporary Phoenix with the ever-popular garage-doors that can open up the dining room on a warm night. Very cool patio with fire pit.

Service: attentive and prompt. Our waiter agreed with my asessment of the Cajun Burger (but didn't adjust our bill like I was secretly hoping...boo!)

Food: Just what I was craving. Big portions, nice and savory, great selection. I had the ceviche appetizer, and I could have licked the plate. I loved the subtle coconut flavor of the fish, and the crispy tortillas was a nice touch. 

I ordered the Cajun burger and Hubby ordered the Hula burger. Now, here's where I wish I could down-grade to 3.5 stars (but I'm feeling generous today): My cajun burger was completely indistiguishable from the hula burger. I could absolutely not tell that there were any additional spices or sauce on my burger, and yet I paid an additional dollar. When I told the server I thought I had gotten a hula burger by accident, he actually said, "No, it's a Cajun burger, you just can't tate the difference. I've been telling the kitchen staff that forever but they don't believe me." ?????

So, I didn't complain because it had been a good dinner and the burger was delicious as it was, but seriously, save yourself a dollar and just order the hula burger. 

Note to the kitchen: your waiter is right. You guys are Cajun-wimps! Either slather that sucker in some spicy sauce, or fess up and admit to upcharging for your Hula burger!

Overall a very good dinner, and I will be back.
Friday night and Im wanting to go somewhere with a cool atmosphere and some good drinks and mabey some good food. Well they had two out of three. The atmosphere is great. Love the patio with the fire pit and the bar is nice as well. I like this part of town and the restaurant fits in here well. The special drinks they have are great, I could suck them down all night,  but I was really hungry and could not wait to try the food. The food was very disapointing. Everything they serve has some crazy sause on it. I like sauces but I just feel they need a little more work on all the sauce i tried that night. The butterfish was cooked well and was great when I scraped all the sauce off of it. That fish is good and doesnt need a sauce like that. I understand the kind of food Im eating but mabey thay need to lighten  up the sauce a little. All the sauces I had seemed like they put a  mango and a pinapple in a blender and then poured it onto my food. You could not even taste the fish. It could be anything under that sauce and that would be all you taste. Then we went for the NY Steak sandwich. It comes with sauteed onions( enough onion for about 6 people) a roll that just falls apart the second you pick it up, and sliced steak that is way to thick and oh yeah one of those sauces again.  I dont mind my sanwiches being a little messsy but after two bites my sandwich looked like it was murdered and scattered all over the plate. When you took a bite everything fell out of the ass end of the roll. When I order a sandwich i dont want to assemble it after every bite nor do I want to eat my SANDWICH WITH A FORK. And again it could have been a piece of plasitic under that roll cause all i tasted was the sauce. I will say the sweet potato fries were not to bad. I dont like sweet potatos really but these were good. I did find out later that they do have regular fries but THEY DONT PUT THEM ON THE MENU, not sure why mabey cause they dont want you to be happy or they are just pushing the sweet potato fries. Whatever the reason I did not like that, cause I would have prefered regular fries.  Im there to eat and if you make it put it on the menu! Overall this place is cool and the servers are friendly, attentive, and knowlegeable about the menue     ( - the fries) but I think the Head Chef should sample all the dishes himself and think about what he is doing in that kitchen. This place could be so much better. Prime location, great atmosphere, just lacking in the food department. Im not sure if all the good reviews are from people that got sidetracked from the atmosphere or if they dont know food and thought they were eating something special or if they had to many drinks before the food. I wanted to like this place so much. I will be back for drinks and to relax by the fire pit but Im not sure i will eat here again.
WOW - great food!

Their ceviche was the best I have tasted in Phoenix! The fresh Hapu  sprinkled with coconut served with jerk sauce, rice, plantains, johnny cakes was outstanding!

My friend order the coconut encrusted Tofu with tropical lilikoi sauce, rice, and fresh slaw.

To complete the culinary experience they have key lime pie - my favorite desert and one of the few restaurants in the valley to offer it - key lime is the perfect palette pleaser with a cup of good coffee at the end of a refreshing culinary trip to the islands!

Nice customer service friendly, efficient, and well mannered.

Met the owner Dana - wonderful and charming.

The experience was excellent! Of course, the company of a wonderful friend and fabulous conversation made the evening exceptional.

Definitely Hula's is on the list of favorites!
great spot in downtown phoenix.  our day drinking party got loud by this stop (#5) on the lightrail adventure.  our party didn't try any food but we did find a great mix of people in here and some nice stiff drinks.  did we need those at this point, probably not!
I loved this place! Sitting on the big patio by the fire-pit having drinks and eating a fantastic meal while watching the cars and lightrail train pass by.
We started off each having the Tiki Bastard cocktail ($7 i think). It was like juice with a kick. Not too strong and definitely not too weak. 
We splite the Abalone-style Calamari ($7) It was very good too, just very different than what I am used to. It came in flat strips stacked like we were supposed to play Jenga with it rather than eat it.
It had a very light breading and was served with lime-ginger-cream sauce and soy glaze that was really really good!
As my entree I had the steak sandwich ($13) and substituted the jack cheese that comes on the sandwich with blue cheese. I also ordered the sweet potato fries. The steak sandwich was INCREDIBLE! WOW! Perfectly grilled as ordered - medium. As its pieces of steak instead of a full steak there was no pink but it was perfectly tender. I think anything above medium would have been chewy. Now what the menu doesn't list is that it is topped with grilled mushrooms. Yummy, creamy mushrooms. Now I am normally not a mushroom fan and have no idea what kind of mushrooms were on it but it was ssssooooo good! Great compliment to the steak and blue cheese. My only complaint about the steak sandwich was the blue cheese. While it was good and went extremely well with the steak, it was a bit too strong. Like tongue-tingling strong. Luckily it didn't overpower the other flavors in the sandwich.
The sweet potato fries were good and the dip was great! Nothing more really to say there I guess. Overall I was very impressed and will be back soon. I definitely recommend this place to others.
Oh, the service is great too!
This place is bomb-diggity.

This is not your typical over the top, kitchy tiki bar... but it does manage to take the best elements of tiki and retro chic and put it all into one place. During our trip, we enjoyed all parts of the restaurant:

-the dining area (retro modern and industrial; great to overlook the outside patio)
--the bar area (awesome lighting and display case of tiki tchotchkes, also in view of awesome hexagonal window thing)
--the outside patio (awesome rock fire pit for sitting and drinking by)

So that's just the rad decor...! The food is good and drinks are AMAZING!! There's a menu of about 7-10 tiki type drinks including standards like the Mai Tai, Painkiller, and Zombie... and a few other non-standards (no frozen drinks)... but they run ~$7 and they come served in either a fun tiki glass or class Hula's highball. I had the Dr. Funk, Lillikoi Margarita, and Hawaii 5-0... all excellent, but for different reasons. They also sell cute collectors mugs for $6.

in any event, this place has only been open 4 months... so keep this place in business. go there... go there, now!
Solid. Consistent. 

Hubby got the Hula burger again and was practically moaning with pleasure throughout the entire meal. 

Ceviche was good AGAIN. 

I got the Ahi burger this time, and it was scrumptious: Perfectly seasoned and a little spicy, I will definitely be getting this one again.
It's the bees knee's man! 

We ducked into this spot on a rainy day for lunch and I'm so glad we did. My husband and I were sat right in front of the window and watch the cars splash by. I was going to order a Red Stripe (yes! they have Red Stripe) and the bartender suggested Longboard which they have on tap. This malty beer was a joy to drink, so refreshing, it hit the spot. For lunch I had the Hula's Island Cobb, very delicious. I was skeptical about the spam but it ended up being a great substitute for bacon. My only gripe is the chicken was described as "marinated" on the menu which sold me on the salad but when I had it the meat was plain. My hubs had the Luau Pork Sandwich and it's truly heaven on a bun, served with yummy sweet potato fries. Both meals were large portions and we finished every bite. 

We had a really good time at Hula's, great service, delish food & beer. We will be going back fo sho! Oh, and I should also mention that the silverware is now wrapped in cloth napkins. If I would have read these reviews before my visit Amy's "fork door holder" story would have kept me away.
The Dinner Club dinned at Hula a few weeks back

The general consensus:

The Food: good, some great, some not so great. The appetizers were the weakest part of the meal: the coconut shrimp rolls were ok, the ahi wontons were disappointing, but the poke was tasty and the sweet potato fries were delish. 

The best entree by far was Duke's Luau Pork Plate, a delicious blent of sweet and salty on well cooked, extremely tender pork...yummm. The Steak Sandwich was also a treat. Disappointing was the Jawaiian Pork Plate (good, but not nearly as tasty as the other portk dish) and the fish tacos (also ok, but the same fish tacos you can get anywhere. Dessert was good but not mindblowing

So, why 4 stars not thee? Weeelllll....members of the DC voted to award an extra 1/2 point for delicious drinks and a nice happy hour. And, anothe 1/2 point for ambiance...the outdoor patio is a great place to hang and the sliding door provides a nice indoor/outdoor space. Plus, the funky old building has an awesome 6 pane wall window that is an awesome highlight,

Overall: worth checking out, great drinks, good food and a fun atmosphere.
Ok so I figured the true test of how good this place actually is, would be to come back with a friend who was born and raised in Hawaii. She loved it!  The drinks are dangerous! So good, I had to force myself not to have a third drink (I had to drive home to Peoria).
We shared the Island Style Poke as an appetizer which was to die for. My friend said it was better than her own. I tried the Jawaiian Jerk Pork Plate which was great! Especially those little Johnny cakes! Yum! For dessert we shared this banana/coconut cream pie. So good! Its served on a bed (the crust that's not really a crust) of animal crackers and oreos. I wish I hadn't shared.
I wish I remembered our servers name, but she was SUPERB! This place will definitely become a regular hang out for me.
Nice staff, cool atmosphere, great drinks,,an the jerk chicken was pretty darn good.. if you like drinks try the mai tai
This place is just plain FUN!  If you are in town and want to go hang out with your friends at some place different this is a place I would choose.  They have a large patio with fire pits and space heaters for the cooler months that are perfect for your hip crew. 

Admittedly I have only been here for drinks (not that this is a problem) and do not feel comfortable giving more stars until I eat here as well.  

Anyway they have drinks named the Scorpion and Volcano that come with multiple straws for your group to enjoy, but if you are going to partake in these be sure you have a way home! :) Just ask my friend Mark. 

To all of you out there from Tucson or UofA this is the new and improved Kon Tiki for you to enjoy as you pretend to be grown up for everyone else this is a fun change of scene.
I was out in Phoenix for a conference and came here for a happy hour. It's a cute little restaurant with great outdoor seating around a firepit with plenty of heaters around. They even had old episodes of Gilligan's Island playing at the bar. 

The drinks are good, and the appetizers are fantastic. I'd recommend the ceviche, the sweet potato fries, and the crab cakes. The waitress was very friendly and felt comfortable joking around with us. 

Great location too, it's just right off of the Light Rail, so if you're staying at a hotel by the airport like I was it's very easy to get back from.
i'm a fan. the Hurricanes did a good job of putting a smile on my face, and during happy hour, 4 hurricanes and the shrimp spring roll was only 25$

so happy hour yes. dinner probably not. 

i have loved this building since i was a child. so i'm happy it's still around and not returned to the ground, in rubble.
We Love Hula's! Our purpose is to visit every Tiki restaurant and bar in every city! All the Trader Vic's,( we have Hala Kahiki in our home state), Mister Tiki, Bali Hai, Kon Tiki, Mai Kai and plenty of others. We know TIki!!  We know Mai Tais and We know Great Food!  Hula's has it all!   We loved the atmosphere, the MunkTiki mugs everywhere. We appreciated every element of the place. (Especially Gilligan's Island projected on the wall above the bar!) The owner Chris impressed us with his hospitality and knowledge of the Tiki World. We were only in Phoenix for 3 days and we went there twice!! After having mediocre $10 Mai Tai's at Trader Vic's Scottsdale, we were quite pleased to sit on the patio next to the fire pit and enjoy $7 mai tais that actually tasted like they should. We tried every damn drink on the menu!!  So then it was time to eat! Calamari was fantastic, Coconut Shrimp Rolls were the "bomb" and Ahi Tuna Wontons rocked our palates!! Island Poke and Spicy Seaweed Salad were great too! No, we didnt eat this all in one night! We told you we went there two nights in a row!! :)  Great Cocktails!! Great Food!! Great Service!! You've gotta try it!!  We will be Back!!!!!!
I was in town for a convention and was very pleased to find Hulas! The decor is fun, but not over the top- and the drinks were dangerously delicious. I had the Mai-tai and my friend had the zombie. It was hands down the best Mai-tai I've ever had (including the ones in Hawaii!). We had sweet potato fries and island style poke for our appetizer, and I still can't stop thinking about the poke! Our entrees continued to wow us with the jerk pork (my friends dish) and my wasabi style ahi. Everthing from start to finish was excellent from the service to the dessert. If you are in town Hulas is a must go!!
I don't know whatcha'll complainin' about.. - this place totally delivered everything I was anticipating from a joint touting itself as 'modern tiki'

For CHRIST's SAKE GET THE SCORPION BOWL! 
reeeeeeeeealllllly strong, enough to get you and your friend a wee bit more than snoggered. The drink doesn't taste very good, but that's not why you  buy it....you buy it for the kitsch and the 2 foot long hot pink straw you drink it with!

The food- was really good...I don't know what everyone is bitching about...they must have sand stuck in between their swimming suits and crabs. lame-os. 

this place is fun...even more if you're wasted.
Great patio! 

Came with a group of friends and had the pork plate with yummy little Johnny cakes and the wasabi mashed potatoes, both were excellent.
I came here for the first time on a rainy Tuesday afternoon for lunch with a great friend I hadn't seen in 6 months.  Our server who was cute as a button picked up our "we are not in a hurry vibe" right away.  We ordered a bottle of wine, fairly priced and loved the added touch of a chilled wine glass.  Our food was very good but no real risk was taken. We shared the fish and shrimp tacos which were flavorful but I had to add some hot sauce to give it a little bite.  The beans and white rice were a simple filler, nothing more.  The menu looked interesting and the prices were fair so I would definately try it again.
There were only 2 things that I found disapointing, first was after we ate I ordered a martini, one from their menu, it was fruity and you couldn't taste the alcohol at all.  The problem was it was served in a very small martini glass and I feel when you are going to make a fruity concoction and call in a martini the glass should be bigger, not the James Bond shaken not stirred size.
Second problem, as we were eating a woman came and sat at the table right by the restrooms and plugged her computer into an outlet that made the cord block the restroom door.  Now my companion and I couldn't decide if she worked there or not, she never ordered food and wasn't there long.  But just the fact that the cord blocked the door and could have been hazardous really bothered me.
Overall though I give the place a B+
It seems as though Hula's has hit their stride. I read back through some of the earlier reviews and it looks like they've fixed whatever their issues were. 

I went with two girlfriends. We were greeted immediately and the host was funny and attentive. He told us the wait was 15-20 minutes. We went to the bar and 10 minutes later he personally found us and seated us. 

I had a pink bikini martini.. perfect.. just perfect.

We shared an app of calamari.. AMAZING. My friends ordered two different versions of the Mahi and both raved about it. I ordered the jerk chicken and it was delicious. 

Love the decor, the open sided buildings, the patio, the firepit. 

I actually texted my husband while I was there to tell him how cool the place is and that we have to go back together. 

With three entrees, an appetizer and five girly drinks we got out of there for under $100 with a generous tip.. which reminds me, the service was great.
This is one of those places I have driven by countless times, saying,  "we got to check that place out!"   I am glad we finally did.  Trader Vic himself would be proud of this little urban tiki joint.  I will keep it simple today and address the big 3 restaurant components one at a time.

SERVICE

Attentive and happy to have us from the moment we walk in the door, the first time was a mellow Tuesday afternoon.  The bartender/server was engaging and helpful and most of all ,exuded a great pride for his place.   He had a key element you just can't train into staff - Pride.  He was proud of his drinks, his menu, the whole place.  He must have got this from the owner who took time to give us a mini tour and talk about some of the unique and creative design elements.  (in a moment)  On a later visit during the more jumpin' late hours that same excitemnet to be there oooozed from the entire staff.  Refreshing to be in  place where people want to work.

FOOD AND DRINK

The Pork Sandwich was very good and so was my wifes salad, the drinks were authentic yet creative and I can honestly not say a bad word about anything.  I have seem some luke warm response to the food at Hula's.  I believe this is unfair, the food is more than fine.  It just isn't the first reason why I return.  

ATMOSPHERE

Unique, creative and original design make this place interesting and fun.  On our mini tour we saw the amazing glass front bar, welcoming huge wood common tables, and stellar use of various materials all coming together perfectly.  The patio was open and comfortable.  We were on a little 1 hour vacation it seemed.  The kind of place that keeps you there once you are in.  

For the local downtown-istes, it should be a mainstay of your circuit.  For those of you in the bookends of the valley who only leave your bubble for a ball game, put this on the list of places to hit on the way home.  I will probably see you there.
At the end of an action-packed Saturday including a hair-raising drive and strenuous hike, it was time to simply sit back and R-E-L-A-X.

My friend and I declared that Pain Killers on Hula's outdoor deck were just what the doctor ordered.  There is something very right about the combination of rum, coco lopez, pinapple and orange juice.  Since Hula's has all-day HH on Saturdays (ending at 7pm), these beauties will set you back only $5 each.  Bargain!  We kept telling ourselves "hey, we burned like 2,000 calories today.  We EARNED these!"  They came with a fruit garnish, so technically they were "health beverages", right?  :)

Our very cool waiter took good care of us, and even shared a little background on his detailed tattoo work.  While I don't have any ink, I love hearing the back stories behind people's art - interesting!  

As the sun made it's way down on this good day, the deck, the fire pit and of course the Pain Killer elixr made all those bumps, bruises and scrapes earned on the trail just seem to disappear... for a while, anyway...
This place is awesome! I absolutely love everything about it- the food, the laid back cool ambiance and the friendly service! 

First of all if you can sit on the patio! It is super cute and has a fire pit in the middle for when the sun goes down. This trip, we decided to sit in the kinda outside area/  kinda inside area at one of the community tables. 

I started out with a zombie and my fiance had the painkiller. Both drinks were tropical and delicious. We got here too late for Happy Hour but $7 for a stiff drink is still a good price. For dinner I had the Hula burger with blue cheese and sweet potato fries. It was a huge portion and really tasty. I loved the Maui grilled onions and I especially liked the bun it was hearty and slightly sweet. My fiance had the ahi tuna sandwich also with sweet potato fries. I had a bite of his and it was also delicious. 

The people sitting next to us were Canadian visitors and said they had already eaten here twice in one week because it was so good. This is a great place to take visitors because its so fun and has yummy food in a great location. I will definitely be back!
I'm just gonna do the damn thing and give this place 5 stars.... they seriously have the BEST coleslaw ever!!! I hate coleslaw and this stuff is really good. I love the cilantro in it and how it is not too saucy unlike myself.
One of my favorite watering holes these days.... plus the serve up delicious food! 

First things first, the blood orange martini is AMAZING!!!!  The Pain Killer and banana drink (can't remember the name) were two other big winners with me and my friends. 
The patio is FANTASTIC, a great place to sit back and relax and the interior design of the restaurant is cool as well. 
As for the food...
here was our "must have" breakdown..
App: ISLAND STYLE POKE*  COCONUT ENCRUSTED 
Entree: many delicious choices but the winner at our table -  DUKE'S LUAU PORK PLATE  

SO GOOD!!!!
Intended to go to Mazie's but the wait was 45 min.  So we walked down to Hula's and got right in.  

The vibe is laid back and comfortable.  The decor is 50's/60's Hawaii vibe and not to busy.

Split the Coco Chicken and a side of the Johnny Cakes with my daughter and it was wonderful.  The chicken had a great flavor as did the side of rice and beans.  The Johnny Cakes are sweet and moist.  Will be back for sure!
Hula fits into the cool vibe of uptown Phoenix.  I really like the vibe of the area and Hula seems to be a good fit.  If you can and it is not June and 176 degrees, get a good seat outside and enjoy.  Inside is a very modern tiki style (not sure, but I think I just made up a new style, but I think it fits this place).

Overall our experience was pretty good.  They have one of the best veggie burgers in Phx.  The sweet potato fries are a nice touch to any meal on the list.  The mai tai was very good and made me wish I was in Maui!

The only issue we had was minor.  Our waiter did bring us pork and before we could get the right meal he was off and I had to track him down and it took a bit to get it fixed.  That happens time to time and I will not let that cloud my judgement of the place - it is still fitting as a 3 star. 

I like the area and the busy atmosphere is great on a Friday or Saturday night.  We will be back, especially for another Veggie Burger!
I love this place as a bar.  The tiki decor is fun and I love that the whole building opens up.  Super fun space and the bar staff are great.  It satisfies me when I need a super fruity fru-fru drink.
I want to rage on the Spicy Shrimp Mango salad I had for lunch last week. The dressing was amazing. I liked the souriness (is that a word?) of the dressing that evened out the spice of the shrimp. All cooled down by the taste of the sweet mango. (feel my mouth watering) Loved it and will be anxious to visit Hula's again. 

I visited about lunch time and the place was not that packed. The service and cleanliness of the restaurant was great and like the other yelpers, enjoyed the kitsch Hawaiian decor. If only there was a beach...
How can you not love a place that pours drinks this strong? Especially when they're only five bucks during happy hour! I think that I've sampled them all at this point, and haven't been disappointed. For the most part, they are exactly the kind of drink you would expect to find in a tiki cup or dodge little paper umbrellas or fruit skewers to get to - all fruity and full of tropical booze. Ahh, I can practically smell the salty ocean breeze and feel warm sand between my toes. In my opinion, the best of the best are the Blood Orange Martini, the Mai Tai, and Dr. Funk. So what if Hula's wait staff hasn't quite gotten the hang of prompt service as long as I've got my Mai Tai and sweet potato fries. 

When I finally made it beyond the happy hour, I found that Hula's is more than just great drinks.  Let me tell you, when they say that their pulled pork sandwich is "heaven on a bun", you'd better believe it. I don't know whose idea it was to throw some coleslaw on that heavenly bun, but that person deserves a medal. The combo of that tender, warm barbeque pork with some cool, crisp coleslaw is just magnificent. Word has is that their burgers are also pretty tasty, but I haven't been able to get away from the pulled pork, and apparently the burgers are too yummy for my friends to offer me a bite (not that I've ever shared my sandwich).
Drink...don't eat. 

The environment, with the light rail shooting by, is definately a great place to enjoy an adult beverage. Regrettably, the only thing cooler than the environment is the food...as in the serving temperature. 
Speaking of cold - I have a natural tendency to dislike any non-ice cream item served with an ice scoop (like a grade school cafeteria - sides are scooped onto your plate).
Just had a wonderful dinner experience at Hula's. Our server name was Ginger (like the movie-star from Gilligan's Island!!) she was AWESOME. The food, wine atmosphere, staff were all great. My partner and I owned a restaurant in San Diego, so we know food and this was a great food experience. I had the pork and cole slaw sandwich and he had the coconut crusted chicken. We couldn't decide which was best. Total tab was $40 and change with 2 glasses of wine. You really must try Hula's it will be the best favor you do for your taste buds!!
I'm really happy that Hula's is within walking distance of my apartment.  This is because the tropical themed drinks pack a punch!  Me and my ladyfriend shared a "Scorpion Bowl" that was deceptively sweet.  We both stumbled home.  

Make sure to eat plenty while drinking at Hula's - there is some excellent food to help keep one's blood alcohol level in check.  The last time I was there I had Duke's Lua plate, with slow pulled pork, cole slaw (which had a subtle wasabi flavor) and sticky rice which was amazing.  The fish is of high quality as well, though the blackened Ahi Tuna burger was a bit dry .  The burgers are excellent, with the Hula Burger being exceptional.

If you want to get drunk and pretend that you are in a tropical paradise - this is the place to go.
Great atmosphere with ok (the jerk pork was good, but it seemed to be missing that extra kick of cinnamon; the korean style wings and poke were very good) and probably a little overpriced food.
This was our last stop on the Urban Wine Walk yesterday, and it was a great place to end the day.  Because this was our last stop, we were too late to get the wine special, however we decided to stay and grab a table on the gorgeous patio and get a (full) glass of wine.  We also ordered some sweet potato fries to munch on.

The patio was awesome and I love how the "inside" opened up to become an extension of the patio, or vice versa.  We were lucky enough to be experiencing one of those perfect Arizona days and I felt like I was sitting in a good friend's cute, cozy backyard . . . with table service.  Speaking of the service, no complaints from me!

The original plan was to get dinner, but the wine, fries, and good conversation were enough to fill us up and take us to the end of the night.  I can't wait to go back (soon, to enjoy the patio) and try all of the delicious food I was reading about on the menu and now in everyones reviews!
When you take a look at a place like Hula's and see that it has eighty-eight reviews it makes you think, does it really matter if I put in my two cents? Well maybe Hula's doesn't need my cents, but they are well deserving of five stars and a few dollars. 

I am not a huge Yelper. Okay scratch that. I am a huge Yelper but not a very good one.  I love looking at the events and use it to gage the places I venture to, but you will never find me on a forum and rarely writing a review. I decided that Hula's was worth that rare occasion. 

Like I said I am a fan of the Events page so I decided to try out Yesterday's Urban Wine Walk. I'll admit that the walk turned out to be a bust for my friend and I (for reasons of timing not event qualms) but Hula's was the best part and made the walk attempt worthwhile. The wine was great and our friendly server was more than willing to describe the options and chat about a great place to find a good Malbec. Thanks for the tip. My favorite wine was the Carmenere they were offering. My friend was a fan of the Fume Blanc.  The only thing we had time for was a starter and we went with the spicy Thai fish cakes, which were amazing. Perfect size and flavor and presented as if it was the after shot for a cooking demo. I have been wanting to try Hula's since they opened and I am willing to admit that the walk was my excuse to get down there. Now I know there is no excuse needed and I will definitely be heading back down for a full dining experience very soon. I suggest you do the same.
Food is yummy and drinks are just as good.
The seaweed salad is one of the best I have tasted in the valley. I like mine a little more dry but the flavor is spot on. The Poke is great and I could eat it as a meal. Did I mention that the Poke taste like a little piece of Hawaiian heaven?

I had the blackened fish which was good. It had some mango salsa on it but I am not a big mango salsa fan so I had to put that to the side. The Poke alone has me hooked on this place.

The architecture of this place is pretty cool... It was different and a good topic of conversation when you're on a first date. Even the bathrooms are done up pretty nice. I like the tongue and groove wood panels that go half way up the wall. Very nice touch! Even the sink was unique. 

The only thing I did not like were the sweet potatoe pomme frites (french fries). They were soggy... and that is a personal thing... I am not a big fan of soggy fries. I like my potatoes to be croquant (Crunchy).
I sit here wobbling between 3 and 4 stars...it is solidly a 3.5. This was my second time here during their relatively new brunch service. First time I stopped in and enjoyed a cocktail (Mai Tai), which was superb, very well mixed! I stopped in again this past Sunday for the more full brunch experience. I ordered a "Pain Killer" to drink (Rum, Pineapple and Orange Juice with Coconut) and the Hula Burger, added cheddar and fried Spam...yes Spam. Who needs bacon when this is an option. LOL! Yeah so I was not counting calories or fat for this meal but, why am I justifyin' this to you. LOL. The burger patty was thick and quality beef, the grilled Maui onions superb and the special sauce was better than I was expecting. It was an aoli with fresh ginger, garlic and stuff (I feared it was going to be sweet originally), I was pleasantly pleased. I had to eat my burger in pieces this thing was huge and juicy. I will definitely be back again...their brunch cocktails are super and I like the open airy atmosphere of the place as a whole.
Love this place! I live 20 minutes away, but my girlfriend and I go there at least twice a month.

Hula's has a great patio/bar atmosphere. They serve 4 different fish (and tofu) cooked 5 different ways. Tonight I had the Mahi with the Macadamia Nut crust preparation, which comes with a spicy mango salsa, sticky rice and coleslaw (which has something in it that makes you ask yourself how they make it!).

The restaurant is right off the Light Rail line and perfect for casual dinner with friends. Oh - and you have to try the sweet potato fries... yum!
Hula's is bringing a needed island flare to the valle of the sun.  The staff are incredible, the architecture and layout is amazing and then the food and drinks.  Oh man.  Start off with a Pink Bikini or a Painkiller to get you going.  They are perfect.  Every time I drink the painkillers it brings me back to Jost van Dyke where the drink was invented - the Soggy Dollar Bar.

Then on to food.  From incredible barbecued pork tacos to juicy burgers and even vegetarian fare you will not be disappointed with the menu here.  Try the sweet potato fries at the bar while watching old Gilligan's Island re-runs on the plasma TV.  It's always a treat to go and very close to the light rail.  Phoenix could use more restaurants like this, bringing good friends together for casual dining.
I have passed this place many a time, mostly when they are closed. So last week after my in-home massage, it was finally the right time. I didn't feel like doing anything but eating and chilling. On our walk over the place looked very inviting. I'm a patio person, so they had me at the entry point. They have so many tables and chairs in their humongous patio! My favorite sitcom, Gilligan's Island, was playing on the tube in the bar area and the Tiki torches were lit. It was a nice ambiance with the big fire pit, kinda felt like I was in Hawaii, except for the metro in the backdrop (oh how I love thee Metro!). It was around 7:30pm and there were a few people sporadically place around the fire pit, so it was sure to be a great night. 

I was in the mood for fish tacos and had the Hapu fish tacos (delicate white fish) which was served with black beans, topped with a drizzle of sour cream, both served atop white rice $13. Most of my food was served just lukewarm, but i overlooked it and piled the salt on the rice and beans after my first taste. It tasted much better with salt, even though I'm not really a salt girl anymore. 

The fish tacos were kinda pricey but i figured it must be DELICIOUS. The rest of the menu was a little higher than usual, especially when the food is served by a food server with a dirty white kitchen towel slung over his shoulder. I cringed when I noticed my sisters Ceviche chips were touching that nasty towel. He noticed me notice it, then left the chips on the plate and brought out a little dish with fresh chips. That was too much for me, because in a fish restaurant you never know what kind of stuff ends up on them there rags, but it wasn't my plate and she was okay with it, so we moved on. The spring mixed salad was an instant fav, with its shredded daikon root vegetable tasting so deo and the delicious ginger dressing. It was the first time I had been served a spring mix with romaine lettuce thrown in the mix. I didn't let a bit go to waste. The fish tacos were drizzled with a sweet dressing over the slaw of cabbage and it was a little weird for me, as i'm used to having a tasty salsa drizzled over the tacos with some citrus. I cut the fish in halves and made two tacos into four. I guess for the amount of slaw the price was on the money, but I wan't too happy with the rag touching the food. Other than that a touch back when the food is dropped off might not happen so make sure you ask for all you need at the order. I will definitely be back, but next time i'm sitting at the bar.
Hula's Modern Tiki is awesome! We went there for brunch on Sunday morning and we have zero complaints. Lets start with the all day happy hour on Saturday and Sunday.... who can be disappointed with $2.00 mimosas? They were in a small flute which went down quite quick and easy, then we went for the house made bloody mary - simply delicious!! The food was great... ahi eggs benedict & the hula hangover was what we finally decided on, but can't wait to go back to try the next thing on the menu! We were also excited to see it was on the metro-lightrail route. The architecture was cool and it was a beautiful day to sit out on the patio. We couldn't stop talking about it the rest of the day... it was yummy and a delightful experience! We highly recommend it :)
we had a coupon to try this place out for brunch. must have been a popular coupon because they were sold out of breakfast items and mimosa's. 

the place is so cool and tiki-ish. i love the old tiki mugs. the brunch-lunch was not overwhelming and yet tasty. i had the fish taco's, she the tofu taco's. i thought mine were pretty good and loved the sweet potato fries (as usual). the rest of their meat and non-meat food looked also delicious and we hope to hit this place up again soon. since we had the coupon, we only paid 2 bucks!
I love this place!  The food is AMAZING!  Definitely a must visit!!!
Went on Sunday during the Groupon rush, took 1.5 hours to get our food, during of which we got 2 mimosas before they ran out and had to upgrade to some beverages that were quite a bit more.

Food was ok, but considering the reviews prior I was a little let down. 
On one hand I can expect that things might have been off because of how busy they were but on the other hand that should be expected and planned for. 

As a Chandler resident we might make it back, but we will see.
As a frequent patron of Hula's I figured it was about time to write a review. As other yelpers have found, based on the four star rating achieved, this place is a good find. 

Your often greeted by a man in a Hawaiian shirt with a smile and a friendly hello. If you are lucky, this is the person who will be making your drink(s), because he is one of the best bartenders in the valley. Future patrons would be wise to let him know what you like and leave the rest in his hands. 

The patio is not only spacious and comfortable, but somehow shielded from the sounds of central avenue traffic. While I certainly prefer to enjoy Hulas on the patio, the architecture of the inside is amazingly well presented, as an extension of the patio. 

The food is certainly solid with certain stand out menu items like the Poke, pulled pork and the ahi eggs benedict for brunch. Obviously being a bar, the main attraction are the libations being poured, but its important to have food that compliments the both the vibe and experience and Hula's achieves this with gusto. 

Highly recommend this place if you are in the central corridor looking to cool down on a hot afternoon or celebrating Friday night with your friends late night.
Look at my pic of the mango ahi caesar salad.
DELICIOUS!
Best caesar salad ever.

The large bartender in the Hawaiian shirt was awesome, attentive, and super friendly.

I shall return many times.  I'm anxious to try brunch and dinner here.  Yay Hula's!
"Meh. I've experienced better." = definition of 2 stars. 

That is pretty much it in a nutshell. 

I was looking forward to dining here. Things started off well, the ice tea was tasty, I loved the space and the overall concept is great. 

I decided on the Black Bean Burger, even though the waiter could not tell me for sure what was in it and didn't even bother to ask the chef. 

Bland, Dry, and Boring. Topped with rubbery Shitake Mushrooms and a greasy bun.....sigh.....I was looking for excitement, I wanted to be wowed, nothing happened when I put this food in my mouth, I was extremely underwhelmed. 

My husband ordered the fish tacos. Served along side a pile of sticky rice topped with black beans and mayo? The rice was gluey, the cabbage in the tacos was soggy, it did not taste fresh at all. 

The sweet potato fries were not bad, they were served with the "Hula Sauce" which is ketchup, mayo and pickled ginger. 
Its flavor way OK but became cloying after one of two bites. 

Something is just missing here, if you read the menu, it has potential for greatness, but ends up leaving much to be desired. 

Sadly it looks like enough people like the sub par "Bar Food" that Hula's won't be likely to make any changes. :-(
I would like to give Hula the bar (and place for burgers) 5 stars, but Hula the brunch spot, 3.

I have always been served a strong snd affordable drink here, and the bloody mary was no exception, but it was a little watery and could have used a celery stalk. Though for only $5, I shouldn't complain. I got a little buzz, and that's admirable in a bloody mary.

I ordered the special omelet, which this weekend featured shrimp and a grilled mix of peppers and onions.

The good: the portions were healthy and the eggs had a good "fried in butter" flavor. The shrimp were perfect, not at all  dry or bland.

The hasbrowns, however, were pretty oily and otherwise unremarkable. Next time I would probably sub for Hawaiian toast and fruit.

The omelet had a sweet sauce. The server said it was mango, I believe. Regardless, it was distracting and didn't add to the eggs well at all. 

Otherwise, the crowd was lively and personable, if a little over-tanned and "out to be seen." just like the other places on this block, it is loud, so don't come for romance or a lounge scene. And unlike most spots that could be described as "trendy" the staff here is approachable and laid-back.

I was stoked for another breakfast spot in the hood, but would probably return to Maizie's next time.

Luckily, there's always after dark. The nighttime scene here is great, and I definitely think they do a better burger than their neighbor.
Hula's looks like a great, retro place, and my experience since moving downtown last summer is that the restaurants in the area have friendly, attentive staff and interesting, delicious food. My boyfriend and I have been saying for months, "We REALLY need to go to Hula's!" So to celebrate the end of finals, we finally got the chance with another couple.

Hula's was one of the biggest disappointments of my life. My boyfriend and I got there before our friends and were told to select wherever we wanted to sit. So we did. And then no one looked at us again for a good 15 minutes. Finally another waitress who had a section nearby took pity on us and got us water and our drinks. Finally the person who was apparently our actual server appeared. By this time, our friends had joined us, and we realized it was colder than we thought and that we would be too cold to enjoy yourselves outside, so we moved to a table inside. Our server was very cooperative about this, which is why this place gets two stars instead of one (plus the margarita was yummy, and my boyfriend's "Zombie" was strong). The menu looks delicious, and I was hungry, so I decided to get the calamari. Our food took a rather long time for a pork dish, two fish taco plates, and calamari. And when it arrived, it was... ok. It was just ok. The menu had so much potential that I think that made the let down just that much more saddening. It didn't even look that great. I was looking forward to having non-breaded and friend calamari, but even pan seared, it was just so... ok.

Aside from the neglect we earned when we first arrived, the servers are not knowledgeable about the menu. Our friends had been there before, and for them, this was strike three. They said the first time they were there, the server didn't know what beers were on tap. There are two beers on tap. One is an IPA, which the server apparently described as "skunky." Way to sell it.

After finishing up, we went to George and Dragon, then to Dick's Hideaway and its companion, Rokerij. There, we had excellent service, food that tasted as if the angels prepared it, and terrific wine. And the more we thought about it, the more convinced we became that we will not be giving Hula's another shot.

One star is for the atmosphere, and the other is because my margarita was not overly sweet like so many are, and our server, when she showed up, was nice about us switching tables. But a restaurant in the downtown area cannot rest on those laurels alone. Hula's is really going to have to step up its game, but I won't be the one to test it out.
Went for brunch and had a very good experience.  Hangover hash is delicious, but make sure to get the hash extra crispy.  Ahi Benedict was tasty as well.  $2 mimosas were a great deal + excellent staff
My friend and I had dinner here on Saturday night.  The weather was great and we were able to score a nice table on the outside patio.

The service was quick and friendly.  I had a beer and my friend had one of their specialty rum drinks that he liked a lot.  I ordered the blackened hapu fish plate that came with wasabi mashed potato and greens.  The fish  fillet was a fairly thin and I think that may have contributed to it being a little overcooked.

Overall it was a good experience.  Probably more due to being out on the patio and the good service rather than the food.
I heard about this place and what doesn't sound appealing about a Hawaiian themed restaurant?  We walked in and were shocked at how packed the patio and restaurant were.  There was a very short wait that we spent checking out the awesome bar.  We sat down and I loved all the tiki men statues lining the walls.  We ordered two drinks that were both fruity and delicious, 1 of which came in an adorable tiki shaped glass.  We started things off with some delicious sweet potato fries, and I got the shrimp tacos and my friend got the macadamia crusted halibut, I tried a bite of hers and both were delicious!!!  I can't wait go back with a big group of friends so we can check out the bar a little bit more next time.
On balance I liked Hula Modern Tiki and would return.  That being said, my experience with Sunday brunch at Hula was rather hit or miss.

I debated between 3 and 4 stars in large part based on the service.  For a moment I considered giving them the benefit of the doubt because they were pretty busy and giving them the fourth star.  But service should be just as good when the restaurant is busy right?

Then came the goo.

I had French Toast with thick sliced bacon and maple syrup (according to the menu).  The French toast was very good.  The bacon didn't arrive and I had to ask for it - when it arrived it was good, no big deal.  The big deal to me was that the menu said MAPLE SYRUP.  The French Toast did not come with MAPLE SYRUP.  It came with some gooey, thick, out of the bottle syrup.  I'm sorry but maple FLAVORED syrup is not MAPLE SYRUP or anything like it.  FAIL.  I would not have ordered the French Toast if I knew it was being served with corn syrup instead of MAPLE SYRUP.

If you are not sure of the distinction here Hula, go somewhere that has crab on the menu.  Then, instead of succulent and tender crab have yourself some of that KRAB that is some unholy amalgam of whitefish, miscellaneous proteins and crab flavoring.

MAPLE SYRUP is runny.  It comes from Maple trees, not corn fields.
This is my new favorite place!  I have been 4 times now, and just simply love it. I mean I went on a Saturday and always myself there the very next day, its just addicting. Three out of the 4 times I've been I've sat at the bar, and the bartender, is great.  He's always got suggestions, tells what he likes, his fav's what he's had and hasn't had and why.  He's even got suggestions on the very cool all day (10:30-7pm) happy hour drinks on the Saturday/Sunday menu.  What a deal!!

The food I've had is outstanding.  One thing I'll never forget is the butterfish, that was melt in your mouth delicious!  The wasabi mashed potatoes was not what I thought they would be so at first I was disappointed.  I expected them to be spicy and creamy, but then I sat and thought about it again, and said wait, these are exactly what they should be, Mashed potatoes infused with wasabi, kind of like cucumber water.  I believe I just had the wrong idea to begin with.  The seaweed salad is a great starter, a huge portion and tastes like seaweed salad.  This was my pre-Brunch visit.

So this past weekend I tried the Brunch.  Saturday's visit was later in the day and I'm not much of a breakfast person, so I went with the Fish taco.  Another fish done well, perfectly done and seasoned.  Much to my surprise they give a little bit of what appears to be homemade salsa, that goes with it and is yummy, i found myself trying to figure out exactly what was in it so I could go home and duplicate.  My boyfriend had the pork taco's, and I really enjoyed the pork flavor.  I was expecting greenchilli ish type flavor, but it was very sweet barbequey.  The black beans and rice aren't anything special, but not gross either.  Then Sunday I tried the Ahi Eggs benedict.  I was so scared, as I said I'm not a huge breakfast fan.  It was awesome.  Very very good flavor.  It got cold real fast, but that's my experience with eggs..

Recommended Drinks:
I think I've tried at least 2 other drinks from their menu, but I can't remember what they were called...but these are the ones that are normally at my table:
Hurricane, Tiki Bastard if you like Gin, Blood Orange Martini, Mai Tai, and you must at least once try the Bloody Mary.  I believe they make their own mix, it's got a bunch of horseradish bits in it, and is very different.  Its definitely missing the worchestire, but was actually not bad with out it.  I agree it isn't for everyone, but I had two.
Really? "Ran out of brunch" at noon? That's your excuse?
Went here with friends to use a groupon for Sunday brunch. The wait staff left something to be desired, but the food was decent. I had the french toast which was really sweet and I don't find too many things that I think are too sweet, but I couldn't finish it no matter how much I wanted to. My friends had the massive breakfast sandwich which I sampled and thought it was really good and my other friend had the breakfast hash and said it was only 'ok' not great. The bacon is the best I've had in a long time; really thick and cooked to perfection! The waitress didn't notice that the glass of water she served my friend was majorly cracked and we had to ask about the specials after she took her time coming over to take our drink and food order. The atmosphere and decor was fun. Not sure if we'll go back when I'm in town next, but I'm open to giving this place a second chance.
Terrible service was just the start of my Groupon brunch experience. We arrived late on a Sunday morning, well after the crowd came through. When I sit down at any restaurant, I expect the wait staff to acknowledge me within a reasonable time. It took the waitress five minutes to even stop at the table, all the while checking in on the surrounding tables. Also, any time I visit a restaurant for the first time, I tell this to the staff, and ask for their recommendations on the menu. The waitress ignored these cues, and only asked what we wanted to eat.

After the long wait for drinks to come, one of my dining friends realized that her glass was cracked. I'm not talking chipped at the rim, but a crack all the way down the glass. When we finally get the waitress to alert her of the situation, all she says is "oh," picks up the glass, and walks away. Not even an apology for filling up a cracked glass in the first place.

I ordered the kalua pork and hash for my meal. Let me be upfront, that my standards for kalua pork are imu style. I understand though, that in metropolitan Phoenix, this isn't possible. The kalua pork here was just not good. If L&L can do a decent kalua with liquid smoke, I'd rather go there. The kalua looked more like a condensed pork stew, and was rather bland. 

The location is good, as well as the décor and ambiance, however that's about it. Not sure I'll return.
Business owner has indicated the customer service issues will be addressed with the affected employees. I appreciate the restaurateur's followup.
I am from Santa Cruz, CA and this place is a taste of home. When my cousin, who used to be a bartender at the Santa Cruz local, told me they were opening a place in Phoenix, I was SO HAPPY!!!

My favorite things are the Poke appetizer (seriously the BEST EVER), sweet potato friends, fish cakes, and DR FUNK! I could drink Dr. Funks all day long - nothing but coconut pineapple cocktail goodness! I could swim in that stuff it tastes so good. In fact, that's what I want for my birthday - a kiddie pool filled with Dr. Funk!

On the Santa Cruz menu, they have beef satay and ahi rice bowls that are amazing - I wish they were on this menu as well.

The ambiance is more "posh" than the Santa Cruz restaurant. I love the outdoor patio -it may be one of the prettiest I've seen in town. 

I will go back to this place every time I miss home.
We went there on a Friday night with my whole family to celebrate my birthday.  No one in our group had ever been there before, so it was a treat to try out a new place... but, also, sort of a gamble, because we weren't sure what to expect and we have quite a few picky eaters in the bunch.  To my surprise and pleasure, everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal!  I got the Luau Pork Sandwich, which the menu claims to be "heaven on a bun" and they were not lying!  It was so delicious.  The boyfriend got the Bali Hai BBQ Ribs and the meat was literally falling off the bone.  It was perfectly cooked.  His only complaint was that the sweet potato fries were too sweet and didn't go with the ribs.  I think he would have preferred the wasabi mashed potatoes instead.  I wanted to order one of everything off the drink menu, because I couldn't make up my mind.  Everything sounded good!  Our waiter was so attentive.  He very discretely circled around his tables every few minutes or so to make sure everyone was taken care of, but he didn't interrupt the meal, unless, of course, you flagged him down for something.  It was a really great experience and I can't wait to go back there again!
I've wanted to try this place for a long time and finally go around to it this weekend. It was the perfect weather to enjoy on their patio. The patio really makes the place. We sat there and started with the abalone style calamari. I was really good- long strips of calamari flash fried and sitting in an amazing sauce. For dinner I had the butterfish miso-style and it was  pretty good as well. The coleslaw and rice left much to be desired however. My honey had the fish sandwich with sweet potato fries and it was good-the sundried tomato aioli spread really made the sandwich. The fries were good, but not as good as other places and the dipping sauce was just ok. 

All in all it was a solid dinner.  I want to go back and try more things. it isn't on my list of favorites but I really think Hula's has great potential. And I would definitely hit it up for happy hour.
I work literally right behind this place down on Highland, so of course it's been teasing me with a packed patio at about 5 pm everyday as I head towards the train to go home. I went yesterday during happy hour for our volunteer appreciation/camp wrap-up party and it was...ok. 

We started at about 4 and it wasn't too busy but but the end of happy hour the place was packed, inside and out. Being that its 50/50 inside and patio, I would definitely make it there in time to get a nice seat inside this time of year, as it would suck to sit outside right now. I totally dig all the old movies they play up on the tv bar and wall, it adds a nice sense of style to the place and the tunes weren't too bad either. 

Yes, they have an extensive list of specialty drinks. Because this was the case (and our org was picking up the tab), I thought I would break out and try a new flavor of beverages. I had the Dr. Funk and I also tried the one eye'd pirate. Both were pretty good but were pretty light on the alcohol. At $5 a pop it ain't bad during happy hour, but considering the amount of liquor, it doesn't surprise me how cheap it is. The beer list is also a great selection, which is what I eventually turned to.

We also tried some of their happy hour dishes; crispy shrimp rolls, fish cakes, pork tacos, and sweet potato fries. All weren't bad but nothing really stood out to me or made me wanting to come back again. Although I have heard great things about their regular food...Perhaps I'll try that next time.

One great thing about this place is they select different valley organizations and charities to benefit one night a week, for a selected month. Portions of proceeds on Mondays in June go to Free Arts of Arizona, so please go try them for yourselves.
My picks:
Dark & Stormy
The Pink Bikini 
Abalone Style Calamari
Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls
Macadamia Encrusted Butterfish

The happy hour is a steal and I love that they have a dog friendly patio!
If you're looking for a fabulous patio, you have found the place.  Tiki has a full bar and a great indoor/outdoor atmosphere, this is a great happy hour or group kind of place.  

I agree with most on here that the food was ok.  I had the tofu with a lemon sauce and it was good, but not nearly as flavorful as others I have had at other restaurants.  

I could see this as being a place to meet for happy hour, informal meeting or just day drinking, but I wouldn't stay for dinner.  Neither my guest or I were blown away by the favors of the food, but the drink menu and atmosphere were wonderful.
I have absolutely fallen head-over-heels in love with Hula's for so many reasons! Let's just go over a few:

-The amazing tofu tacos
-The "I'm-gonna-fuck-you-up" Scorpion Bowl (they light the 151 on fire!)
-The kick ass happy hour
-Outdoor seating with misters
-Sweet potato fries

This is a really laid back environment with a lot of options for veggies AND vegans, and they have really awesome drinks. Do yourself the favor and head here with a group of friends and split the scorpion bowl. You can thank me later, just be prepared to call yourself a DD.
My friends Steve and Liz live on the light rail route and introduced us to Hula's earlier this year and my hubby and I are hooked!  

Get there before 6pm Mon - Friday and enjoy their nummy happy hour specials.  I order 2 pork or tofu tacos for $3.00 each and I am stuffed!

We were there again this past Saturday and I tried their Johnny Cakes for the very first time, which is a Jamaican corn bread and it's the best corn bread I have ever eaten.

I am suppose to be on a diet, but when someone mentions Hula's I make sure to make exceptions for this place, even if it's the only meal I eat all day.

Also, all the waiters, waitresses, and I think the owner Dana are always so friendly and welcoming that it makes you just want to stay there longer than intended.
HIT AND MISS. MOSTLY MISS. GO FOR THE TUNA STARTER AND ORDER A DOUBLE PORTION; REAL HIT!

THE FOOD
-- tuna sashimi dish is great value, great flavors. order it.
-- coconut rum with watermelon liqueur a winner, if only the bartender would remember to add the fruit. do you need a recipe book?
-- hash with eggs arrives eggs-over-hard despite my instructions for easy
-- toasted english muffin slathered with butter, but not toasted.
-- chicken salad's chicken was bland except for the rub on the edge. boo.
-- taco plate features raw, unprepared corn tortillas. yeah, i can pull one from the bag and dump something in it too! why would i pay for that?
-- salsa too salty
-- cole slaw just not interesting, ends up a plate filler. blech.

THE DECOR
-- hip sealed concrete, bulk tiki statues everywhere, and faux Eames chairs complete the hip look, framed by Green-Apple table shades and roll-up garage-door walls.
-- designers kept the awesome hexagon street-facing window and high ceilings in the bar area. kudos.

THE REST
-- starting to develop a pet peeve for "sauces" delivered via ketchup squirter bottle atop my item or side dish. IT GOES UNDERNEATH THE ITEM OR NEXT TO IT! OR IMAGINE.... IN IT.
-- no reservation taken unless you've got six in your party. BOO. be ready for 30-minute wait in summer when no one's sitting outside.
Ada G. took me here before we saw Chelsea Handler so we could get appropriately lubed up (thank you Dr. Funks) and the food is awesome. They have the best poke in town and we shared one of their fish (fishes?) too with the lemongrass coating and it was equally delicious. Their patio is beautiful and contemporary but still casual at the same time. Definitely hit their happy hour because that's the happiest time of day anyway and you mind as well spend it here enjoying delicious eats and tasty libations.  (By the way, why is someone complaining that this is not authentic Hawaiian food when at the same time they ordered a New York Steak sandwich?  Does someone have their crabby pants on or is a geography lesson in order?)
Nice atmosphere. Burnt burger. The salad and the chicken dish were really tasty, tho.
Sometimes a restaurant is more than the sum of it's parts. The outdoor patio is a great place to enjoy a leisurely meal. Start with a Mai-tai and the poke. The poke is always fresh and wonderfully tasty. A little more avocado would help though. For dinner, you can't go wrong with the burgers and get the side Caesar. Mmmmm. The fish dishes are also excellent but for my dollar, the burgers win out big time here. The ambience is awesome- great art on the walls and the staff is super  friendly. Kyle rocks!! Add it together and this has become my favorite place to grab a bite or take a date.
I am a huge fan!!! This place is amazing in SO many ways, first of all the staff rocks! second it is doggy friendly, i love places like that reminds me of being in Europe.. then i have to move on to the cocktail's, yummy!!!! really!!!  And the building is close to my heart! always hs been...
I am not putting the food down, it was good, i had some fish with a very nice coconut curry sauce an it came with white rice an coleslaw, umm i was not a fan of the slaw but hey that's really all i can say bad about this place..It is also a great place to ppl watch, every variety of life to be had! i could go there have cocktails on the patio by myself and one of my many dogs an be as happy as i could ever be i think!
Can't believe this place put up with the drunkiness we came with! 6 girls, on the prowl--what could go wrong? Not much at Hula's!! Wonderful, affordable food and drinks. My only complaint is we had a reservation and waited around an hour for our table. Not much of a complaint; we sat at the bar and drank ALOT!! Excellent food and service.
After a couple of technical complications early in their operation, I've been back a few times and always come to the same conclusion: Go for the drinks, not the food. 

At first I thought, "Maybe I'm just in a bitchy mood and it's throwing my taste buds off." But I've gone with different people and been mostly in a chipper mood so that wasn't it. Then I thought I was ordering odd items off the menu, but I've tried a variety of items from the brunch and dinner menus and come to the same conclusion. Finally, I decided Hula's is an awesome place to get a great cocktail. It's just meh on the food side. 

Hula's definitely has one cool patio, amazing architectural features and mighty friendly staff. I just can negate the eating experiences to provide a better rating. It won't be my last time here, so I'm hoping I can update with a more sparkly review.
Great ambience, and the Black Scorpion drink is a must!
Who knew that there were undercover cops on the light rail who checked if you paid the fare and asked for tickets? Having been thrown off the light rail in front of Hula's, I decided to stop in and have a cocktail. 

Nattily dressed in my silk Hawaiian shirt, I felt right at home. I ordered one of the more expensive voodoo drinks and was surprised it was served with four straws. My bartender advised it was so big and full of alcohol, it was generally shared among friends, I advised him that I share a lot among friends (including the tab) but not my drinks. 

Knocking down the cocktail, I decided to cruise Hula's and check out the clientele (particularly any Hula Girls). Regaled in my authentic Hawaiian shirt, I was immediately mistaken as a waiter by the staff and diners. This led to me walking out of Hula's with $200 cash in tips. Needless to say, i will be back with another stylish Hawaiian shirt out of Condor's closet!
My final meal before leaving Phoenix, I was turned onto to Hula's because of a random friending on Twitter. 

Having been to the islands a few times, I was intrigued, and convinced my family to go, and we were happily surprised. 

i got the Butterfish, done Jamaican Jerk style. The fish came cooked perfectly, smothered in a spicy jerk heavy sauce. One the side, it came with plantains, which were lightly fried( but I suspect they were actually bananas). Crispy on the outside, warm and mushy on the inside. 
The rice was decently cooked, and had great flavors all throughout. Lightly sweet, lightly spicy, it was great, but certainly could not stand on it's own. The johnny cakes, while flavorful, were very dry for my palette, easily the worst part of the meal. 

The shining star at Hula's were the beverages. My wife got the Mai-Tai, which was as authentic as the ones we've had in Hawaii, and perfectly mixed. Her second drink, a Watermelon martini, tasted exactly like a Jolly Rancher, if you like that sort of thing. 

I had 2 drinks, the Zombie and a Painkiller. The Zombie was fantastic, dark rum flavors and passion fruit swirled around in my tiki mug, and mixed with chunks of fruit to make a delicious beverage. However, the Painkiller was much better. Dark rum, coco lopez, fresh squeezed pineapple and oj worked together to make an excellent drink. I wanted 3 more of them, but I needed to get going. 

When I return from NYC, I will definitely be checking out Hula's again.
Why haven't I come here sooner?
I decided on Hawaii for our last evening of a three- day weekend ...and it was so worth it.  My fiance, my 10 year old son and I all sat at the bar, played cards, watched Gilligan's Island and laughed a lot.  The drinks were delicious - I had a Pink Bikini and a Dark and Stormy.  My fiance had a beer and my son had a soda...no complaints, and the service was great and the happy hour prices were excellent...

Immediately we got our basket of super hot and delicious fries, which my son loved.  We then ordered some Tuna, Seaweed Salad and Thai Fish Cakes.  YUMMY all of them.  Especially the TUNA!

My son loves steak, so we shared his steak, the wasabi mashed potatoes and the amazing spinich side veggie.  The steak was huge and very juicy.  Excellent sized meal for a 10 year old to share!

We finished everything off with an amazing slice of Key Lime Pie and wonderful zest of LIME!  Loved it all...and I am so happy we finally got around to eating here.  

John was our bartender and he was fabulous and very informative - encouraging us to try brunch and other food items on our next visit.  I am certain we will be back...
I will apologize in advance to Amber W. who will undoubtedly light my house on fire after reading my dissatisfaction with her happy place, but Hula's really is a 2 1/2 star place to me. I've been several times at this point, and while I'll happily return when I'm in the mood for a fruity over-syruped *strong* cocktail, I will not however be spending my money to eat there again.

The first time I went with a small group in the springtime and we sat out on the patio which was a blast. Great ambiance. And two over their 151 packed Scorpion Bowls later, I was sufficiently blacked out. Unfortunately the blackout did not happen soon enough to make me forget the flavorless and overcooked Ahi Wontons i ordered.

Second time I went and ate was with Amber W. herself and I ordered the butterfish which was drenched in a terrible thing overbearing cream sauce. I asked for it pan-fried and apparently that is their definition of it- certainly not mine.

All in all, Hula's is a fun place to go, hang out, and have a couple cocktails and enjoy the patio when it's not 400 degrees out, but if you're going there with the hopes of being wowed by exemplary seafood, you will be sorely disappointed.
I have been back several times & I love it. Food is great & the staff is really amazing. The wine list has really evolved since they first opened. They are not a 'wine bar' but the selections are well thought out, and very tasty. Thanks Hulas for being a unique new addition to the neighborhood.
P.S. I am new to this "yelp" thing. So I am not sure if it is appropriate to comment on other yelpers reviews. But in reading through the recent reviews, I was really upset to see that there have been a couple of very mean comments. It seems like maybe these people have there own agenda. It kind of takes away from whole concept of Yelp. *O.K., I will step off my soap box now.Thank you for listening.
Most amazing sweet potato fries of my life, though my server was a tad on the rude side.
Were able to visit Hula back in early summer before the face melting temps settled in....and super glad we did.

The place was very busy and our hope of sitting on the patio was dashed immeadiately.  We did get a seat just inside one of the roll down garage door sections ( which were open).  There might have been some confusion with our waiter or maybe he was new.  Seemed to lose track of us at times and the service was a bit slow.  It was busy, but it seemed a few of the staff was either young and new, or just young and somewhat clueless.

We really like good Mai tais. Very few places make good ones and we never order them at a bar.  The Hula's Mai Tais were more than adequate! Each of us enjoyed the two we drank and wanted to order a third....except we might not have made it to our car.

Poke is another fav of ours....and Hula satisfied that craving too!

Saw that they are having a summer special and you can bet we will be taking advantage of that! 

You won't find us on the patio though....
This place was a very nice surprise. Very nice decor with a variety of really good cocktails. The food was also really good, a little pricey but worth every bite. The service was great , the waitress was prompt and she made great suggestions on food. I will most definitely return it was a really nice little place.
"Ronald McDonald walked into a bar..." (fill in inappropriate joke here).

Seriously, we turned up for happy hour at Hula's on their charity night (nice!) and Ronald McDonald was roaming the place.  I probably would have volunteered to donate extra money, just to avoid shaking hands with the semi-creepy clown... we're eating! I don't want to share the neighboring tables' germs!

We found a few cheap bites on the Happy Hour menu - Tofu and Pork tacos, Spicy Fishcakes, and Ceviche.  Considering we had already asked about the gluten-free status of a few items, we thought it would have been nice if our ceviche didn't arrive surrounded by wonton chips - at least mention them on the HH menu, so people know what to avoid!  I really enjoyed the pork taco and loved the fishcakes... YUM!  And I didn't even have to share them (yes, sometimes I use the Husband's GF status to my advantage).  His tofu taco was a little strange.  It had 3 HUGE strips of tofu, lightly seasoned and put on a corn tortilla that couldn't support their weight.  It would have been better with much smaller chunks of tofu, and not to over-do it.  You need to be able to pick up a taco, y'know?

Our waitress was friendly enough, but didn't seem particularly adept at her job.  She didn't know the ingredient in many items and our water glasses were sadly ignored.  So thirsty!

There are way too many spots in my Central Phx neighborhood that have better food and service, so it will probably be awhile before I venture back.
Drink the blood orange martini.
Hula's seems pretty hyped.

I had drinks here that were OK.

I had food here that was OK.

I'll try it again and get an entree, but I'll not likely go out of my way to make it here.
Had a great time at Hula's the other night.  I was in town for a few days on business and decided to go for the first time with a few business associates.  We had a round of Mai-Tai's which like previous reviews have stated are strong.  We actually had someone at our table request less booze which to me is refreshing.  I travel a lot and it seems like more often than not restaurants and bars are getting way to greedy when it comes to their pour.  

Our server was friendly and prompt and the food was great.  Half of our party was from the island of Maui including myself and I can say we were all surprised at the quality and taste of the poke.   As a group we shared orders of the Mahi Mahi and Ahi which everyone was surprised at really how good it tasted.  Who knew there was good fish in landlocked Arizona. 

I'll be coming back to Hula's when in Phoenix and would definitely recommend to friends and family.

Aloha,
Butterfish done Coconut Style - WAS AMAZING. One of the best fish dishes I've had in town. The drinks for happy hour were great too! Loved my martini.... yum. Would highly recommend... only oops was when my husband asked for ice with his water, the server poured his 3/4 filled glass into the pitcher and refilled - wouldn't be a problem, except that he had already drank some... So the point - don't drink the water - drink the martinis!
Had a great time at Hula... we went for brunch, promptly seated, Drinks were awesome.. food delish.. waiter Kyle very nice
I've been here 3 times now. The first 2 for cocktails and a small plate and last time (using a Groupon certificate) for Brunch. The seaweed salad was good and I really loved the plantains. For brunch I had the hula hash- pork with an egg on top over hash browns. SO GOOD! I was not fond of the Bloody Mary, but the mimosa was up to par and only $3.
We went for a brunch on a Saturday. I ordered the Hawaiian hash and eggs. My guest ordered the french toast. Everything was good but nothing exceptional. The hash was supposed to be with luau pork. Their version of kalua pork. It was sweeter than anything I have eaten in Hawaii. Literally just days after being in Hawaii this probably wasn't a fair review. Kalua pork should have a bit of salt taste to it. The french toast was very good. Bacon was excellent. Nice and thick and smokey tasting and not too crisp. They have great happy hour pricing. Mimosas were only 2 bucks. And the 2 drink and 2 appetizer deal seemed like a bargain. So in all its a good alternative to some of the usual places downtown, but its definitely not genuine island cuisine.
Hula's is vibrant and lovely! It's most def a modern take on retro tiki. And they have two dollar mimosas for weekend brunch, y'all! 

That's all you need to know about brunch, which is a good thing considering it's pretty bland. We tried the Island Eggs Benedict ($10, with the kielbasa) and the Hula's Hangover Hash ($9). The eggs benedict were done very well, but nothing really sets this dish apart from one you could get anywhere else, even with the atypical meat choices. 

It was the Hawaiian pulled pork hash that was a total bummer on the plate. The hashbrowns were practically black in some places and mushy in others, and the pulled pork was a mass of dry, bland shredded meat. To top it off, the eggs were done over hard with no runny yolk goodness. Suck.

Probably will not return for brunch, but mimosas and tacos may be in my future! The Tiki Time happy hour also shows promise.
Went for drinks and appetizers to help benefit Friends of Animal Control and Care and was not disappointed! I am not a big fan of alcoholic beverages but this place made them fantastically. Got the Dr. Funk while my companions got Zombie and Hurricane. All were very tasty especially the Dr. Funk. MmmMMm. 

The appetizers were well portioned, I got the sweet potato fries and the others got calamri and other fishy foods that I don't eat. No complaints from them so definitely a good sign. 

Service was great, even though we were doing the special we still received plenty of attention.

I will be back but this time to try some food!
Arrived in Phoenix early Friday evening and after I had seen Ina ( The Barefoot Contessa) eat some fish tacos I knew I wanted some too. My cousin had told me about this recently opened place that he had only tried once before and said it should be a great choice for Polynesian food. I got the grilled fish tacos which were good good all except for the sides. They ran out of rice ( at least that was what I was told) so I asked for coleslaw  and then the black beans were still kind of hard. My cousin had the pulled pork with coleslaw and rice on the side and that was  good too. Overall my meal was ok and the atmosphere was nice. I admired the misting system especially because Phoenix is so hot. I may try it again on my next visit just to see if they improve.
This is a terrific place to get drinks and a bite to eat.   It's perfect for social events like happy hour or a date, or just to chill and watch people.  Strong drinks.  Awesome poke.
I stopped by Hula's last week for a quick dinner/drinks with my girlfriend and was pleasantly surprised. Of course it was a bit warm at 5:30 to sit on the cute patio so we opted to sit inside. We did get there during happy hour so we ordered off that menu so we could try different items. 

For starters we each had a cocktail: 
She had the Pink Bikini Martini, it was good but tasted like a jolly rancher for sure. 
I had the Dr. Funk, I really enjoyed this refreshing cocktail and brought me back to being on a beach! Ahh... 

For food we started with the Hawaiian Ceviche, very fresh white fish in citrus juice, coconut milk, chili, cilantro and garlic. The ceviche was refreshing and light. The chucks of fish were very good size and also you had a nice portion for two people to share. 

For dinner she had two of the pork taco's and she really enjoyed them. Both tacos were loaded with a ton of shredded pork and salsa on the side. They looked very yummy. 

For dinner I had the Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls and the Spicy Thai Fish Cakes. The Shrimp Rolls were very tasty. They had two rolls cut in half and were cooked and flavored perfectly. The Spicy Fish Cakes weren't my favorite. You got 3 cakes on an order and as they were spicy I felt they were missing something. Not sure if I'd get them again but well worth the try. 

All of our items were $3 to $5 so the happy hour prices are well worth going and to try a few things. 

I will for sure go again as some of their fish on their regular menu looked very tasty so I'd like to try other items and take advantage of their cute patio.
Just had lunch, on the manager's reccomendation, I had the fish sandwich.  I talked about it all the way back to work.  It was one of the BEST sandwiches I have ever had!  I must say, we had 1 beer, 1 glass of wine, fish tacos and the best fish sandwich I have ever had and with tip it was 50 bucks.  I know good food/service/restaurant space is expensive, but... 
My only thought on this is for a $10 sandwich...throw in a side salad or something.  Other than that...great job!  I WILL be back for another $10 fish sandwich with no sides!
I came back yet again with different friends (I am determined to force all of my friends to eat here atleast once!).
My favorite server in the world Tia was there, however we were in a bit of a hurry to make our movie on time, I didn't see her AND there was limited seating as it was kid of busy, we just sat where the friendly hostess told us to.
Our new server was almost as perfect as Tia. I hadn't been here in about four months and I was quite impressed that Tia was there and recognized and came over and talked to us.
I peeked at the lunch menu and there was an item in there that wasn't on the regular menu. And of course that's what I wanted. I asked our server if instead of the Cajun Ahi Caesar Salad, if I could have the Cajun Shrimp Caesar  salad. She (and the kitchen staff) were very accommodating.
I was once again a very happy camper.
I went there for lunch and had the awesome Calamari Sandwich!  The Calamari is lightly battered and is in large strips, looking more like a chicken breast than the tentacles I'm used to.  The sandwich was topped with Hula's special coleslaw that gave it a nice bite and crunch.  The Calarmari was tender and not rubbery at all.  The sweet potato fries were great side dish.  An excellent lunch meal.  My only complaint was that I was sitting under an airduct that was dripping water on me.
The Mai Tai here is ridiculously good.  I'm not generally a foo foo drink kind of guy but at hula's I make an exception.  For some reason being a girly drink alchoholic is totally acceptable to me here.  If they had a glass covered in glitter and had sparklers sticking out of it I would order it from here.  They are that good.  

The food can be a bit hit or miss.  The Calamari is good.  Not what I expected but tasty.  

Definitely a favorite come winter time for day drinking on the patio.  Or night time drinking for that matter.  Great decor.  Great firepit.  Love the open restaurant feel with the garage doors open.  

I would give 3 stars for food and 5 for everything else.  Weighted, Hula's comes to a solid 4 stars.
Hula's was ok.  Some good, some bad.

We started with a couple specialty cocktails.  My wife ordered some martini thing with WAY too much sugar.  I ordered something with gin, bourbon, marischino liqeur, and ginger beer - it was very good.

As an appetizer we had the white fish ceviche.  We didn't like it, and even left some uneaten.  I can't put my finger on what I didn't like, but it was tart and bland at the same time.  Maybe it was just the big chunks of probably-not-fresh fish.

I like how they set up their seafood portion of the menu - 6 fish, 6 different preparations.  I can't remember the fish we ordered, but I do remember it was macadamia nut crusted.  It was almost good.  BUT, a watery relish was on top of it, so half of the fish didn't hav the crunch we like - it was just soggy.  We also ordered outside our comfort zone, and tried the black bean burger.  It was surprisingly good. Crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside, with sauteed onions and mushrooms on top.

Some bad, some good = 3 stars.
Very friendly staff... I had a Mai Tai.. which was very good.. sometimes they are too sweet but this one was perfect!  For appetizers we ordered the ahi sashimi and spicy seaweed salad.  The salad had a nice kick and the ahi was awesome.. so good we had another order of it.  It was better than any I have had at a sushi place recently.  
For dinner we had the butterfish pan fried with a mushroom sauce, rice and subsituted sauteed spinach for slaw.... very yummy and not over cooked.... also had the ribs.. pretty good too.  
The patio had a nice atmosphere and misters :)
Great experience all the way around.
If you are hungry, Hula's will not let you down.  I have wanted to try Hula's for a long time and I am so happy that Groupon offered a deal.  I took my mom for brunch when she was in town.  Very friendly staff and I love the retro look of the place.  The best part....they have Sweet Potato Fries!!!  

I decided on The Big Breakfast Sandwich.  Big is an understatement!  This sandwich is huge!  A big helping of scrambled eggs, some bacon and tomato, what else could you ask for.  An awesome breakfast sandwich that went great with my mimosa!

My mom went with the Polynesian Chicken Sandwich which was also fabulous.  Just the right about of teriyaki and pineapple piled on grilled chicken.  The pesto sauce was a great touch.  My roommate who is in love with sweet potato fries order a basket along with Island Eggs Benedict.  

I will be going back to Hula's soon especially with the All-Day Drink Specials on Saturday and Sunday!
I can not say enough about this fabolus spot! From the patio, to the long board bar (and the long board on tap!) I've been several times, and every person ive brought, or come with, loves it. Great date spot, great pre funk bar, or after hours wind down location. Everything on the menu is bomb! From the Shrimp spring rolls, the ahi tuna, the fries (sweet potato or regualr) the hula burger.... OMG... im craving Hula now! thank's yelp, for making me think of this moth watering spot!
Aloha, Welcome, Greetings, Salutations and Warm Wishes from Waikiki, Arizona!

In my search for German food to "impress" my play-date, I found Hula's Modern Tiki. Yeah, I know, but I already promised schnitzel wishes and caviar dreams, but time was running short to find a decent one in the area. When that fell through, I asked and she accepted food from that exotic and expensive island.

A TON of reviews praised this place and the pictures someone took were fantastic. Not to mention we were headed down the street to Amsterdam's for martinis following, so I was game. (Side note, since we were both drinking, a long walk to Charlie's substituted where I could continue being giddy and she could sober up to drive home.)

WOW, Hula's Modern Tiki was FANTASTIC! In every aspect: cleanliness, excellent staff, ambiance, location and tasty Hawaiian themed food - but who am I to judge? The last time I was in Hawaii, I ate at Ruth Chris, Dave & Busters and Planet Hollywood. 

We ordered the basket of sweet potato fries, which she liked more than I did. I didn't have a problem, but they helped soak up the alcohol I had from the Painkiller I heard someone recommend on Yelp.  And that was, in fact a very good drink.

I had the Hapu blackened wasabi fish special that came with spinach, onions and so-so mashed potatoes. The fish was, as expected hot, but very good. She had, oh, who knows, I was on my third drink when I finally looked over after saying a silent prayer of thanks that I was driving.

The wonderful waitress, Ginger (who reminded me of Elizabeth Berkley - and I'm referring to the "Showgirls" Berkley, which is a compliment) also recommended a Mai Tai - and I must say: I DID NOT like it, so my play-date exchanged with me her Painkiller she had ordered after tasting my first one. It may be, in fact, a good drink and perhaps it didn't mesh well with the fish, but I just didn't like it. This is coming from a non-drink critic, for if I were, I doubt most my mornings wouldn't end up like woodpeckers prefer my head to the tree out back.

Apparently they have "garage door" walls that open to a rather large seating area outside during the two months of good weather in Phoenix, so I MUST come back when I can enjoy the outside. 

The place is very nicely laid out, and is HIGHLY recommended for anyone to come and check it out. My only regret is that I only go downtown, or near it, once every couple months and me and my life-non-partner love to try new places. It would be a shame if I can't come back there soon. Oh, and to the real Hawaii, as well. Hint, hint...
I think I may be obsessed with this restaurant. I've recommended it to so many people. It's a retro tiki bar, with really friendly service. I get the fish tacos, and the fish sandwich is TDF too. Also, try the Hangover drink - well, actually try any of their cocktails. Sweet potato fries FTW. They're also accommodating to big parties if you call ahead. LOVE THIS PLACE!
Went back to Hula's for a little pre-bday brunch with some family.  6 of us left trashed and full of delicious food for less than 150 bucks.  I'm not talking about lightweights either. We had a pretty serious collection of empty glasses goin on.  The pork hash was delicious.  Eggs came out a little less runny than I would like and they rushed back to grab me some new ones without making me feel like a d-bag.  Hula's is quickly becoming a regular spot for me.
I already loved Hula's before even stepping foot inside. I am a sucker for for anything modern, yet quirky and isn't afraid of using a colors besides various shades of "brown" . 

That being said, my rating may be slightly influenced by the night as a whole rather then Hula's alone - is that allowed? Ah f*ck it, here goes. 

The first visit to Hula's was a celebratory dinner/drinks with our realtor/mortage broker after a marathon short sale that finally closed. Needless to say we were ready to drink. Too damn hot to sit outside but the patio seems to be where it's at. Started off with a double Mai Tai, it was strong and tasty. The menu has lots of veggie/vegan options and we had some sweet potato fries and wakame salad as apps, both great. One double Mai Tai down the hatch we got some edamame, now all edamame is pretty much the same everywhere I have ever gotten it but this was amazing! I should point out that this was after 1.5 STRONG double Mai Tai's but the edamame had some spices on it that really made it stand out.

For dinner I got the Jamaican Jerk tofu which was simple but very good. After reading all the negative reviews on the food I wonder if I have such an underwhelming sense for decent food or everyone else is just plain wrong - jury is still out.

At this point in the evening I realize my girlfriend who is 1/2 my weight has kept pace with me and consumed the exact same about of Mai Tai's as I have - uh oh, this could get interesting. At this point we decide to head to Vertigo (if you don't know what it is then you aren't cool enough to know). Half the group doesn't make it there or passes out in a random chair while I hijack the hosts Itunes account to get some decent music playing. The night ended with a barefoot walk to the nearest light rail station and a ride home. What's my point of telling you this story? The drinks are strong, it' a fun place to meet up, and those two combined can really make your evening. 

Oh, and they have good food, yeah i said it.
Pretty good but I get mighty disappointed by jerk that doesn't melt my face off.
The black bean veggie burger is probably the most heart un-healthy veggie burger i've ever had, but it was really good. it comes smothered in carmelized onions, sauteed mushrooms, cheese and is apparently cooked on a greasy griddle. i added avocado at my server's recommendation. avocado makes everything better. 

i didn't order my own sweet potato fries, but scammed a few from a friend. the garlic aioli served with the fries was divine. i'll be back.
I know I know i reviewed Hula already, but i can only give them 5 stars at a time and i feel they deserve 100 plus! 
It was my birthday yesterday and my pick of places to go so i picked Hula! i LOVE, love, love this place. i was lucky girl got the same waitress from before, and her name is Ginger, ask for her, beautiful, on the money with service and sweet as can be. though i am sure all the staff is like that. 
I got to meet the owner Dana, he is the warmest, sweetest man alive, really! i adore him! 
We sat outside it was beautiful, the patio had a great mix of all kinds of people, i love that, and someone had there doggy there and i really LOVE that part! I had drinks of course and there is no better place in town for drinks, hands down! They are strong, sweet and will make you go home and do dirty birdy stuff for sure! 
Dinner!!! AMAZING!!! 
I ordered fish and picked it prepared jerk style, it was sooo good, i have never had jerk style sauce but highly recommend it. it came with rice and plantains and some thing called johnny cakes i think? it was kinda like cornbread but even better i could eat it everyday! 
My b/f got the jerk chicken it was so tender and moist and all the flavors blended well together, amazing, i may have to get that next time! 
We also had a half order of sweet potato fries before dinner, HEAVEN!! and a half order was HUGE, we took some home with us as well as some of our dinner. the sauce that comes with them is sweet and tangy, get them!!! 
We also had banana cream pie. it is not like the kind you get in the store It was so damn good! it had a half graham cracker half chocolate bottom, then the banana cream part and bananas on top, my mouth was happier than it had ever been! 
Everyone NEEDS to go here, you will love it and walk away feeling full and part of a caring family. 
This is hands down my favorite place to go in Arizona! 
Ohh and i have yet to try Sunday brunch but am planning on it very soon! i wanna take doggies with so they can enjoy as well! 
Say Hi to Dana while your there he will treat you so good, he took VERY good care of me, Thanks buddy!!xoxoxox 
Go, right now! this second, ~ 

ALSO..For the reviewer Patti S.... 

Harsh, harsh, harsh..I had the Same DRINKS YOU HAD AND THEY WERE FAR FROM BITTER..REALLY? BLOOD ORANGE HAPPENS TO BE ON THE SOUR OR AS YOU PUT IT BITTER SIDE..And the Pinapple taste was there, i had PLENTY of drinks and i tasted it.. 
There is no way that you can even begin to say the rice was screwed up, really/ i had the same rice you had and it was perfect, maybe because it was not made from a boil in bag you did not realize what REAL rice is.. 
Please people disregard patty's review, it was her first one, and she is a snowbird from probably south Dakota this place is rocking and happening, and anyways who uses the word ucky/ i would not trust a review from someone \that is that bland..Yeah go back to Trader Vic's nothing like a nice chain restaurant, maybe hit Denny's in the am for breakfast...I give it 100 plus stars....you wanted to try something real and not a casserole and you were far from your safety zone Patti s, that's all, plain and simple...
Freaking awesome breakfast, rock solid service, and an amazing building design. This is a winner that is here to stay! I liked everything about this place from the moment I stepped through the door. Worth a trip!
I was there Wed nite. I was with the party of 5, and I concur, it was NOT a good meal for any of us. Giving credit were I can, the ceviche, sweet potato fries and shrimp rolls were good. Other than that, the service was mediocre, the ginger in the cole slaw created  a bitter flavor, the sticky rice was not hot and had an added spice that none of us could name, and my pulled pork plate was just plain awful. The meat was smelly and tasted musty. I'll let our other guests describe their own dishes. As for Tracy D, we are NOT snowbirds, rather we have lived here for over 40 years...raised here, and own & run businesses here. We all dine out frequently! I think your comments to Patti S were pretty rude. A review of a restaurant is NOT a personal attack. Yelp was created for us ALL to voice our opinons. A bad dining experience happens. Unfotunately, this was one of those.
I loved the layout of the restaurant. Great bar area, with huge window - most of the wall facing Central Ave. which makes for a really nice lit atmosphere. A large long family table which is really fun. Huge patio area with another of the long, large family tables and individual 4 tops. So nice to see so much patio space. Owner has a collection of original Hawaiian trinkets that are really fascinating to see, Food is yummy!! Great selection on the menu. I had the pulled pork sandwich which was so tender & topped with delicious coleslaw that contained ginger. Staff really loves working there. Spoke to waitress in the restroom and she said it is so nice to work at a place where everyone really likes being there and takes pride in the service they give. That was nice to hear. Owners very nice. I will be going back. Only improvement I would make is the signage on the north side of the building. Not easy to read.
For those of you who are familiar, this feels like a wanna-be Duke's, but lacking style and food follow-through. I wanted to like this place as i was really craving some good fish, but left disappointed with my jerk-prepared butterfish.  Even the sweet potato fries seemed a little mushy.
Favorite place for a Mai Tai : Hula's

Favorite place for a hamburger: Hula's

Stopped in for happy hour the other day and we sat at the bar ( our first time doing so)  We were a little confused when our Mai Tais came because they didn't have the dark rum floater...figured they must have just mixed it. Our guess was confirmed when we saw a bartender shake one up prior to serving.  You can get yours "unshaken" if you ask for it.

Devoured our small order of sweet potato fries( always AWESOME)...we almost ready to fight over the chance to lick the basket liner!

Our Hula burgers came and broke up the fight.  They looked so incredible!  We WERE starving, but that is not why they looked so good.

We each got the same burger ( med. rare), with blue cheese, but the mrs ordered a salad and I went with the slaw.

We might have stopped to breath, but have no recollection. The Hula burger is one of the best burgers in town.  Perfect shape, super tasty and super juicy. The bun and onions are a perfect match.  The burger was the main event for about 4 minutes.....the world went on unnoticed by us.  Even the cool beach movie with a super young, pre orange George Hamilton became a blur.

 I almost always try slaw when it is on the menu as a side.  Usually I am disappointed.  It is either not that good, or really good but comes in a micro bowl tablespoon serving. Why?  It is cabbage?

 Best Slaw in Town: Hula's

Not only was it delicious, it was a more of a family reunion buffet-like serving. YEAH!

Another thing...try the Hinano beer.  Good stuff!

The mrs. is planning to have one of book club meeting there for brunch one time....I might tag along and see if I can get a burger!   ...maybe I can get that as a loco moco!
First I want to thank Hula for saving my date night.  We headed out for Postino Central for their wine and bruchetta special on a Tuesday and were disappointed to find out there was an hour wait.   So we headed up central looking for an alternative. I saw Hula and remembered I've wanted to try it for while, so that's where we ended up.  I started with a blood orange martini and sweet potato fries.  The martini was awesome, but I have to say the fries had potential, but they weren't crispy.  For dinner I had the Jamaican jerk tofu.  It was pretty flavorful and the corn cakes and plantains that came with it were a nice addition.   The meal was good, the service was great and the overall ambiance was chill yet urbane.  It wasn't the best place I've ever been, but I'll definitely go back. I love that there are several vegetarian options to choose from, so I'm eager to see how the other entrees turn out with tofu.
I think everytime I've gone to Hula's, I've always had disappointment, even though the fish is probably the freshest, and living on the islands for 5 years, it's the closest but not exact.

One sunday evening, I decided to take some co-workers out for dinner.  There were only about 4 tables with people, therefore, "slow" nite.  One co-worker brought her very hungry boyfriend who had been watching the football games all day.  He did ask if it was possible to turn on the game since there was nobody in the bar area watching the "Hawaiian" shows.  The waitress came back and told him the manager would not change it, of course he was pretty irked about it and was making a fuss about the fact nobody was watching Lilo and Stitch in the bar area, I have to agree, seriously Mr. Manager.  

The manager never came to the table to explain the reason, but just stared at him who is a big man, who was in fact worried his steak was going to be spit on or something, which again I have to agree, a manager that keeps looking at you with "stink eye" (it's a Hawaiian Pigeon term) , you have to wonder.  It's a game, who cares about hula dancers and fire tossing on a sunday night. 

Food was good, the wasbi mash potatoes were not that good this time around.  We spent over $100 easily, and never a thank you for coming to Hulas.  Again, local restaurant managers and owners, be aware, some individuals like myself try to support local businesses than chains, but with the service I've seen, may have to take you off my list of recommendations. 

I did go to a sunday brunch the eggs benidict descent and the waitress was probably the best one I've been waited on..
Really wanted to love this place, as I'm drawn to tiki themed establishments like a moth to light.  We went in the early evening (maybe 5:30 or 6) to partake in some happy hour specials and ordered ceviche, one of the house specials.  The ceviche we received had obviously been sitting for awhile, as the fish was mushy to the point that you would've been better off eating it with a spoon - gross.  Luckily, the waitress agreed that the batch was way off and removed it from the bill.  Coconut shrimp rolls were crispy and tasty, and we loved our mai tai and dark and stormy.  We were planning on splitting the macadamia encrusted butterfish with mango sauce, but when we tried it, my boyfriend gagged and refused to eat another bite.  I thought the flavors were a bit strange/overly sweet but would've given it more of a chance.  However, at that time, friends of ours called and invited us to join them at Pita Jungle, so we just paid and left.  

Waste of money, but now we know: come here for drinks and cooked apps and beware of the fish!
What happened to Hula's?  Went there 6 months or so ago and had a nice lunch.  Went there with friends 2 weeks ago and although the service was fine, two of us had the Coconut Shrimp Roll salad.  We each took a bite and looked at each other, there was absolutely no flavor to the shrimp rolls or the salad.  It's like all their seasonings were stolen.  We put salt on it, but it didn't really help.  As we were on our lunch hour, we didn't want to send it back and have to wait for something else.  But we did fill out the comment card telling them this and I left my email address.  I have not received any response from them.  We won't be going back.
This is an great placed. brought to phx from from santa cruz,ca. one the best things that has crossed over to az from cali in a long time. the staff is great! the poke and dr funk are my favorite! ive never brought a guest in for their first visit that didnt return because the food, service and decor are awesome! VISIT HULA!!! another wonderful thing about this great spot is they regularly give back to the community by donating sales to various nonprofits in arizona! i heart hula! and u will too!
Now you all know I don't really write Yelp reviews except when I feel like being a complete jackass or showing off my brilliant writing skills, but for once, this is a legit review that I just had to do.  I had been putting off having dinner with a family friend that I haven't seen for nearly a decade for a while, and he finally conned me into it.  Hey, free dinner, I'll take it.  

I've been to Hula's a few times, and it's a cool joint with a great patio.  I thought it would be a chill place to go chat and grub on tasty food.  However, it took about 3 seconds for me to realize that my friend was one of "those" people.  Ya know, 9000 special requests, never pleased with anything, and constantly changing their mind.  Basically, the dude that everyone just loves to be at a restaurant with.  A server's nightmare.

So as I'm sitting there trying not to smack him, it dawns on me that our waitress, Estelle, is handling this fool with as much grace as I've ever witnessed from a server........She was charming, funny, and when most servers would have tossed a drink in his face or spit on his burger, ok wait........

"Double baco-cheese, it's for a cop."
"What does that mean, you're gonna spit in it now?"
"Don't spit, in that cop's burger"

"I don't want a large Farva, I want a god damn liter of cola!"

Sorry couldn't resist the Super Troopers reference.  Basically, she was perfect.  When he wanted a bigger lemon wedge for his water, I almost murdered him, and the only thing that stopped me was her wink, smile, and promise to him that he was about to have the best lemon wedge of his life. The food was good, but the experience in general started out daunting and Estelle was a champion.  

The next time you're headed to Hula's, I recommend that giant bowl of booze, and I also recommend checking for open tables in Estelle's section.
Great ambiance....Romantic... if thats what you are looking for. Awesome Cocktails and apps.... Loved the staff.... Bathroom clean as a whistle. Loved the sink in the bathroom Ultra chic... Fresh Fish.... Actually some of the freshest fish in the valley...... Loved it. Will be a regular.... Oh lets not forget the superb pation...
Well Dang I guess I wont be first to review haha.....

Apparently Hula's reputation precedes it.  The fun vintage atmosphere combined with an excellent wait staff, good mix of cocktails, and a great fairly diverse menu makes this place a 5 star in my books.....

Fun Vintage converted Garage (I think?) a nice older notstalgia with a modern twist the name says it all.....

I ordered a Griled Mahi Sandwich, Court ordered a Cheeseburger (we are creatures of habit)......let me tell you it may have been one of the best meals I have ever had.....literally.

The drinks were very well mixed (yes it was the middle of the day but were no drunks...) Just strong enough but you could taste the layers....and they knew how to make a fogcutter which is a staple of 1950's Tiki bars.

Sweet potato fries with Wasabi Ranch Dipping sauce gets extra point for being unique (as if 5 stars wasn't enough).

I do think the food has quite a sophisticated taste for being pretty much Burgers and Fries....it was a great lunch although I have heard this place gets elbow to elbow at night and on weekends.......best to hit it up when its not so bust IMHO.

Great Value, Great Food, Great Service = Zero Complaints....
Be sure to have a Mai Tai. Its so good you can't have just one!!
It's really easy to find this place cause of it's unique blue symmetry shapes. When I first walk in I immediately felt really comfortable as I saw the fire pit and lots of umbrellas and table outdoor. They also have a bar area and indoor as well. After tried 4 appetizers that they had, I concur this place is one of the coziest place in Phoenix that serves a superb meals :) I loved their pork tacos and would be coming back for more!
Hula's always get's mixed reactions from people I meet. They either hate it or love it. 

I have converted.

My first experience at Hula's was not the best.. so I wrote the owner a letter. He comp'd my next meal and has recognized me since. Their service is great.

I've only come here for brunch -- so that's the reason for 4 stars. 

$2 Mimosas? YES PLEASE.

My favorite FAVORITE item on the brunch menu: Ahi Tuna eggs benedict. AMAZING. I dream about it. Best!
The food wasn't nearly as impressive as the decor, glad the service made up for it. The pineapple wine was delicious.
DEELLISH and EXCELLENT SERVICE!  I would even say this place has a view b/c you can sit inside/outside.  I bet this place would be great for a weekday happy hour.

I took my mom and sister there for brunch on Saturday and they loved everything.  I ordered the delicious french toast, mom ordered the polynesian chicken sandwich which was a really large well cooked chicken and my sis ordered the cajun burger which was only just ok.  But the sweet potato fries were great!
We sat outside on the patio on a beautiful, sunny, Tuesday afternoon. I ordered a "something pink bikini tini" and it was pretty darn tasty. We ordered the sweet potato fries which were good. The sauce they served with the fries definitely stole the spot light though! It was slightly sweet & creamy. I ordered the Coconut Shrimp Rolls & salad off their lunch menu. They were delicious, but I wish they were a little heavier on the coconut. From the looks of their happy hour menu, it looks like a great deal. I will definitely be back to try out their happy hour!
I'm gonna be that girl who writes a review just based on drinking (boo! hiss!) but know that I am wholeheartedly returning to fully review Hula's from soup to nuts.  Whether soup and nuts are on the menu that night or not.

From the start, Hula's seemed way up my alley - the fine marriage of sexy-class with kitschy tiki wonder.  The name says it all, and my being a girl who enjoys a little Polynesian flair, I just had to go.  The space is intriguing - like a modular spaceship tucked into the desert, decorated by a holdover from Trader Vics.  I came here to drink while waiting for friends and was bowled over by the Happy Hour prices in correlation to the quality of the drinks.  I had just read a scintillating post on ChowHound about the oft misunderstood Mai Tai - no pineapple juice or grenadine but copious amounts of rum and a bit of Orgeat (an almond liquer).  Hula's is as authentic as they come, addictively drinkable and potent while still maintaining the smoothness and characteristic flavor.  I fell in love.

Servers and bartenders are laid back and charming, and the atmosphere is bubbly without being too boisterous.  I'll definitely come back and tuck into food next time, because you all know I can't just sip and dash.
Not gonna bother writing a super long and descriptive review with almost 200 reviews before me. Bottom line I liked this place, I will come back for sure! Was told multiple times that I needed to come here and finally did. Had the pork sandwich on the brunch menu and it was really good. 
The only problem I had with the place was our server was just a little weird, not rude or anything, she just would comment on things that she thought we were looking at on the menu and just kept walking by with her input, but not a big deal. And then not like this place could help it but I was really bothered by the other patrons there, the tables are close so I guess you can hear other people more than you would want to but some of these people were just real stuck up. Being at a trendy place doesn't make you super cool, so just chilax and have a good time or go home. But yeah, not like they could do anything about it, but if your thinking about going and your a snooty brat, just don't.
I struggle with Hula's.  I want to like it so much and yet, every time I leave I always feel like my experience was a wash. 

The good: Their patio is killer.  It's probably one of the best in Phoenix.  They have great happy hours, especially on the weekends.  The menu has some very interesting and tasty sounding items on it.

The bad: The service is definitely only adequate.  It is easy to be forgotten about here.  Then we come to the food.  I said everything sounds great, but when it comes to taste, the flavors are just middling.  Nothing pops save for the sweet potato fries, but even those don't hold a candle to the ones at Fez or Delux.  I blame their sauces.

Given it's location, Hula's is a good place to go, but don't expect to be blown away by the food.
Tiki!  Tiki! 

Hula's is my happy place.  Delicious food that's fresh and flavorful.  Excellent service, and the signature drinks, Dr Funk, The Painkiller, and others are fantastic, no matter the season.  The Poke appetizer is my favorite, but everything I've at Hula's has been inspiring.  

If you're really nice, they MAY even turn on your favorite sports game in the bar just for you!  

Hula's... we love you!
I've eaten at Hula's Modern Tiki twice, loved it! They have a great patio, attentive servers, and yummy drinks. 

Happy hour is until 6, great deals on drinks and appetizers. I have tried the shrimp rolls, pulled pork sandwich, sweet potato fries, and mai tai's. I would order them all again. Can't wait to go back and enjoy sitting by the fire outside!
Loved this place! 

The sweet potato fries were yummy, & the small was large enough for 3 of us. The Hawaiian ceviche & the coconut shrimp rolls were DELICIOUS. I washed that all down with a drink called THE PAIN KILLER, lol, but I'm pretty sure it's a pina colada of sorts :)
I wanted so much to love this place and tried it on multiple occasions.  But alas, it's just ok.

Service is fine.  Bartenders are friendly.  Food is solid, but not exceptional.  Never had anything bad, but never had anything memorable either.  And the cocktails always disappointed.
This is such a cool place.  I had to come back to get the full experience.  The retro/hawaiian feel was awesome and they were playing Forbidden Planet on the big screen, so my hubby was in geek heaven.  Drinks are great.  I had the Pink Bikini Martini and my husband the Zombie.  Wow, the Zombie is for serious drinkers, it is super strong.  I guess we are a little bit out of practice.  We'll be back for some more fun.
Went for lunch with my husband.  I had the tofu asian vegetable salad.  It was just okay.  The salad was fairly expensive- over $11.  It was pretty small.  I was laughing about it having the word vegetable in it because it contained lettuce, carrots and tomatoes with wontons and fried tofu.  Since tomatoe is a fruit that means the vegetable salad contains exactly two vegetables.

My husband got a pork taco with rice and beans.  He very much enjoyed his.

I will not go out of my way to eat here again and I certainly would never order that salad again.
What a wonderful December evening to have dinner on Hula's outdoor patio. We got there about six, and were seated immediately outside next to the fire pit. I thought we might get to hot, but it was Great seating. I ordered the Blackbean burger and yam fries. The burger was delicious and so were the fries. I'm not much of a fan for mixed drinks, but I did order a glass of wine that was just perfect with my food. The service was great, and I would go back to this place.
stopped here on a slow Friday night, on a whim I'm glad we acted upon.

we'd driven by earlier in the evening, and I nearly flipped my lid when I saw a classic movie playing on a big screen, in the dining room. I just knew I had to eat here!

we sat inside, since it was chilly out(although they did have a fire pit going on the patio, where many people were drinking).

the menu was expansive, with fair-to-steep prices(but nothing exorbitant). I had the ahi sashimi(exactly what I'd been craving), and we shared the spicy edamame(SO good, though a bit greasy, but for $5 it was an enormous plate--we brought half of it home, and I finished it for lunch the next day). hubby had the jerk chicken(tender and succulent, served with caramelized plantains, amazing 'johnnycakes'--more like savory gingerbread--and rice with pineapple chunks).

best of all? cheap, strong, delicious tiki drinks(and a fantastic, fairly-priced wine list). I had the Zombie--dark rum, pineapple and lime juices. sooo yummy!

and as we ate, we enjoyed 'Donovan's Reef', a Hawai'i-based John Wayne film. yay :D

all in all, a fantastic evening...can't wait to return(hopefully, for Christmas Eve)!
Super cool atmosphere, phenomenal food and wizardly crafted drinks make Hula's a guaranteed good time for anyone who enjoys the best parts of life! B-)
Very fresh, young, trendy vibe here. Indoor and outdoor dining experience seem to blend together fairly well, along with all the decor and lighting.

I absolutely loved the Hapu fish (Lemon Encrusted style) dish, extremely light and buttery fish, with a nice crunch to the skin. Great saucy flavor, a slight tang of pineapple and lemon, but nothing too strong. It had a nice side of cole slaw and rice. The One Eyed Pyrt was my drink ($5 happy hour!), and it was a good rum drink, which it had more alcohol though, kinda felt like I was just drinking fruit punch after a while.

Kris liked the Jamaican Jerk, but it was more like a curry styled dish, slightly spicer and style than he had envisioned. I guess I'm glad I picked a fish dish and not his dish since his stomach was trying to handle the curry hours later. 

Sadly, I was still hungry after my meal ($44 for the both of us), and was hoping for a little more food... but the actual quality and taste of the food is 5 stars, just falls 1 star short because of quantity. :/
So I had a first date and needed to pick a spot to go.  He was naming the places and I was yaying or naying them.  He said there's a place where you can sit outside and there's a fire pit and I was sold.  I got there first and got us a table outside and under a heat lamp and the wait staff was really nice while I waited, making sure I had everything I wanted.  He got there and we both ordered a beer, and he got the hula burger and I had the coconut shrimp roles with a side of plantains.  The shrimp rolls were good, not amazing but I would get them again and he said it was one of the best burgers he's ever had.  I stole a few fries and they were awesome.  I wasn't that impressed with the plantains- I'm used to a different preparation but they were okay.  I would definitely go back for the great atmosphere and to try out some of their specialty drinks.
This place is rockin! It's really easy to make tiki seem really lame, but Hula's does a great job of creating a cool, modern tiki environment. On top of that, the food is very tasty. 

I had the steak sandwich. The ingredients and seasoning mixed very well together. The steak was perfectly cook and was really great quality. Good prices for what you get.
I absolutely love this place. Atmosphere, good food, good drinks, friendly staff. I have been there twice now and have had no issues.
Meet with old friends on the patio last night. Even with the rain it was delightful. Our server was attentive and the happy hour bites were quite tasty.  I enjoyed on tap the longboard ale from the Maui Brewing Company, something I've only been able to do in Maui or in a bottle locally. I would definitely go again.
So Jamie and I returned, as planned, for Christmas Eve at Hula's. And, as expected, it was a cozy, perfect evening.

Our server was friendly and helpful, when it came to my quandary over which new tiki drink to try(I settled on a Mai Tai, followed--after the food--by the Hawai'i 5-0. The Mai Tai was delightfully tart, while the 5-0 was fruity and refreshing.). We also got a chance to chat with the owner of Hula's, Dana, who was friendly and personable(also, seemingly the only business owner who actually reads Yelp reviews).

As for food, we shared the whitefish ceviche(a lovely bite from the citrus juices, with a melt-in-your-mouth aspect added by the coconut juice, all accented by the brightness of fresh chopped onions, chili, and cilantro). We also ordered the spicy edamame again--what can I say? I'm addicted! Jamie loved his Cajun burger and totally cleared his plate of fries("they were sooo perfectly crispy"), while I ordered a (giant, $1) bowl of rice.

So, once again, Hula's has left us happy and wanting more!
I had been meaning to try Hulas for some time, but could never quite make it over.  A friend invited me for her birthday celebration & I immediately RSVP'd with a yes, excited to try a new place.

Aside from our large party, the restaurant was relatively empty on a Monday night. Maholo Mondays... fantastic. They donate to a charity every Monday night & pick a new charity every month. LOVE IT!

Our server was great.  Witty, knowledgeable, and not afraid to make suggestions.  We had the Calamari appetizer and my boyfriend & I both ordered the Butterfish, but had it prepared in 2 different ways.  Overall, I enjoyed my meal.  The drinks were tasty, albeit a little pricey.  I enjoyed the slaw side, but wish that I'd had something other than plain white rice as my other side.  

I do think I'll go back in the future to try more tasty treats!
So the drinks are ok and the food is fine and it's conveniently located and the service is good.

So what doesn't work about this place?

The very notion of postmodern clear-surfaced restraint applied to the inherent and necessary tackiness of a tiki bar. That's what doesn't work.

Tiki bars aren't places you see profiled in Modern Architecture. They are the bottom of the barrel of grandiose American bourgeois self-indulgence. Yeah, and the drinks should be exotic and strong. That goes without saying. But you can have a Zombie or a Dr. Funk of Tahiti in any Hilton. You go to a tiki bar to remind yourself of how tacky previous generations were in their attempts to stretch beyond the blandness of plaid polyester slacks from JC Penney and Oldsmobile 88's without leaving Des Moines.  

To appreciate the tiki bar today we must approach with irony. However, Hula represents an irony in itself: A contradiction that is unresolved and leaves one asking "why?"
In two visits to Hula's, I feel it is a strong two star establishment and there are several reasons why I feel this way.

Food quality seemed good, but menu items I tried were fairly bland and not very interesting, though I do find this holds true at many "hawaiian" restaurants. Drinks here are stiff and during happy hour you can pick up a nice buzz for very little money, and this is a plus. The restaurant is nicely designed and modern feeling, hence the name Modern Tiki. 

Televisions here, I'm assuming, are reserved for 50 year old batman movies, cartoons, and Hawaiian videos, since that's the only thing I've seen on the screens. I never understand movies in a bar with no sound, they don't make very good background ambiance as they are designed to be heard and draw you in. If sports were on, it would be great because you can glance up every now and then between conversations and see whats going on. You don't have to watch a whole plot unfold. 

My last visit, after a day of mountain biking with a friend on Squaw Peak, we stopped here for happy hour and sat on the patio. They turned on the fire pit for us and even though we were seated next to it, it provided little warmth. The fire pit did however overwhelm us with the odor of propane burning. Oh well. We asked to split the bill, mine card and my friend's cash. We handed the it to the waitress and I said "put the remainder on the card" yet she came back with two separated checks... both charged to MY CREDIT CARD. I asked why I would want the bill split up on my card and where the cash went. She said she thought it was a tip ($13 when the bill was $22) and I said no, you were supposed to take the cash off, then put the rest on the card. Please refund my card the amount of my friend's meal, and apply his cash toward that. She argued thats not right and refunded both meals on my card, took the cash, and said we were good to go. I signed the bill but I wonder if I was ever charged. She was doing her business a disservice with her awful, awful, serving skills.

On another visit, the bartender spent my entire time there acting like he was too cool to be at work, I was bothering him by making him do his job, and I wasn't welcome to sit there.

This could be a nice spot if they cleaned up the service problems and added a little oomph to the food. For now, I say it's a pretty restaurant with good stiff drinks. Service and friendliness is half the battle though. Unhappy/dumb as rocks staff = unhappy customers.
Went there for drinks on New Years Eve.  Our server Ginger was attentive and helpful.  The 2011 NYE proved to be dastardly cold in Phoenix, so Hula was kind enough to move us in to restaurant table (this was at 9:30ish) so our big group didn't have to freeze outside. I enjoyed the Dr. Funk and it was delicious also we sampled the sweet potato fries and thought they were great as well.  Can't wait to make it back when it is tad warmer and enjoy the awesome out door patio and the full menu. Also Hula was easily accessible by light rail, some friends of ours came that way after the suns game.  I felt it was a truly unique kind of place.
The place itself was aesthetically pleasing. However, the food is a little pricy and quite greasy. I felt as if I was consuming 1800 calories with each bite of my food (granted, I did get the burger--it is possible that the fish was delicious albeit expensive). I would probably not go again, however.
We didn't go in to Hula's for a while because it was right next to the booshy coffee shop and we just don't ever seem to feel comfortable around those crowds. But one day, when we had the night to ourselves, we decided to do a little bar hopping around the 'hood. I am DYING to try the volcano, let me just start with that! We had some good, pretty drinks at good prices, and a basket of sweet potato fries, which were on the house since the waiter forgot about us. GREAT service, btw. We went back a while later with my sister and her boyfriend who loved it. I'm sure we'll be back again as soon as we have another night on our own. Or maybe we'll go with the kids. The set up is awesome, it's 1/2 outdoor which is perfect with the kids, and there's an outdoor firepit and some bike racks. Can't wait to try this place again. I honestly have no complaints.
Mildly disappointing overall, based on one dinner visit and the high expectations I came in with from Yelp.  

For a fish dominated menu, the aquatic entrees the six of us had were generally pretty boring.  Smallish filets, surprisingly dull sides. Fish apps were up and down. 

Everything else was A-OK.  Good ambience. The owner smiled and made some small talk.  Our server was decent ( and drop dead gorgeous). Potables were potent - I gleefully endorse the Dark & Stormy, a rum and ginger beer concoction.  

I just wish the food was a little more passionate.
This is still one of our favorite restaurants.  Thus far I have taken my parents, friends from out of town, book club, my husband/son and just last night I took my brother and his friend from out of town who was able to just pop up to our neck of the woods by taking light rail!

I am always impressed with the professional way this bar is run and the fabulous food and the open air environment.  I love the poke, the fish cakes, the french fries, and I nearly always get the spicy shrimp caesar.

I highly recommend this restaurant STILL and I am delighted to say they are still open and doing a brisk business every time we go in.
We went here last Wednesday and it was delicious as always. All day Wednesday is "Tiki Time" meaning, Happy Hour prices on apps and drinks. I had the luau pork sandwich which the menus calls "heaven on a bun". The meat is cooked perfect, the bun is soft with a little bit of sweetness and the coleslaw is a great compliment.
My husband had the steak tacos which he said had great flavor. The patio is awesome and has a fun urban feel. You can see the light rail go by while hearing the bells chiming from St Francis church next door. This is definitely a restaurant to put in your regular rotation!
Hula's is a cool, not too cheesy, tiki bar in central Phoenix. I like it because it's right off the light rail, only a short ride from my house. Usually sit on the outside patio, which faces Central. Haven't really tried much of the food, calamari was pretty good and been told that their burgers are delish.
The best part of Hula's is their Tiki Time happy hour, weekdays 330-6 and all day on the weekends! I'm not usually a Mai tai fan, but theirs are reeeally good.  They have brunch specials on the weekends, haven't tried that out yet but need to soon...  I'm always on the prowl for a mimosa!!
Overall, I really dig this place. Chill and a great happy hour!
My husband and I have collected tikis for years. When we moved to Phoenix and found this place we knew we were in for a treat. It is now our favorite restaurant! I love that they have vegetarian options. Spicy Tofu Tacos and a Mai Tai, yum!
Tiki Time! I highly recommend Hula's. The patio is fantastic with a firepit right in the middle. Happy hour (Tiki Time) features most of their drinks for only $5. The food was fabulous as well. Very casual environment, and great place to spend an afternoon on the patio.
Just tried this place for the first time with friends the other night. Lovely atmosphere although its mostly outdoor seating. Had the Ahi Caeser salad which was heavenly. Good drinks as well! A little pricey but a good time none-the-less!
Hula's you've won me over.

My second visit was brimming with warm friendly service, reasonable drinks and tasty food.

The indoor/outdoor blended space here is awesome on a gorgeous Phoenix evening in February!

Until next time Hula's!
My how time flies.  I remember all the buzz when this building was being remodeled.  Now almost a year and a half after it opened, and a bunch of reviews, I finally had the opportunity to dine here.  I was amongst a Smunch group that met for brunch on a Saturday.  

I love the space. A combination of indoor, outdoor and part of both.  

The service for our party of about 20 was really great.  Our group consisted of folks from 1 to over 60 and all our needs were well attended to.

Their brunch menu consists of items from their regular corporate menu and some special items designed locally.  I chose the Island Eggs Benedict and enjoyed it and the hash browns it came with.  I ordered the decaf and it is the first decaf I have had in a long time that tasted like a real cup of coffee!  At least at our table I heard no big complaints about the food.

A couple of things that kept my rating at 3.5 instead of 4:  Parking sucks, this is more important to those like myself not used to uptown/downtown venues. One of my poached eggs was hard cooked in the middle.

I would certainly not complain about going here again.
I came here the other night as part of a college alumni event.  I have to say that I enjoyed the appetizers especially the sweet potato fries.  They have a fine selection of drinks.  However, I could not figure out what the deal was regarding the televisions.  One large screen television had the University of Arizona game, the other had Gilligan's Island.  On second thought, I think I figured out why Gilligan's Island was on.  After I saw the drink prices and how outrageous they are I immediate thought of Thurston Howell and the fact that the prices seemed to be cheap for him and expensive for anyone else.

The atmosphere is standard downtown yuppie with mediocre music.

The indoor/outdoor blended atmosphere is unique and useful this time of year, but I am not sure how it would fare in July.

So..so..!
Went for happy hour yesterday. Had the fish cakes and sweet potato fries. Both were awesome! The fish cakes were moist and seasoned just right so that they weren't fishy but had that seafood flavour just enough that you knew what you were eating. The fries were honey glazed and came with a thousand island type dipping sauce that was a great compliment to the sweetness of the fries. Didn't have any drinks but they had pretty good specials and my friends enjoyed theirs. Nice bartenders, awesome décor, big screen TVs playing sports and Gilligan's Island, and good food. Will definitely be back.
Saturday & Sunday all day (11ish-7) funday?? What could be better? Well on this past Sunday nothing! Went for a friend's birthday celebration...was my first time going Tiki and I have to say the sweet potato fries and Hawaii 5-0 were a perfect addition to an already awesome day...Let's just say I am ready to Tiki it up again!
I love a good theme restaurant, especially ones that serves awesome girly drinks in tiki-cups. 

My friend, Kelsee I, and a couple others came here for dinner on a busy Saturday night  but were seated almost immediately. The place was packed and was great to sit outside on a cold night. The heater was really hot and could have been turned down a bit.

I had the steak sandwich with sweet potato fries and side of sweet plantains. The steak was chewy so I had to cut it up in tiny pieces. I must admit that I had a late lunch so I was not hungry and should have saved room for dinner but everything tasted fine. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and my girly, Dr.Funk drink. Worked up a good buzz.

I need to come back for more. Maybe next time, I might be adventurous enough to share a giant fish bowl of booze with the table.
Great Atmosphere.  Hawaii five-o meets the desert!!  I love Hawaiian food, but this place offers a lighter side to the Hawaiian life style.  Minus the Spam and Heavy portions of the Serious "plate plate" meal in Hawaii, I consider this place satisfactory.  If you want a taste of Hawaii try the Luau Pork plate.  I had Hawaiian style Roasted pork before, and Hulas is pretty darn good.  Season well, not to salty.  Try the blacken Wasabi Fish, also a good choice.  The decor is what impressed me the most, back in the day restaurant, used to be a mid-century florist.   Adorned in Tiki statues and fabulous outdoor fire pit...
I have lived in Phoenix for 10 days and decided to venture out for lunch today. And then, I fell in love. Love the decor, love the vibe, love the staff, love the food. Can't wait to take everyone there. So happy to have this place in my neighborhood.
Simply delightful. The hip interior is themed (of course),  but without overkill. I love the unique L-shape building structure that opens up to the patio and fire pit. Large rolling doors open the entire inside- making you feel as though you're actually sitting outside. The staff is friendly, crowd ecclectic. They have great happy hour specials- especially the tofu street tacos and sweet potato fries.
Drove here with friends on a whim to check it out.  They had seen it advertised somewhere and wanted to give it a shot.

We were greeted by a guy who turned out to be our server (Ronnie) and he was the perfect blend of sarcasm and sweet that you want in a waiter when you are there for drinks with friends.

My hubby ordered the pork potstickers and he LOVED them.  I had the mac n cheese (average, but I ate it) and the sweet potato fries (yum!).  Our friends had two types of fish - couldn't tell you what but they devoured it!

We had a great night out and will definitely be back.  Thanks!
Delicious! Excellent Service! I had the black bean burger and it was very yummy and big!! Also, the sweet potato fries and the greens salad were quite tasty. I will definetly go back.
This is only the 3rd time I have eaten at Hula's and this time around it was better than the other two times.  I had the chicken tacos which were really good!  I love the decor of the place and cant wait to go and sit on the patio when the weather get a little warmer.
I am FAN! Just not on thursday night.....

Happy hour is wonderful.
Location is great, as well as the lighting.
'tender finds himself in my good graces, very friendly.
Scorpion bowl...mmmmmm! 

All the apps are wonderful...

They even have a Justin Bieber "look a like" working there hahah!

My favorite place for Tuesday night...stop by and say hi!

R\_

NOTE: If your the eccentric type and search out for great restrooms...
this place and St. Francis are my favorite mid-week places.... ;p
I came here for Happy Hour on a Wednesday after a long day to watch a Suns game with a friend and had a nice relaxing time. I love that they have Kona beers, especially because not many places have the Koko brown on tap which is just too delicious to not try if you're a fan of coconut and beer. I also had an order of Tofu tacos that were perfect for a light meal and not lacking on taste. I'll definitely be back since it's in the neighborhood!
There's plenty of potential here, and the $2 mimosas on the weekends are pretty awesome.

But we waited around 45 minutes for our food. My dish arrived tepid. The Hangover Hash was disappointing, but my wife's Island Eggs Benedict was terrific, with rich and smoky ham. I eat a lot of ham, and Hula's ham made me take a step back. Maybe the late service should be chalked up to a rush or an anomaly, but our server didn't seem particularly aware of how long it was taking, and also didn't seem interested in checking in on us.

ADDENDUM: Hula's owner reached out to apologize for our lack of service that day, assuring me they were still working out a few logistical issues. Having worked in the restaurant industry, I'm aware how those things often spiral out of control of the staff. I've waited far longer at places, and part of this review stemmed from the fact our 16 month old daughter was with us, tired and cranky.

The truth is, we loved the ambiance and prices. If the food had come quicker, we would've been pleased with the service (we could've had more check-ins, however). I should've emphasized the potential...when the logistics are ironed out, this will be one of the best brunches in Phoenix. As-is, it's really good. (If you don't have a toddler who hasn't napped, that is.)
Truth be told, I was holding off on my review of Hula's because I just didn't share everyone's enthusiasm for the place. 

Without a doubt, the space is cool. The concept is original for Phoenix. 

But, I'm not big on super sweet drinks so their signature cocktails were not on my list of "big deal happy hour bargains" and the food wasn't anything I craved. Until now. 

They must be new, because they are not included on the menu posted on the website, but there are some rice bowl additions. I had the steak bowl. I'm telling you: the steak was pink and tender, the sauce was spicy and craveable, it was a generous portion size and, over all, that bowl alone will get me to be the first to say, "Hey! Let's go to Hula's!!"
Went here for lunch on a Saturday. Had the pulled pork sandwich and it was delicious. The enviorment was decorated in reto hawaiian stuff. With a very open air feel. The server was very nice. We enjoyed our time her very much.
Hula's is a great little bar. I like it a lot. Their drink pours are strong! I still haven't had any of their bowls, as I haven't been there when I want to get wasted! 

The food is pretty good. I've had dinner and brunch there and been absolutely fine with the food. As with most of Phoenix, its a little pricey. Not ridiculous though. 

Get their drinks! They specialize in that! Dark and Stormy would only be made better if they used better rum (Whaler's? C'mon...I thought you wanted to make me a good drink) try Kraken in those (they didn't have Kraken when I asked).

Sometimes they have Gilligan's Island on the TV in Espanol or Frances, which is fun!
The pluses.  It is close to light rail, the drinks are good (I'd like them a smidge stronger, but I have issues).  The minuses, I think the food it a bit weak.  That said, this still puts it above Trader Vics in my book.  The patio is great on evenings, the inside can get a little crowded for happy hour. I am a sucker for their drinks (still served in politcally incorrect Fu-Manchu style mugs).  Sweet potato fries are always good.  The edamame is spicy which is a nice switch.  The tacos are meh, the burgers are meh.  Really, you are coming here for the drinks and fun not necessarily for the food.  If they could make the food as crave-worthy I'd probably set up shop here and never leave.
Went in for a Saturday brunch 3/20/11 with madre and had the Island Eggs Benedict (with ham). Perfect. A little sad that the appetizers weren't available as I told her about the fish cakes and fries I had last time. She got the fish tacos and a zombie cocktail though, and wasn't disappointed. 

Still a nice downtown place to eat but note that not all menu items are always available.
I thoroughly enjoyed the eggs benedict w/portuguese sausage...excellent!! My son had the carnitas tacos and thought it was best thing he's tasted in a while....we actually received the tacos for free because a server dropped some sauce on my son on accident....I was amazed & delighted by this gesture : )

They also had great specials on mimosas..I believe they were $3 for brunch on Saturday.

I will be back here to enjoy other dishes on the menu.
I was prepared to love Hula's upon my first visit on a Wednesday evening.  We decided to have happy-hour appetizers as our meal and some Zombie's.  The drinks were great, however we weren't thrilled with the appetizers. 

We had the sweet potato fries. They were under cooked, not good at all, and not even comparable to Fez's.  We barely touched them.

We had the Shrimp Rolls and the Fish Cakes.  The shrimp rolls were fair, a little greasy though.  The fish cakes were tough and tasteless.  They could have been silly putty cakes for all  I knew. 

We also had the pulled pork tacos. They were fair, although they were served cold. 

Maybe it was an off night. I see so many positive reviews that I'll give it another try.
Most delicious hamburger on the planet. We love it here!
mainly for their drinks and the happy hour on Wednesdays!!! We had many different things for food and all tasted really good. The place has nice decoration and you really feel comfortable wherever you sit.

The 5th star will come when they don't force you to tip :) (Can't I decide if the service was that good or not?)
Have you tried their  banana coconut cream pie???? Get your butt over there and get it. There was even a layer of chocolate in there !! That is insane ....it was insane and only $6. Go get it right now.
Ok, Asian fusion has so many faces, that its always hard to rate one against the other, because they're just different.

After a bit of a night, we stopped here and had one more, and I ordered the Ahi Wasabi bowl, with wasabi cream sauce.  YUM!  The ahi was cut like stew meat, and was cooked just right-tender inside.  I couldn't eat it all, but good.  My dining companion ordered Habanero Lime Chicken Tacos, and the same result.  She couldn't finish it, so it was boxed.
We also split an order of Mac and Cheese.  Of course theirs used some variant of cheese that was just great.  Where was all of the Mac and Cheese experimentation when we were kids?

All around, good menu, yummy, and way better than any drive-thru at that time of night.
Atmosphere. Atmosphere. Atmosphere. 

I am in love with Hula's decor, ambiance and overall sexy swagger.

And every time I head down Central, I make a point to stare at it, hoping I'm stranded in traffic to lust over its gorgeous window. 

I've had some pretty solid drinks here and some not too bad breakfast, but sadly, I can't even remember what I've specifically eaten or drank here the multiple times I've hung out, which is why I cannot give Hula's more than three stars.

However, I also never recall a bad food experience, and when time and chance has it, I will not hesitate to return. Especially because I always remember the crazy conversations and company I've had while enjoying time there. One time I was there with a group for some afternoon cocktails for hours. Hours. I think probably 7 tables rotated next to us the entire time we were there and our server switched at least once. That, my friends, is a sign of a great hang out.
A really fun place to go hang out and have a few drinks. I went last night with some friends and we had a blast! It is really cool inside since it is a Tiki hut! The food was really good: I had some potstickers, macaroni, and chicken wings with plenty to go around and great to share. Also the sweet potato fries are really good too. I would definitely recommend this place!
Good strong drinks with a Hawaiian focus. Since I don't have an extra $500 for a RT flight to the islands, this is an exceptable alternative.

Recommendation: drink the Blood Orange Martini SLOWLY.

I know no one likes flies, but I REALLY don't like them and they were a problem the whole time I was there. I guess that might be the price you pay for a very open air environment (weather was beautiful that day).

I had the Habanero Lime Chicken Tacos which was good, but not worth $14
On a mission to find all the pet friendly restaurants in town...and hope we like their food. Hula's Modern Tiki makes the list.
Great patio, nice ambient lighting, moderate traffic passing by, relaxed feel. I really like the "in the city" feel the restaurant has w/ Central traffic passing by.
Started with the Samurai Beef Sticks: Excellent. tasty w/o being too much, juicy and the pineapple was good too. Main:Duke's Luau Pork plate, great. I would get it again. The date had a ribeye, he says it was just alright. His side of macaroni was so so delicious!!!! It is one of those dishes I crave.
We know we like a place when we both say we would go back, especially for the mac & cheese! Giving it a 4 star until we can go back and try more menu items.
My husband and I love this place! The pain killer is my favorite drink.  Pretty much every meal we have had here has been very good. Cool patio, cool crowd, cool place!  Food can be a lil pricey if you are on a budget but tastes pretty damn good.  They have tiki time happy hour m-f with $5 apps! We met the owner and his wife last week while we were sitting at the bar. They seem to always be there working - which to me shows they care about their buisness.
Tasty and cool, this is a welcome differentiated place in Phx.  Not many Hawaiian themed joints around, esp ones that deliver the goods.  We go for lunch often, have never made it for dinner.
This was my second experience with Hula's for brunch. Another big disappointment. I had the big breakfast sandwich. It does look really good. I ordered it specifically from seeing it on a table next to us. My companion had the hangover hash. Both were a big let down. I had the hash before so I was not surprised at that. The hashbrowns that accompanied it was I think probably the worst I have had, quite rubbery and tough. Its apparent that they had been cooked earlier in the day and kept warm until needed and maybe kissed the flattop before serving. The bread of my sandwich received similar treatment. It was toasted some time previous to serving. But by the time the bread hit the table it had lost any hint of being toasted. It looked toasted but it was soft as any plain white bread fresh out of a bag and bland. Maybe a brioche would have been a better choice. The sandwich overall was fairly bland. It could have used a little kick. Some better cheese maybe, or more flavorful bacon. Thankfully a couple slices of tomato saved the day. I will say the mimosas are cheap. Only $2 a glass. Kudos for that. Service was excellent. Very attentive. And the ambiance is great. If I hadn't tried the hashbrowns this time I may have given it 3 stars but I gotta knock em down to 2 stars due to the poor taste.
New Fav place. Seafood Ceviche is awesome!  Get it on Happy Hour for $5 (1/2 off, so get 2!! It's that good) The Likiikoo Margarita's was an excellent addition.  Fish Tacos were a little too spicy for me, so I traded the Hubs for his Luau Pork, excellent!!!   The service is good, very friendly staff.
Pretty decent HH or "tiki time" prices.  I have been there 3x and had great service once.  

Thankfully the place is so great that the lackluster service by the same waiter still had me coming back.  Much better this last time.

The Mac n Cheese is awesome!
I love this place. They will substitute grilled tofu for any fish plate and unlike most places they do a great job of it. When I was disappointed at the menu at Los Dos Molinos, I left the group there and went here by myself to make sure I got a good dinner. It is my fav place to eat so far in Phoenix.
My husband and I frequent this restaurant quite a bit. We use to be huge fans of the Ahi Tuna burger with sweet potato fries (the fries rock). Unfortunately, they removed the Ahi Tuna burger from the menu which was very disappointing. I do like the Tiki fish sandwich though. I do which that they would included a fish sandwich on their lunch menu on the weekend. Although, when I have gone for lunch on the weekend and have asked if they can make a fish sandwich they have always accommodated me. 

I would give this place 5 star, but I think their one weakness is their brunch menu. I took a friend there for lunch because we loved their dinner and lunch menu so much, but it was very disappointing. We ordered Bloody Mary's and had to send them back because the horseradish was overwhelming. In fact, all you could taste was horseradish, no tomato juice or anything. All three of us sent them back and they could remake them because they were part of a batch that they pre-mixed - UGH! Plus, I was the only one that liked my breakfast. My husband and friend were not impressed. 

Also, I adore their Hawaiian fish ceviche - yum!!
Hulu's is such a fun place to eat.  Their entrees are original and tasty though lately I can't seem to get past the Fish Sandwich.  It's soooo delicious.  Mild blacked Napu on a delicious bun.  The slaw is a great accompaniment though sometimes I'll go for the sweet potato fries.  I've enjoyed brunch a couple of times as well.  The servers are friendly and prompt.
They have great sweet potato fries (not as good as delux though.) I usually get the ahi tuna ceasar salad. Its great, but order the dressing on the side- it's always over dressed. The food is good, but I think just a little over priced.
Awesome building. Friendly staff. Great beer selection. And the food is phenomenal. For me it doesn't get any better.
*This review is based on drinks only* 

My sis Jacinthe & I participated in the Cupcake Crawl last night & it was a lot of fun! Hula's was the 2nd stop from 7-8pm. Their happy hour ends at 6pm Mon-Fri, but they let us crawlers have the happy hour prices, nice. There wasn't much room for us so we had to stand at 1st, ugh, but then 2 ladies left early to the next stop & we snagged their seats. We ordered the blood orange & pink bikini martinis (only $5 each, regularly $7). Both were so yummy! We also got to sample lil cupcakes from Nothing Bundt Cakes, white chocolate raspberry FTW! Since it was nearing the time to head to the next stop we only ordered those 2 cocktails, but I wish we had time for another round because they were so delicious & cheap! The only complaint we had was that it was super hot in there & we had to use menus to fan ourselves. I do have to say I love that open patio though, it would be so nice to sit out there & have cocktails in the fall & spring time. I would definitely return for happy hour & maybe sample some food!
This place could be 5 stars if it changed a few things.  The menu is ok and my food came out tasteing pretty good.  The ambiance is awsome.  Love the indoor out door set up.  You can even bring your dog onto the patio.  The bartenders all seem really pretentious.  The owner should send them over to Ve Bene in Ahwatukee to see how a good bartender interacts with their patrons. They don't offer any drink specials at night and drinking there can get pricey.  I guess that's why they are always pretty slow when I drive by.  Maybe they think they are keeping out the riff raff. ;o)
This is a fun place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks. Food and drinks are good here and even more so during happy hour. My favorite is the lilikoi magarita cuz I'm a sucker for passion fruit beverages. The scorpion or volcano (large fruity rum drinks in huge bowls with a float of flaming 151 on top) is always fun to have among friends. It comes with colorful huge straws that you can use hit each other with afterwards, too. :)

It's also conveniently located off the light rail and the patio outside is nice and lively. We always start here when we do our light rail bar crawls and work our way slowly downtown. It's a great place to start out the night.
Ive never been much for trying new places... Mainly because Im usually disappointed.  So I stick with what I know.

Hula's was a new place and by the stars above you can imagine how my visit was.

We had put in reservations for 25 people here and while they were hesitant they happily put us outside on this large table under the misters and shade.  Perfect setting.

I don't recall the waitress name, but she did something great in the beginning.  We all would be on separate tabs and she wrote all our names down.  Some places go by where you sit and will flip out if you move. She rocked this.

We all started with many drinks and any appetizers.  Let me tell you this.. I hate sweet potato fries.  I really do.. however their sweet potato fries with their dipping sauce was to die for.  I couldn't eat enough of them.  I kept looking at my friends with this "are you kidding me??" face. 

Delicious

Dinner came and it was ncie to literally see everyone order something different.  If you have friends and dinner that means you have a ton of food to sample.  We did just that.  

I ordered the Ahi Wasabi Bowl on white rice with black beans.  Holy crap that was amazing.  I usually get a burger, but wanted to break my burger streak.. so I did this.  A few friends did burgers and I did sample some of them.  I couldn't believe how good they were!

The drinks were awesome, food was great and the service at this place just kicks ass all over town.

I can't wait to go back!!
Great spot on a Friday after work to grab a drink with friends or co workers, this place is "Light Rail Friendly" which means if you want to do a little bar hoping after a few drinks then you don't need to drive to the next bar. When I want to show off uptown phx, I bring friends to this place and everyone always enjoys this place. The happy hr is decent but the real deal is when you get a volcano bowl or spider bowl and share with a group of people. I just love the ambiance of this place and how great it is for groups of any size. The only reason why I don't give it 5 stars is because the service could be super slow and the waiters tend to forget about you. But overall I am a fan and I will be back for more good memories!
I love this place...the food is always great! I am greeted by the owner when I come in and usually have a great wait staff! Thanks Tia for always making my experience a great one...
Hula's is the Bomb and all that. 

Ask for Ginger she will rock your world. I love the BBQ ribs, tacos and the steak. Their prices are reasonable and it's usually sets the night off on the right foot.
Wasabi Mashed potatoes are delish and would HIGHLY recommend them!

Thank you Hulas for being My friendly neighborhood eatery that is close enough to stumble home from after  few too many Zombie's and Painkillers. (Both are adult beverages)
One of my new favorite places in the valley.  Absolutely the finest fish sandwich I've ever tasted.  I was millimeters away from ordering a second one, until I successfully resisted.  

Go for the regular fries, not the pretentious sweet potato fries.  They may be good, but the original ones are better.  Besides, everyone does the sweet potato fries nowadays! The truly unique joints do the regular cut traditional french fry well.  Yum!  Our friends got some other entrees which looked just as fantastic.

Moderately priced with good scenery.  Not to mention great service (table of 6, waitress memorized our order without error), and we kept adding more people on and she couldn't have been happier.  Splitting checks was not painful at all.

Go here and get the fish sandwich, it is something to marvel.
I have been looking forward to trying this chic little addition to the Central Ave/light rail corridor. We visited on one of the hottest afternoons of the year, so the patio was out of the question,but the decor inside was a nice surprise, and I'm glad they opted for retro-chic tiki instead of looking like a parking lot picnic at a Jimmy Buffet concert. Don't get me wrong, there is a time and place for tiki-tacky - but not in 118 degree heat surround by cactus and desert hills instead of the coma-inducing lull of the surf nearby.
We were somewhat disappointed to find an amended menu on a Saturday afternoon, so I did not get a chance to try the favorably-reviewed fish sandwich (which is offered Mon-Fri). 
We started with an order of the sweet potato fries....Perfection in a crispy little strip, but what makes them different than everyone else's fry is the sauce. What is that, a sun-dried tomato aioli?? Who cares....Yum.
To go with, we had to have the Mai Tais, which was a good drink IF you are not well acquainted with the best Mai Tais they have served for 30 yrs at the  Halekulani or the Kona Inn. Actual fruit juices of Hawaii are needed in Hula's Mai Tai....passion, guava and less (or no) lime.
I loved the pork tacos and although I was not asked if I was ordering 1or 2 tacos, I knew I would take the second one home. The pork was lean with good flavor and a bit of smoke, but could have used more of that "pit/smoke" flavor. I also would have loved a fruit salsa instead of the mild-tomato based salsa served with the tacos, and I would imagine that they have other dishes (fish, for example) that would pair nicely with a pineapple/mango/jalapeño fruit salsa.
We were neither over or under whelmed and said how nice it would be to kick back on the patio some night for drinks and try a few appetizers that were unavailable to us on the Saturday menu,...so we will make the 30 minute trip to try it again, and because I do business in the area - it is a good place to take clients, but Brah - Mai Tais need to be mo bettah.
Note: since this review was posted, I have received an email from the manager and this scored huge points with me. Someone who cares about his clients enough to read these reviews is a smart manager and while my preferred style of Mai Tai is different....gee, I think I will find another drink on the menu when I go back. Definitely a cool enough place to try again....lunch on a 118 degree day isn't a fair assessment!
Stopped in with my wife for appetizers and drinks on a Friday night.  Loved the atmosphere and food was outstanding.  Fries (potato and sweet potato) were excellent.   White fish on tortilla with salsa was also fantastic - can't recall name, yet doesn't matter.  

Wine was served in stem less glasses..very good.

No complaints and we will return again..  Thanks for the great service.
After an insanely long weekend that involved work, diving and catering a baby shower (don't ask) I was in serious need of some downtime.  On a Sunday afternoon there just aren't many options, so I decided to finally try Hula's.

The atmosphere is very relaxed, which is exactly what I needed.  At 3pm the place was mostly empty, but it was obvious that the other patrons were having a great time.

I'm going to sum up my perfect, relaxing meal.  Blackened ahi with a wasabi cream sauce (damn good!), a bevy of island themed beverages and Dramarama playing in the background.  Could it get any better?

Now that I've sampled what Hula's has to offer I see the very real possibility of becoming a regular.  Bonus points for being within biking distance!

Thank you Hula's for giving me a mellow afternoon.

PS- Get the Blood Orange martini on the rocks.  You will swoon.
It was my second time back and hubby's first time. The restaurant was already packed by 730pm. We ordered fish tacos for entree even though it was a meal. As always, it was delicious. I had the Lemongrass Ahi and hubby had beef teriyaki. Teriyaki was perfectly tender and flavorful served with wasabi mash, but we think it tastes better with rice. Lemongrass ahi was coated with thick Lemongrass herb, lightly seared with cream sauce. The flavor of Lemongrass and cream did not blend well together and the fish itself was raw. It was too raw, which almost tastes like poke.
I guess next time we are sticking with Fish Tacos.
Went here for the first time ever after hearing good things from a ton of friends. i've been to other restaurants in the area (Maizie's, Panne Biano, etc) so I felt like it was about time I gave it a try. 

The restaurant was fairly busy for the small inside table space. Me and the BF got seated right away, and I of course went right for the drink menu, I don't usually like fruity drinks, which seems to be what they specialize in, but I gave the Tiki Bastard a try, the BF had the pain killer. My drink was pretty good, it has an overly string bourbon taste so if thats your thing, you definitely might enjoy. The BF's drink was too pineapple-y for my taste, but he loved it. 

We started by sharing the ceviche on fried wontons which was bomb. Very yummy, it didn't stand a chance. Me and the BF got into a debate about the food title worthiness of wontons when i declared wontons were one of my favorite foods. He argued wontons were not a food... I obviously disagreed. 

On to the entrees. I had the steak sandwich with sweet potato fries... It was good enough, I think the fries would have been much better had they been hotter or fresher... but overall it was a good meal. The BF had the habanero lime chicken tacos which were ahhh-mazing. Very very spice but delicious. 

We ordered another round of drinks before we finished. I had the mai tai which was really yummy with a fruity but almost sour taste that I loved. The BF had some other drink whose name i can't remember but it came with a backscratcher and had 151 in it. Too strong of an alcohol taste for me, but he liked it.

Overall, the restaurant was really yummy, we will definitely be back.
Dear Hulas, 

You and I have an amazing relationship. You have treated me so well this past year and I will stand by your side! 

For those curious.. YOU GOTTA GO. 
This place is awesome. Its a different concept than any other in Central Phoenix. The owner Dana is super cool and friendly, and always greets his guests and remembers the loyal ones! 

The have a kick ass happy hour $5 drinks and apps. Try a specialty cocktail like the Tiki Bastard. It will knock your socks off! For an appetizer try the Hawaiian Ceviche--White fish like u have never had before, or try the Poke- tuna avocado and macadamia nuts.. its awesome. Lots to choose from and even Vegetarian friendly options. 

We have tried the burgers, fish sandwich, steak tacos, fish tacos, tofu tacos grilled hapu, breakfast, wings, jerk chicken, several cocktails and its continually a quality experience. 

The patio is killer when its cool out, the staff is awesome, and its a great central location. Hulas, I love you.
Great food and great cocktails. Be careful on how many of the cocktails you have.. they may be fruity but they do pack a punch! (no pun intended)
Definition of "a-Ok".
Not a destination dining experience, that's for sure.
I would say over-hyped, but over-hipped is more like it.

I'm sure it's all so impressive to someone less jaded and cynical, but c'mon. 
This is really nothing more than someone collecting all of the 'exotic' dishes one at a time from generic american restos like applebees and chilis, and combining them onto one menu in one place.

Omigosh! You put a ring of grilled pineapple and some terriyaki on my chicken sandwich?!?  OOOH, how pacific rim fusion.  Someone call Martin Denny.
Cool vibe, nice servers, sweet decor, decent (emphasis on decent, not oh-my-god-I-was-totally-blown-away!) food. Not amazing. But worth a trip to see and be seen :) Sit at the bar and it will make you feel hip.
I was tempted to grab a grass skirt and wiggle into Hula's for their Tiki Time Happy Hour (Monday - Friday 3:30-6pm). But I opted for the Phoenix summer staple: a sundress and flip-flops. Love the mid-century modern feel. That gets a star :)

It was around 5:30pm and it was busy, but our server came over and took our drink orders when she saw us join a friend's table. I asked for Malibu and Pineapple and my friend Zombie'd out. We were given menus and she left without clearing any plates on our table, where our friends had several (not to mention a couple empty glasses).

She came back with the Zombie and told me they didn't have Malibu (what a disgrace to Tikiville's everywhere!!) but the bartender said I wouldn't know the difference and to bring me this. She set it down. I looked at her and said, "No, thanks." AUTOMATIC MINUS TWO STARS - one for NOT having Malibu and another one for trying to pass the fake crap off.

I ordered the Surfrider Chicken Sticks and Steak Tacos while my friend ordered the Mango Chicken Caesar (someone else in our party had ordered it and enjoyed it). She didn't take our menus and all of our drink glasses were empty. A few comments were made about this.

Ten minutes later, we get the Surfrider Chicken Sticks which were SET ON TOP OF MY MENU (damn, really??). They were cold. Decent, but cold nonetheless. My friend's salad came and I was told it would be a minute for the tacos. Another 20 minutes and they still hadn't come. Not to mention my empty plate SITTING ON TOP OF A MENU, empty water glass and my friend's empty glass.

A couple friends got up to leave and their empty plates and glasses remained even after WE got our check. I was billed for the tacos but I never got them. It took another 10 minutes for her to return with a correct bill. 

Awful service, cold food, no food and a fake-Malibu serving bartender give this place ONE star in my book.
I would do bad things for a plate of Hula's Jerk fish. 
(It can also be made with tofu, chicken or pork)

I'd probably lick their jerk sauce off of an old shoe.

I'd share a johnny cake with a prison inmate if it meant I got to eat the other half.

I'd go on a date with a homeless man as long as we came here.

If I had to, I'd pour the entire dish in my purse and eat it out with chopsticks.
I was let down when I arrived for dinner here. My fish patties were over-cooked. When my dinner finally arrived the black beans were cold and the rice was hard and cold, and the chicken that came with my meal was not that great either. When I got home I had to use the bathroom immediately.
I love Hula's! One of my favorite places in downtown Phoenix. I go here often for happy hour and meals. For drinks, I prefer the classic Mai Tai but the Longboard beers on draft are good too and friends swear by the Tiki Bastard and Pink Martini. My favorite dishes are the Poke appetizer, pork tacos, Coco Joe's chicken, cajun burger, either steak (melt in your mouth!) or the rice bowls. The sweet potato fries and mac and cheese are awesome too. Pretty much everything I have eaten here is good and I have had many of the menu items. The service is excellent and friendly to boot and the atmosphere is hip but relaxed and not pretentious. The patio is fabulous when the weather is nice. I have even taken kids to this restaurant and it's been great. All around fabulous restaurant and bar!
Service is the best, with personable employees. Fab drinks and an equally fabulous and casual atmospher. You can tell the owner really cares about the community they serve.  I feel blessed to be able to call Hula's my neighborhood hang out.
Here this afternoon to try the eggs benedict with spam! That's right SPAM! Oh yeah, it was pretty darn good.

Although my dish was good some minor improvements can be made to make it perfect; toast the muffin more, mine was hardly toasted at all and the hollidase sauce needs a little more pizzaz, it was on the bland side. 

Overall, I really like the food here, both brunch and dinner, love the location and atmosphere, great patio, and pretty decent servers. 

PS. Dog friendly patio!
Great atmosphere and really yummy food. If you want drinks, go during happy hour; for food go during dinner.

In the dead of summer the flies are not a problem, mostly because the doors are closed.
Big fan of Hula's been a bunch of times, but finally was compelled to write a review.  Just came back from a week in Maui, so I was still in "Hawaii-Mode" (which is soooo hard to get out of lol), so I insisted we go to Hula's to get my Hawaii fix.  Mainly....that just means I was dying for a good Mai Tai.

If you go here, you MUST order a Mai Tai.  While most of their drinks are pretty good and tropical tasting, the Mai Tai is the best in town (now that Trader Vic's is donzo).  I'm a Mai tai snob, and cringe when most mai tai's here on the mainland are made way way way too sweet and fruity.  The Mai Tai at Hula's could rival some of the best in Hawaii in my opinion.  Mostly rum (white and dark) and just the right amount of sweet mixed with the right amount of tart/sour.  They go down great and they hit you with quite the kick before ya know it, so be careful ;-)!

As far as the food...its good, but its not Roy's so don't except anything amazing.  I usually get fish here, just to go with the whole Hawaiian thing.  Most of the times I've had Mahi, it can be dry sometimes, but always tastes good.  Ive had both the wasabi crusted and the macadamia nut crusted, both are decent.  The Luau Pork plate is darn good, but my recommendation is get the Luau Pork sandwich instead.  It goes so much better on bread, than just by itself.  All the appetizers are great to munch on while you're enjoying your Mai Tai...all thats missing is Hawaiian music, and the sun setting over the ocean :)
This place rocks and will be a new top Fave!  The delish food, the cheerful, knowledgeable waitstaff, drinks, and even the music (any place playing The Doors, Led Zeppelin, and the song "Relax" has my vote) was great.  Had the Blood Orange martini, Ahi Bowl, and the Sweet Potato fries.  We shared the ceviche, poke, and the calamari.  My wife also had the Mai Tai, which I tasted.  It was refreshing and not too boozy tasting, yet had plenty alcohol.   And for dessert, a great Key Lime Pie.   On a Saturday night, the age range was very eclectic--some families even seemed to be there, yet it is a good place to take a date.   Will go back again!
The Mrs. and I relied on the other positive Yelp reviews and were not disappointed with our dinner at Hula's.  Our evening started off with a flavorful and fresh Island Style Poke appetizer.  She chose the Hawaiian Style Pork Platter, similar in texture to pulled pork, but with the flavor of the islands in the pineapple and tasty sauce. I had the Hapua, encrusted with coconut.  The fish was very light, tender, and fresh tasting.  Rice and cole slaw accompanied our main courses and the cole slaw was especially good. The service was attentive and drink refills were plentiful. This is a great place for a date night...puts you in a tropical mood. Prices are reasonable for the high quality food here.  We'd love to go back to try more of the menu items next time we're in Phoenix.
I went here last Saturday for a friend's birthday.  The best thing about the experience by far was the spicy edamame.  Man, that stuff was good!  The ceviche was also tasty as was the seaweed salad.  I also tried the ahi sashimi which was just OK.  Our group sat at the community table and hung out for quite a while trying all the fabulous drinks offered for the "tikki time" specials.  The Pink Bikini was the best one in my opinion.  The service was awesome, but then again they weren't all that busy.  I was actually really surprised at how slow it was; from the other reviews I thought it would be a Saturday night hot spot... but I guess it is more of an after work Happy Hour type place.  The patio outside looked very comfy and although I liked the look of the modern decor inside, the seating was not that same relaxed resort vibe.  They need to get some couches or lounge chairs in the bar area instead of just the plastic bar stools.  I did really enjoy the music selection but at times it was a little hard to hear the conversation.  I will definitely be back to try out the patio experience when the weather cools down.
Sweet potato fries Cooked well ... Unique sauce - mayonaisse, inversion ipa beer, blood orange martini, dead on sunday at 17:00 but nice... Spicy thai fish cakes, butternut fish w/ macadamia nuts, excellent & prompt friendly service.  Perfect for getting some eats and drinks after our long flight.  Great environment and clientele -- loved the open space and and bar.
My dear Hula's,
What happened today? Maybe it was the lunch rush, but that's no excuse. Our ice tea and water tasted very weird and slightly sweetened. If you're trying out something new, it's not a good idea. our food, which consisted of a lunch salad, sandwich and sweet potato fries took forever. The fries were cold, the ahi tuna very very over cooked and hardly any pink. Please get better soon. I will probably be back, but I will make sure it's not during lunch and that I order something different.
I ate here for the first time last evening for a bday happy hour celebration. The food was fantastic, the drinks tasty/strong, and the prices reasonable. The only reason why I'm giving it three stars is that the service wasn't that great. Our party was ignored multiple times and they wouldn't let us sit at our table until half of us arrived, so we just ended up crowding the front bar. Our waitress left in the middle of dinner and didn't tell us, and the bartender treated us like we were inconveniencing him. It was pretty busy, but still it's no reason to be rude.

Overall the place was good, and I'd like to go back (maybe for brunch), but I hope the service improves!
A year or so ago, I wrote a review after visiting Hula's that was not favorable. I didn't think I would ever give the place a second go. Tuesday night, however, another couple suggested we meet up for drinks there. I had been laid up for two days and was feeling better, so getting out of the house seemed really necessary, and one good thing Hula's still had going for it was that it was walking distance to my house. Another good thing it still had going for it was the drinks. So, distance and drinks in mind, the boy and I decided to give Hula's another chance. 

I don't know when it was in the past year, but Hula's radically changed their menu. There's still fish with a variety of rubs and some BBQ stuff, the menu seems twice the length. Once I realized the menu was so different, I decided I had to try the food, so I went with the Seared Ahi Tacos, part of their Labor Day special, and it was like a complete 180 from my memories of last year. Even the rice was ten times better. The other couple we were with had split a steak sandwich, which they loved,  including the salad that came with it. I wasn't hungry enough to eat both the tacos that were on my plate, but I wished I was. SO GOOD!

I also had the Hula's Hurricane, which I picked because it was the only drink that didn't have syrup or seem like it was mostly juice, but it was good. After a couple rounds, we decided we needed to try the scorprion bowl, which comes out lit on fire, so that's obviously a win. It's pretty sweet, but very tasty, and gets you in exactly the right mood to decide to go to Rosie's for karaoke.

The service was an issue last year, and to some extent still is. Our server was really nice, but we had a couple of empty glasses for a while, and I hate waiting to get a refill on a $8 drink. A couple of times the bartender brought our drinks over, and he was nice, too. 

I'm really happy I decided to check out Hula's once more. I love the MCM vibe, and that patio is perfect for our 79 degree autumn nights. With the changes in the menu and quality of the food, I'll definitely be hanging out there more throughout the coming months. It really looks like Hula got it in gear. Add a few more attentive servers and it will be in tip-top shape for a Cen Pho restaurant.
This past Wednesday happened to be their 2-year anniversary and we were fortunate enough to be there for the free appetizer / drink coupon as a result.  Drinks were great -- definitely liking the laid back, tropic vibe.  Food was decent (macadamia encrusted mahi, ribs), but didn't raise the bar for food of this type.  Only downfall was service -- our appetizer never made it, and extra drink did (not complaining about that!), had to ask for our waiter on a few occasions, and the check took a lot longer than would be expected.

My bottom line:  Would love to hit this place at happy hour or late night drinks, but would probably look elsewhere if I were looking for an above-average meal.
Have been here a few times for brunch over the last few months.  Great ambiance and dishes...especially .like the french toast and hangover hash with a side of portuguese sausage.   Good service.
I love the design of this place and was really looking forward to trying it out.....had a fish burger and sweet potato fries that both arrived cold, a waiter who vanished constantly, but good drinks.  Felt sick for a few days after that.   Tried it again when a friend was passing through town who had heard good things.  Again, absentee server, cold/uncooked food, and again I felt sick for a few days.  Beautiful spot, but I cannot give it another chance.  :^(
I stumbled across this place as it was close to my hotel.  I'm a creature of habit and will definitely be back.  The service was great!  I had the tuna burger and it was delicious.  The patio was open and the weather was perfect and like the name says it has a very cool modern feel.  They also have a nice selections of cocktails.  I would definitely recommend Hula's Modern Tiki.
Been here a total of 3 different times and have been happy for each of those times!

Atmosphere: feels like you are in a tiki hut off some island :)

The food: have not had dinner here, but I can make a dinner out of coconut shrimp egg rolls and at Happy hour Prices....awesome deal, I think!

Drinks: i like them sweet, and they got them good, and strong, if you ask me. 

Highly suggest the place, great atmosphere, several tvs so you can watch the game, sit outside and enjoy the nice Phx weather coming our way, or in the dining area. GO!
This place is so much fun and the food is great.  We found it accidently while driving around Phoenix.  Outside seating, great, fun staff, happy hour drinks, and good food.  I can't wait to go back.
Had lunch here for my birthday with co-workers and i liked the atmosphere so came back for the happy hour--had a great time with friends.  

Is a little expensive, but had great service from our server-girl with robot tattoo--so nice!

I think i loved the cocktails better than the food, POLYNESIAN CHICKEN SANDWICH was pretty good with the SWEET POTATOE FRIES!!  

Most drinks were fabulous, need to try the Scorpion bowl with lots of friends!
I gave this place 5 stars because it had the best margarita on the block, delicious food, excellent staff and outdoor dog friendly seating and yes, that's my little Yorkie in the pictures.

Back to the Margarita.... I ordered the Lilikoi Margarita, yum! Was so good! I'm not big on the sweet drink thing so this was my choice.
My friend ordered the "Dr. Funk" which was very good too but too sweet for me perfect for her.

For food, we had the pork pot stickers which were delicious. The sauces were both really good. Also had the Surfrider Chicken sticks which were nice and juicy and delicious as well.

We shared our entree and went with the Jerk Pork. Too spicy for my friend but was perfect for me. The plantain was perfectly sweet but I was kind of sad there was only 2 pieces which left me with only one piece since we split the dish. Plantains are cheap enough so not sure why they didn't give more. Plantains help break up the spicy jerk flavor, if they put more on the plate it would be perfect! 

Finished off the meal with some macadamia nut ice cream. Very good! We chose not to go with the brownie and they had no problem with that.

Very friendly staff and they had no problem making things the way you want it.


All in all it's a great little place to sit around, drink your drinks and munch on some food.
Wednesday night happy hour (which lasts until 11pm)...was relatively busy for this day/time.
Holy smokes, they're not shy with the alcohol in their drinks. After one, I was done! Seemed to be the consensus with everyone who was drinking...
Also tried the coconut shrimp rolls, which weren't too shabby. Sauce was supposed to be pineapple/horseradish, but didn't seem at all horseradishey. 
Our server (Katherine) was great! On top of refills, food orders, friendly, and fast! Bar itself was nice, was showing reruns of Gilligan's Island. Great patio seating, especially this time of year!
Been here before and the food was decent, this time was really good.  I got the black bean burger that comes with shiitake mushrooms, cheese (I think Jack) and awesomely good, grilled Maui onions...the bun was perfection! I added the side green salad, and that was also very tasty!  Not only did we have a great server, but each month they pick a different charity to donate to! (I think it's a percentage of their sales on Mondays).  Super cool:)

I also really love what they did with the space...I used to come to this plaza a long time ago to rent videos from Movies on Central (RIP).  They really jazzed the place up while still keeping the integrity of the original.
This is a cool place for happy hour or dinner. I feel like I'm on vacation when I eat here. The coconut chicken was pretty good. The drinks are strong which is great. The servers are friendly.
You take the good, you take the bad, 
you take them both and there you have... Hula's Modern Tiki.

The rare moments I'm craving a strong, fruity, Rum fueled cocktail this is the spot to hit. The drinks are well crafted but the food and service is hit or miss. The patio is one of my favorite in the valley, but a nice patio does not make for a 4+ star experience. They're packed all the time so they must be doing something right, though it certainly isn't the Ahi Sashimi. I know, I know... don't even ask why we would attempt sashimi at Hulas. I'm embarrassed enough as it is. This 'starter' was literally two bites of food. Two bites of mediocre food for $9 mind you. I was told by my orthodontist years ago that I have a very small mouth (go ahead, there's a punch line in there somewhere) so it's not like I have some Real Housewives of The Underworld hoover mouth and no idea what a starter portion should look like. We both actually looked at each other and laughed when it was placed in front of us. I'm a tapas girl, I love small plate dining, this was just a bit extreme. The pork tacos on the other hand were excellent. Filling, well seasoned and tender; the comedy of the sashimi became a distant memory. 

We will definitely return. As I stated the patio is beautiful and weather permitting, worth a trip on it's own for Happy Hour. Play it safe with you're dining decisions and you'll walk out with a buzz and a full belly.


Post script: 
In response to the owner comment, I should clarify that my hesitation in ordering ahi sashimi at this establishment is not at ALL in reference to grade or quality of product but more of a 'hindsight' situation, meaning in retrospect, it's doubtful that it would be a good representation of Hula's as a whole.
Went there with a group of people. the portions where huge! Half of us liked the food, and the other half just thought it was OK. The jerk pork and chicken weren't that tasty. But the pork BBQ was great, as were the sweet potatoes and rice.
**Note** Changing from 1 star because the proprietor responded, researched it and found out he'd been affected by white tuna sushi elsewhere.  They're keeping 'ex lax fish' on the menu though.  I just hope they advise the possible side effects.

We had an early supper here, no drinks.  Had borh the blackened and pan seared  Butterfish, very good.  I'd never heard of butterfish before but took the plunge.

What happened when we got home caused me to look it up: learned it has good texture and flavor - both check.

So why the 1 star?  Seems that butterfish is another name for a fish called escolar, which has vast quantities of wax ester in it.  Another name for excolar is "the ex lax of fish".  Right on.  For both of us,  We got lucky apparently, it is often worse and lasts for days.

Why have it on a menu when it can have these kinds of side effects?
Nice enough environment and service was pretty good but the food was unexpectedly average. Had a chicken caesar salad. The chicken was over-spiced (which isn't a totally bad thing) and it was overcooked and dry (which is a very bad thing). Lettuce was not particularly fresh and the dressing was inconsistently tossed. To be fair, I'll try it again and go for something different on the menu.
All of my experiences at Hula's have been pleasant. Sitting at the bar or by the fire, it's a good atmosphere. The waitstaff are cool and the food service is timed nicely. I'm trying to find excuses to give more stars, but there is something just pulling back my fourth star and I think it's the sparkle. There is no sparkle for me.

The food is ok, but not awesome. Some things are done very well like the jungle sauce on the tofu or the fish on the fish sammie. But other things are not, like the actual tofu or the bread on the sandwich. Not a fan of the super sweet cocktails, and no wine specials for happy hour. To boot, I just don't get that feeling of soaking up the sweet Phoenix scene that's common to the Central/Camelback hot spot.

I always feel a little confused after coming here. My belly is full but my taste buds underwhelmed. Eager to be part of a cool neighborly social joint but not feeling the sweet CenPho vibes. The feeling is more like, [head cocked to the side, shoulder shrug] "That was aight."
I've only been here once, but loved it!  

It definitely has the urban vibe. I had a hamburger with the hula sauce on the side - delish!  It was cooked perfectly with great flavor and served on yummy bun. Wish I could have eaten the whole thing, but it came with amazing sweet potato fries and I filled up on those.  Probably the best I've ever had!

Seems like a great place for happy hour so I'll definitely be coming back for that.
Good food, good service.
Yep, Hula's is one of my favorite places in Phoenix.  Totally awesome menu, great service, and great tropical drinks - even for people like me who hate tropical drinks.  Seriously, get over to Hula's right now and have a Mai Tai.

Tiki Time at Hula's is great, with $5 drink specials and food specials during the week.  Plus, how much better does Tiki Time sound than Happy Hour?  You can get that anywhere.

The salads are worth skipping, but everything else on the menu is outstanding.  If you're feeling healthy-ish, grab the black bean burger.  It's better than most hamburgers.  And of course get the sweet potato fries.

Other menu favorites are the spicy edamame appetizer, mac and cheese, and the Jawaiian Jerk Pork plate.  Save some of your diabetes for the coconut banana cream pie.

Whenever the weather permits, be sure to sit on the patio.  Warning - it will be hard to leave.  And if it starts to get chilly, snag a spot by the firepit.  Or just up at the bar.
Been here twice now and wish I could say more. The food is delicious, the set up is really relaxing and service is great. A great place to take an out of town guest. Happy hour menu has these amazing tofu tacos that I highly recommend. My boyfriend had the Pork tacos which he said were also delish. Definitely check this place out!!
A fun eatery in uptown Phoenix!  Hula has great happy hour, dinner and brunch!  I'm a fan of the tacos and the two egg breakfast. 

I don't think I've ever been here without a group of people, so I've always had either a Scorpion or Volcano bowl.  Both are super strong and have 151 in the middle.

Bring your friends!
I'm torn on this rating.  Two stars is "Meh, I've experienced better.", and I have.  Three stars is "A-OK", which it  was.  

Had the manager not compensated me for the ridiculously small plate of ribs I got, this review would be scathing.  But he did make it mostly right and that went a long way towards fixing the overall experience to a third star.  But two things about the third star:  I shouldn't have to feel like a cheapass by wondering if I got a full rack or a half rack.  The food didn't feel like anything special, which would have been acceptable if the prices were far lower.   

Two stars it is.  

Our party arrived on a Friday night--we were in the area, a little lost for a good place to go.  I remembered this place as a good hangout spot on a weekday night, which it definitely is.

Tonight, we were seated promptly and never waited very long for anything--the service was fast and top-notch.   However, i'm having difficulty with this whole hipster thing where the wait staff dresses in  street clothes.  It weirds me out and it's almost insulting for as expensive as the place is.  

I totally dig the overall ambience.  The restaurant itself appears to be in a rehabbed auto mechanic's shop, creating something totally unique in a region of unique rehabs.  The comfortable patio hangs right off Central Avenue, creating a rare big-city kinda place in Phoenix.  The fire pit is just cool, they play good and fun music.   Ambience is about the one thing about this place that actually lines up with the price, contributing solidly to Uptown's burgeoning vibe.

The beer selection felt weak.  We didn't order cocktails, so I can't comment on that.  

Going through our courses....The potstickers were good, but the thai peanut sauce just tasted weird.  The spicy edamame was an interesting twist but I didn't find myself very hungry for it   My friend ordered the cajun burger which he thought was "mediocre."  I ordered what turned out to be the smallest full rack of ribs in Arizona described above--the mango to the sauce was too slight leaving it fairly generic, altho the fries and slaw were pretty good.   The meat, yeah I wolfed it down, but in the end it didn't seem like anything to write home about.  

The food and drink, all in all, felt more or less average.  The problem with average is in how much this place charges--I'm not going to give three stars to an expensive restaurant that serves three star food.     Given the other choices in the area that I still need to try out, I don't see much of a reason to come back for dinner again.
My friends from work went to Hula for our team's Xmas gathering. It was out first time for everyone and we were very impressed. We went b/c we heard about the great HH special they do on Wednesday's. HH prices on apps and drinks till 11pm. The patio outfront looks great, cant wait to chill out there once it warms up! We sat inthe main dining area. The decor was great, old retro pics cover the walls and great tiki mugs on another. We all order our drinks and numerous app's to try everything. The food was great, very flavorful, good spice and it came out hot. I would suggest the Hawaiian Ceviche, crispy coconut shrimp rolls and the Fish cakes for apps, they were soooo good. For my cocktail I would highly suggest the Tiki Bastard, has Bourbon, Gin, Ginger Beer, lime and maraschino liquid. Not one complaint on any of it. The HH prices on all app's and drinks was a great deal. I can't wait to go back again!!!
Great patio!!
We didn't eat, just day drinking.
Waiter was great!
Super chill patio area.
Good food, good service.
Happy hour! Happy hour! Happy hour!  Maybe I'm bias because I live within walking distance of Hula's but it's definitely one of my favorite Phoenix spots.  The happy hour specials here are great and the drinks are creative.  The service is always good and so is the atmosphere.  Whether hot or cold, outdoor seating is always perfect with heaters and a fire pit.  The weekend brunch is also great.  I loved the french toast.  Short of five stars only because the fish cakes seem to be hit or miss.  The first time I tried them, I fell in love.  However, each time since then they have tasted different.  New chef or recipe?
I really do like Hula's for so many reasons... the patio is big and wonderful, the drinks are reasonably priced, the vibe is retro/vacation/fun and the food is delicious. I haven't had anything at Hula's that I didn't like. The Cajun Shrimp Caesar Salad is huge and delicious, all the fish tastes fresh, the tacos are filling and perfect. Yes. I tend to like Hula's most for an afternoon lunch on the patio or for a happy hour drink. Wouldn't be my first pick for a dinner date, but I wouldn't argue if someone wanted to spend the night there.
This review is more of a 3.5 star one, but I round down as a general rule.

We hit up Hula's tonight for dinner. All in all, some good-sized portions (I had the half rack of ribs), decent sides, and very good service.

My ribs were a bit pedestrian: it said mango BBQ, but it was basically just... BBQ sauce. Nothing wrong with that, but nothing amazing going on here either. The ribs were cooked well enough, coated in sauce (I enjoy both dry and sauce-drenched, so no big issue here) and they were just fine. They just weren't anything too special. 

The sweet potato fries were dead-on, and the aioli, while it could've used just a bit more kick and a bit less mayonnaise, was a good touch.

The mac 'n cheese was a big disappointment to me. The noodles were over-salted, almost as if they had salted the water entirely too much, and it just had nothing special going for it.

Mac 'n cheese is a tricky beast: you have to convince the eater that this is worth the calories and shame, and this one failed desperately in that regard. Not enough flavor and yet, too salty. A good sized portion for $5, though.

The girl had a pulled pork sandwich which was tasty enough, and she really enjoyed her side house salad. (It was tasty. I tried a bite.)

Our friend had the Hula Burger and it looked big and cooked nicely, and she seemed pleased.

Overall, a decent meal. The service was very good, the ambiance was fun and open, and it was definitely serviceable. I'd like to go back and try one of their fish options in the future, since they had a good selection of mix-and-match fish and prep styles that sounded really fun.
Fun place to hang out on the patio and imbibe. Enjoyed the inventive cocktails- both the mai tai and tiki  bastard were winners. So was the poke. The latter had a generous crumble of macadamia nuts which was a nice touch. 

The crowd was a mix.  Glad we tried it while in the neighborhood. Not sure we would go back as a destination. Good day drinking joint.
Spotless! Service. Dining room. Restrooms. Patio. Spotless!!

Next time I shall forgo table seating and plop my butt on the floor to eat. Yep. That's how clean Hula's is!

Service was polished and friendly. Dana was working the brunch crowd and attending to everyone's needs. Most importantly everyone enjoyed their brunch.

I say Bula Bula to Hula's!!
Hula's - Finally someone made something special and interesting out of my favorite "Empty" building downtown.  I used to drive by for years looking at what I thought could really be an interesting property if anyone had any imagination at all. 
Hula's has been open for awhile now and I should have written something much sooner.  Been in several times and each turned into a classic event.  Excellent drinks, food, service was quick and with a smile.  The best people watching - "check out the action at night on the highrise balconies to the north next time your are in".  The place is a PLUS along with the art and music you can now find downtown.  Even watching the light rail quietly glide by at night adds a real "metro" feel to Hula's and downtown. 
I always loved the large "Jewel Facet like" window in the old 60s GEO dome structure over the main bar area and the expanded patio along main Central Ave is an excellent addition.  Thank you for making something truly interesting out of this place.
I was just asked the other day to name off my top three restaurants in Phoenix and this was one of them.  I love all things Tiki and retro, what better place than Hula's Modern Tiki right. There is no other place in the valley that you can literally "share a drink" with some friends than Hula's by ordering a flaming scorpion bowl with long straws for everyone.. 

Between their own take on the famous Mai Tai and the Spicy Thai chicken, Hula's adds a twist to your traditional Hawaiian fare. To name a few entrees I have enjoyed and would order again: the  Thai Chicken Bowl is a must try, the Fish Tacos are monstrous, maybe a Pineapple Chicken Sandwich for some flavor, or the Wings for an excellent starter.  Sweet Potato Fries, Duh!! Grab a large order, you wont regret it.

If your there just for drinks and some patio time, you really can't go wrong with anything in a Tiki mug, just know your limit when it comes to a rum cocktail.. They call em' sneaky tikis for a reason!! For something smooth a cream try the Dr. Funk, it'll surprise you!! If not, stick with the classic Mai Tai, sailor. 

They have weekly happy hour and be sure to sign up for their Text notification to receive specials and secret passwords. Also, look out for their other two locations in Santa Cruz and Monterrey Bay. At every location the service, food, and cleanliness has been top notch. The staff is very friendly regardless of how busy it gets.
This place was great! My review is based on drinks ONLY. We went to a BBQ joint down the road for dinner and decided to hit this place for a nightcap on our first night in town to unwind. Great choice. We stumbled upon Happy Hour (which lasts until 11pm on Wednesdays) and each had two great drinks.  I'm talking drinks on par with some of the best mixology bars in Chicago - for half the price. We sat outside next to the outdoor firepit and it was the perfect environment.  The staff was excellent, the music was great, and the diverse mix of people sitting in the outdoor patio was friendly and fun.  It's a couple blocks from the Light Rail station so we were back at our hotel in no time.
Brunch!
Scorpion Bowl!
MIMOSAS.

Service has always been stellar, and you can't go wrong with any of their cocktails!
I wouldn't go so far as to say I frequent Hula's, but when I am in the neighborhood, I make it a point a point to stop in. What can I say? The food is fair to good depending on the day, you can't go wrong with the Cajun burger, it's delish every time.

The main reason I go to Hula's is because I LIKE TO PARTY. Don't get me wrong, I'm not an alcoholic, but I love me some booze. Hula's is THE premier destination to go and get your drank on. Whether you have an affinity for Mai Tais, mimosas or bloody marys, they have the perfect libation to whet your whistle. 

The staff there is mostly... What's the right word, amazing?!?!?!!!! They have a really great group of people there, but the last few times I have been I have been served by Tia, and she's awesome! Not only is she funny, fast and courteous, but she's a bona fide beauty to boot! If you know what's good for you, check her out!

So, when it all comes down to it, my recommendation is go for the service, stay for the drinks.

Peace and hair grease...

Monty
Great for indoor seating and patio seating. Our service was fast and attentive. The food was delicious. 

An enjoyable place to be for happy hour.
I've never had a meal that was really that good here but do continue going back because of the atmosphere and drinks. The spicy edamame is amazing but that's  really the only thing that I've been blown away by.  The spicy tofu tacos are anything but spicy or flavorful and the jungle tofu bowl is slightly better but still boring. It's a great place to grab a drink or app though so i will continue going back but hopefully not for dinner (which I get roped into).
Great food and great service. We will return here soon
Visiting from Chicago we found Hula's on YELP.  It completely lived up to the reviews!  We will be back on our next trip.

Food - simply delicious.  Close to anything we've ever ordered in Maui.  I had the butter fish crusted in macadamia nuts.  Fabulous.  The mango chutney topping was the bomb.  Great flavors and combinations going on.

Drinks - excellent.  Well poured, mixed and delivered with love.  Staff - very helpful with recommendations and had a great sense of humor.  Ambiance - sit outsdie.  Awesome patio area with firepit-perfect for a cool February night.

Will recommend to all who visit from Chicago.
Makes me want to time travel back to the 60's and sip tropical cocktails overlooking a volcano.  Hula's has to be in one of the most unique buildings in Phoenix.  I recommend sitting at the bar to check out all the memorabilia exploding from every crevice. 

Our bartender was jovial and uniquely looked like the Mayhem guy from the All State commercials.  Very fresh ingredients and the Sweet Potato Fries are banging.   

There are a variety of house cocktails and I stumbled out a Tiki Bastard!  Gin is my new poison.
Hula's is amazing! I recently moved to the Biltmore area at the end of November and saw Hula's as I was driving down Central one day and decided to give it a try. I quickly became obsessed and for good reason!

I've been here over 10+ times the last few months with girlfriends for Happy Hour or with my boyfriend on a weekend evening and I have always had outstanding service, amazing food and awesome drinks that knock my socks off. Not to mention the prices are totally reasonable!

The Ahi Caesar Salad and Sweet Potato fries are my favorite go-to's. And the Blood Orange Martini is soooo good. My boyfriend swears by the the Teriyaki Ribeye.

I have to give the owner a shoutout for taking good care of my boyfriend & I about a month ago on a Friday evening. (This rave review is long overdue!) 

My guy is in the Marine Corps and is stationed in Cali so we only get to see each other on the weekends when one of us makes the 6 hour drive to each other. He arrived around dinnertime on a Friday night and we headed to Hula's for his first visit. We were both starving and ordered quickly after sitting down. The food was delayed quite a bit for whatever reason and our server kept coming over to apologize. We assured her that we didn't mind at all... we only get to spend about 48 hours with each other so we were just enjoying each others' company, so no big deal! We never even questioned what the hold up was even though we had noticed that it was taking awhile. We finally got our food & our server told us that dessert was on the house for our patience. We thanked her & told her it wasn't necessary. Again, no big deal, we hadn't voiced a single complaint! My boyfriend did decide to take advantage of the offer though since again, we came in starving and we enjoyed a delicious dessert. He also asked the server if Hula's sold their awesome teriyaki glaze for purchase. To our surprise, our server went back to the kitchen & came out with a coffee cup wrapped in tin foil filled with the glaze for us to take home! Talk about going the extra mile regarding service! My boyfriend was tickled. At the end of our meal, even MORE to our surprise, our server dropped off a check with a balance of $0.00. She told us that the owner really appreciated our patience & understanding and that our meal was on the house. We were blown away!

To the owner of Hula's... THANK YOU. I have told this story to so many people and spread the word around about Hula's to anyone who hasn't tried your restaurant yet. My boyfriend is now rightfully obsessed with eating at Hula's whenever he comes to town on the weekends & I try to frequent the restaurant at least once every couple of weeks with girlfriends on the weekdays.
Really cool atmosphere. Loved the custom glasses and the Hawaiian specialty.They send specials deals to my cell phone and gave me $5 Hula Bucks to use on my next visit!
Rather than kitchy, this place had pizzaz. It has the updated 60's vib down pat. Cocktails, food and service all thumbs up!
It's Tiki Time. B-)

Grab cocktails left and right. Dr. Funk? Hell yeah. Mai Tai? Packs a punch every time.

Now sit on the patio and people watch in style...and if you like island food but you're not feeling adventurous, this is perfect for you. I tried the pulled pork sandwich and the jerk chicken. The jerk sauce is a bit sweet, and not nearly spicy enough for my taste. But it's still tasty. My pulled pork sandwich had an amazing slaw...the overall sweetness, and the heavily buttered bun was a bit overpowering. I don't need everything to taste like cinnamon and allspice. 

I think I'll come here for the cocktails and appetizers. Those sweet potato fries are the best I've had!
I went here last night because I had gotten a Voice daily deal....I was a little wary to buy it at first due to some of the mixed reviews (at the time), but I had wanted to try it for awhile and decided to go for it. 

Well, I am very glad I did!

The BF and I decided to share two entrees, the cocomo (?) chicken and the jerk pork plate. The chicken was good, it had a coconut crust that was a bit crispy and had a sweet sauce on it. It came with some delicious fried plantains and rice and beans that weren't my thing, but the BF loved it! As good as the chicken was, the jerk pork is where it's at! The pork was spicy, savory, and abundant. The dish came with johnny cakes that went perfectly with the pork... they are like slightly sweeter and richer corn bread. Ridiculously tasty. It also came with the same plantains, but the rice had a delicious salsa on it that was sweet and spicy...the BF didn't like the salsa, but I loved it! (worked out perfectly, huh?). Needless to say, I can't wait to come back and try this place again. 


PS A table by us got the coconut banana pie and I was just about drooling....it looked so good, that's on the must try list for next time.
Good food good time
I visit this place for the 1st time last week. I had passed this place a couple of times and really wanted to visit mostly due to the outdoor seating and look of the restaurant. I went on a Wednesday night, they had late happy hour which was great. Got a Pink Bikini Martini which was good, Hawaiian Ceviche which was awesome, nice chucks of fish yummy!!!, Also I got the sweet potato fries...loved them. These were just the appetizers which were like $3-$5 during the happy hour time. Since they were so cheap I kinda stocked up on the appetizers. For the main course I have the Spicy Thai Chicken Bowl, OMG..it was so good. 
The wait staff was quick and attentive and it was a little busy. 

I would mos def go back to this place, good food, good ambience, great place to go just chill out.
Very casual vibe, friendly staff, nice location, good food and drinks - what's not to like about Hula's. A great place to relax and dine with friends and pretty much any place you sit is a good place - the bar, the patio, the main dining area. Parking can be a bit tricky during peak times, though.
We went last Friday for the first time since last fall and holy crap, when did it become such a cool place to be?! We used to get a table on the awesome patio but this time had to squeeze into a tiny table inside. Oh well. Good for them!

Parking is a bitch so I found the gravel lot and hoofed it. It's ok--you don't have to wear hooker heels here to fit in.

Happy hour is a decent deal--$2 off drinks. But when the full price is just $7-9 for a mixed drink, don't feel bad if you miss the 6pm cut off! My fave is the ahi tuna burger. It's not ground up--it's a giant hunk 'o fish, cooked perfectly. I paired it with the sweet potato fries. If they're from a frozen bag, I'd be shocked. Or maybe I don't care; they at least look homemade! My girlfriend got the tacos and raved--two (plus the rice, etc.) made for a filling dinner. Portions are perfect.

Drinks are clever and super strong, so, please, get a cab. Love the mixed crowd here--everyone is welcome!
Had to come check this place out because there is one back home. Just to help me miss home even more, I went here for a late lunch. I had the Polynesian Chiken Sandwich with Sweet Potatoes. Great atmosphere, friendly welcoming workers, and of course delicious food. The portions have always been too much for me, but there is always that option for a to-go box. I haven't been to any happy hour functions, but this place is always packed & busy. I will bring good company next time I go instead of being a loner girl at the bar, Aloha!
I really do not know why it took so long for me to find this place!! It has such a great, relaxed vibe and oh man the mai tais are incredible! [I highly recommend the Dr. Funk!]
I don't get this place. The food os so mediocre and the rum drinks are so sweet. 
I guess it is just not my thing. Service was friendly and quick.
Ah, to the many countless nights I have spent here soaking up what I refer to as "the best drinks in the valley" hands down. To the mornings I have spent recovering from similar nights.  Hulas will always be on the tip of my tongue the second someone ask "where should we go in Central Phoenix?"  

The fish cakes are amazing, as is everything else.  The service is incredible.  The ladies there make sure I am never empty handed (even if that means delivering it to me while I get distracted hitting on certain people ::clears throat:: Dana)

Hula's is where I typically bring my first dates, just ask the servers I'm sure they will attest.  I have held my last two birthday parties here and they are always more than accommodating.  

Whether is brunch, lunch, dinner or drinks you can't go wrong here.
everything is delish. 
go on the weekend for $2 mimosasssss!!! 
its very trendy, a great place to just sit each and enjoy.
Seriously? Yes. 
Just yes.
My review is yes.
Anytime anyone asks if I want to eat here, the answer is yes.
This place is GREAT!
Love the tea. the drinks. the food. the service. the atmosphere.
It's dog friendly! Theres a great fireplace outside. Can you sense my excitement?!
To be fair, I typically order the same thing when I go (polynesian chicken sandwhich & sweet potatoe fries)
We recently went during happy hour and had these bomb little shrimp appys? Stop reading my review, and just go. This place is a must.
Food and atmosphere very good. Service...meh.
I realize the review page says Hula is not a place for kids but since it was 1:00, in the p.m. I figured my husb. and I could give it a try with our 3 year old and not give anyone a heart attack.  Mosly elderly folks at this time of day.  We were greeted timely enough and allowed to sit where we pleased.  Chose the booth seat against mirrored wall.  Our boy was well behaved, only a little loud happy talking here and there.  He coiored with crayons and paper that we brought.  Stayed at the table with us.  

We were not told someone will be with you in a moment by other server who tended to others for about 5 minutes.  When our server came, we ordered tea, water, a fancy juice for our boy and shrimp rolls.  

Shrimp rolls came before drinks.  They were crispy on outside but filled with imitation crab and only a few bits of shrimp.  Good sauce.

Tea and water came and then then a few minutes later the juice.  The boy enjoyed a big juice with cerrries, oranges, and an umbrella.

Husb. ordered a fish dinner with sweet potato fries, ceasar salad and mac n' cheese for our boy.  Would share.

It was a LONG time before main food finally came.  I asked about it as we all were getting antsy.  Server told us that it would be less than 5 minutes as they were waiting on the mac n' cheese.  She said sandwich (we didn't order a sandwich but we took it anyway) was ready and did we want it now, before the mac n' cheese.  Yes!

Sandwich and fries came out COLD and the salad came out warm.  All three tasty though.  Mac n' cheese came too and it was NOT hot.

All in all, maybe they didn't like that we had a 3 year old with us.  There was a group of young twentish girls giving us the eye.

Don't worry, we'll never take him there again.  Not sure if I'll even go with girlfriends for happy hour.
I had a very late lunch earlier in the day and stopped by Hula's Modern Tiki around 9 PM for a very quick bite.  I sat outside on a beautful spring evening and enjoyed Seared Ahi on Wonton Crisps(On Starter section of Menu) and a delicious slice of Key Lime Pie.  I did not like the Beverage that I ordered but would come again for dining.
I'll get the drama out of the way now and say, unequivocally, I love, love, love this restaurant.  My wife and I are vegetarian, and it's not only veg-friendly, it's excellent.  Their veggie burger is one of the best I've had in the city, and Dr. Funk may be my favorite drink of all time, with the Scorpion Bowl coming in a close second.  Spicy tofu tacos?  Excellent.  My favorite dish is, by far, the Jungle Tofu bowl, which should always leave me with a to-go box, but is always consumed fully on the premises.  I almost never get dessert anywhere, but their key lime pie is the best I've had since Key West...no kidding.

Parking can be a bit of a bear on the wrong night here, but my favorite time to visit is on a Saturday afternoon when it's almost always quiet and relaxing.  We have an electric car, and their two charging stations are a plus, but at night they are almost always occupied by gas burners.  

And before I forget, the staff here has always been lovely, from the hosts, to the bar and wait staff.  

As a last word, Hula is my go-to place when I need to relax and forget about my troubles.  They really make me feel like I'm on a tropical island.
Hawaiian pork tacos were really tasty!  Prompt courteous service. Good atmosphere.
We ended up here on a pub crawl and made a mental note to come back.  I'm glad we did!  The drinks are fabulous and you can't beat happy hour prices.  The sweet potato fries *are* tasty but they are far from the best thing on the menu.  My guest and I had a difficult time choosing our entrees because there were so many things that looked good.  A word to the spice sensitive - things tend to run on the spicy side here so be sure to ask your server.  We had great service and it wasn't crowded.  I'm even considering hosting my birthday dinner here.  Definitely a fun place!
Extra points for a thank you for my review from the owner!  It's awesome to know that he cares about the guest experience enough to respond.  I do not, unfortunately, live close to Hula's but I can't wait to go back.  :)
I love Hawaii and I love rum and Tiki's and like Polynesian sauce from Chick Fil-A and I like Pineapples and cool looking glasses and happy hours.  I love Hulas because it has all these things.  What really makes this place is the drinks, I haven't had such good tropical drinks since i visited Hawaii, seriously they hold up and hold up well plus they come in awesome glasses that you can purchase or if your a real douche steal ( I don't condone that).  The only reason Hulas doesnt get 5 stars from me is the food, its been hit and miss for me.  Not bad but not AMAZING, and when you build a place like this with such fantastic drinks and an excellent ambiance you would only expect the food to follow suit.  That being said I will go again and try something new again and hopefully I'll find that dish that blows me away but for the mean time I'll enjoy drinking like I'm on a tropical island in the middle of the desert.
Hands down, one of my favorite restaurants. It's a frequent on Wednesdays for their all night happy hour. Also Sunday all day happy hour, cant beat $2 mimosas! I eat out a lot, and hit this place at least once a week. Service is always great, food is fabulous, and the location is awesome!
First visit to Hula today for lunch.  The Big Sur Black Bean Burger (their version of a veggie burger) was excellent, and it's true ... it's the best in town.  My son had the pork tacos and he said they were delicious.  Great place.  I'll be back!
Everything I put in my mouth at Hula's was amazing. Started off with a blood orange margarita, tart but loved it. Then The Volcano was delivered to our party of 8. It tasted like jungle juice and served family-style. For dinner I had the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw on top and sweet potato fries. I think the fries were my favorite, then the coleslaw, and the pork last. It was all tasty though. Since it was a friend's birthday, they brought their signature sundae which was heavenly. Vanilla ice cream with macadamia nuts mixed in, topped with toasted coconut and other stuff. Overall, pretty stoked with my food choices. Server was awesome until we asked to split the check. She should have asked first! Just a little 'tude but oh we'll. Definitely want to go back and try other deliciousness.
PATIO-PATIO-PATIO! 
It was a little tricky to get seated, but we got it done and were happy how fast the service was once seated. 

Food is good to really good. SPICY EDAMAME for a starter. Hella good! I kept it real and had the HULA BURGER. Basic burger, but I have to really be more excited about the Volcano Bowl! Careful, do not drink too fast and share with 6 people or you will be tore up! 

Can't wait to go back!
Tasty drinks but kinda wimpy. Sweet potato fries, Mac n cheese, fried plantains. All highly recommended. Great place to sit outdoors n hang w great company.
Food was good, more or less timely.  It's right in gay central Phoenix, so if you don't like those of alternate sexual tastes its probably not up your alley, but all in all not too bad. Kind of close seating quarters inside, so definitely if you aren't into gay dudes, sit outside.
Really enjoy brunch here, lunch and even dinner. When the weather is nice it's fun to sit out on the patio. We really like the South Seas Fish Tacos and HULA'S Hangover Hash. Then if you need an afternoon cocktail go for a Dr. Funk or a Painkiller.
Hula's Modern Tiki is always a win!
Great indoor and outdoor seating. Wonderful island-style music that gets you relaxed and thinking that maybe there is a body of water somewhere nearby (not a chance in Phoenix).
I got the chicken skewers, which were moist and came with great dipping sauce. My husband loves the black bean burger here (a great option for vegetarians). They have good drinks and good service. We have come here alone and with friends and we always have a good time. Love the location and the mid-century modern style of the place, too! Very Mad Men, if Don Draper took a trip to Polynesia!
This place has always had good food and good service, but in the past the service has been sort of slow when I've dined there during the lunch hour with larger groups. However, I have nothing bad to say about them after the visit I experienced this week. The food was excellent, the server was polite and attentive, and two different workers were constantly refilling drinks. On top of that, they were busy and still able to give us ample attention!
First time visiting Hulas, and I really enjoyed it. The atmosphere and ambiance is very laid back and tropical, with tiki heads and surfer posters everywhere. Clean, friendly, and an awesome drink menu! Cuisine offers a mix of seafood and island favorites with your standard burgers, steaks and fries. Vegetarian options are readily available. Our party had no problems with service on a busy saturday night. I ordered the ribeye with mashed potatoes, cooked medium rare. I'm not the biggest fan of ribeyes, and the price was a little steep, but overall the meal was flavorful and hot. I'd have to say that the real highlight here is their tropical drinks. Men, here is a bar where you can order a Mai Tai with no shame. No touristy girl drinks here, only strong Mai Tais made with excellent rum! If you're a fan of the 50s and 60s like I am, or you're looking for something new for dinner and drinks, try it out!
Great food Horrible service.
Favorite things: 
1. Blood Orange Martini
2. Thai Fish Cakes
3. Fish Bites
4. Cool, modern, retro decor
5. Great patio area
6. Really great bar service
7. Location

Only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars: 
1. Price, however it redeems itself during happy hour!

I have a favorite drink now, and it is the Blood Orange Martini from Hula's. The Pink Bikini is good, and if you want more bang for your buck order the Zombie. Tiki drinks run about $7 or $5 during happy hour. Really great place to relax, but if you are on a budget this place can be a bank buster. The appetizers all look amazing, and I've order fish bites, thai fish cakes, and sweet potato fries. Mmm...the fish is so fresh and the dipping sauces have me swooned just as much as the BO martini. I'll frequent this place more often, but know that 3 drinks or 2 and an appetizer is gonna run me around $25...eek.
I'm surprised I never wrote a review for Hula's..... Well, better late than never!
Hula's has yummy food and a yummy vibe.  The interior is fun and feels contemporary island.  There's a large patio for those mild nights and wintertime.
The best thing about Hula is their Caesar salads.  Most of the entrees have an option for Caesar salad or sweet potato fries or something else.  Please get the Caesar salad.  If you must, then go with the sweet potato fries.  Or, you can do like my friend and I, and split a chicken Caesar salad and black bean burger with a side of sweet potato fries.  Not only will the kitchen split everything for you, you get the best of everything.  
On the last visit, we had the two entrees and four vodka cocktails and our bill was about $55.  I'd say that's a smoking deal.  
It's right off of the light rail and I hear they have an amazing brunch.  I can't wait to get up early enough on the weekend to try it!
What a find....  trendy, friendly and fabulous.  This is the type of place that I call home. Hula's has something for everyone with Island cuisine from coast to coast and anywhere in between but still has room for a twist of the American Burger that keeps him happy.   

We found this place around the time it first opened as we were trying out the light rail.   We were not quite sure if we should go in because after bumming on the light rail all day the trendy setting threw us off.   The unique building was an eye catcher and at first we were not sure if it was a restaurant so as the explorers we are we went up to the door and then when I realized this was a restaurant we asked to see a menu.  My now Fiance took one quick look at the menu and started to walk a way and so I began to follow.  The owner Dana grabbed us and convinced us to give it a shot.  In fact he made such an impression that we have become regulars.  Dana the owner makes this place feel like cheers because every time we come in everyone knows our names.   We laugh and joke with the eclectic mix of staff who is always friendly, courteous and professional.   If that isn't enough, the prices and great food will keep you coming back.   

Yes that is the start of our love affair with a place called Hula's and it hasn't ended in all this time.  You might ask me why not because I haven't gotten to the end of the menu yet nor have I gotten all the receipts.  These are the foods that you never tire of.   I have always started with sweet potato fries with Hula's own mouth watering sauce as an appetizer because you can not go their without trying this dish.  The first year I could only eat  the Jamaican Jerk plate that was so good I use to crave it all the time.  I then ventured on to their shrimp rolls and lunch portion salads with just the right amount for lunch with friends.  I have ventured even further for happy hour with the girls I tried the ceviche, crab cakes and taco's with Dr Funk giving us his blessing with a RX for the soul.  Some of my fav's are any of the Bowl dishes, Hearty Black-bean burger and the fresh fish catch of the day.   Hula's has a perfect blend of ambiance. I always tell everyone I know that they should come in and tell them we sent you.

Did you hear now next door they have a new frozen Yogurt place called Twirl?   I have been thinking about the Red Velvet every since I visited on Friday.  I'm not sure I will ever leave.  LOL   

Eat, Live and Enjoy....  I know you will.
Hula's was my very first check in on Yelp, over a year ago.  It was not until recently that I even began writing reviews, now I'm addicted.  I used to live closer and we would go during Tiki Time.  I had a bad service experience and ceased coming until my wife talked me into going again.  It is what it is and I am happy to have gone back.

Hula's is one of the few places that offers "Poke" so this is one of the main reasons I am now a fan.  Their Poke is a different style then I am used to, but good none the less.  They also offer nice stiff drinks and have a nice selection.  I honestly have to say I have not been overly impressed with any entrees I have had, but definitely enjoy the appetizers.  This doesn't mean that I will not try more, I just have to find the right one.

I almost gave only 3 stars, but because of the Poke, drinks, and your outstanding building I upped it to 4.  I will be back and hungry for more Poke, thank you Hula's.
Couldn't choose between the ribs or the Luau pork plate and the waiter recommended the pork. I thought it was all right, but they sure doused it in 12 gallons of soy sauce and sort of over did it with the sweet pineapples. After being forced to eat white rice every night for the past 19 years due to a very persuasive/aggressive Asian mother, I vowed to stop eating it when I got out of the house but because it was so overly sweet and salty, I had to ask for more of the rice that came with it just to mellow my mouth out. 

While I should give it 3 stars, I can honestly say that you cannot beat their happy hour prices. Thanks to this place, my boyfriend and my wallet are both happy and he's able to drop his 'macho' guard, He now happily drinks Orange Martinis and Mai Tai's, but at Hula's. Anywhere else and it's back to his manly Samuel Adams and Four Peaks. Le sigh.
I've been going to Hula's Modern Tiki for about a year now and I have to say I haven't been disappointed. Being a big fan of Trader Vic's and Smuggler's Cove in San Francisco, I'm also pretty impressed.  The Polynesian style menu is creative and quite good (the pork tacos and the spicy seaweed salad are two of my favorites). The cocktails are outstanding. You'll find not only the traditional (really good Mai Tai's) but also drinks with a "twist" (try the Juan Ho)!
 
With a diverse clientele, the atmosphere is very "hip" and stylish (à la modern tiki). Seating includes the main dining area, the bar lounge, or outside on the large central patio. One of the best attributes of Hula's is the staff. Just about everyone working there is thoughtful, fun and attentive. Even the owner's a really a nice guy (he's often around). Did I mention they have one of best Happy Hours in Phoenix?
Since I'm a big fan of The Torch Theatre, I often frequent Hula's before shows to grab dinner and a drink. I love that the atmosphere is so laid back, with a beautiful outdoor patio and fire pit. There's typically no wait when it's just my husband and I, even on weekend evenings. The hostess always seats us promptly. The drink menu is extensive and the menu very diverse. My favorites are the panko-crusted fish bites and their sweet potato fries...well, maybe the sauce that comes with them too.

While all my experiences have been good, I do want to focus on one extraordinary act of service I had last month. I was hosting 15 individuals for a work conference and wanted to take them to a show at Torch. I called Hula's the day before and they told me they couldn't host us all at one table as all the reservations had been booked, but they could do a few tables outside. I didn't mind, as long as we could eat there.

Unfortunately nothing ever goes as planned with that amount of people, and so we all showed up at different times, with the majority of us 10 minutes late. Not only did Hula's honor our reservation, but they had managed to put us all at one long table.

Being late, we only had about an hour to drink, order and eat before the show. The server, whose name escapes me, was blessedly patient. We ordered and were served with 20 minutes -- all 15 people. All our orders were correct and timely. I've never seen that happen with a large group ever. I was incredibly impressed and will have no qualms about bringing a large party to Hula's in the future.
Finally made our way here and happy we did. I had the calamari sandwich with fries. While it wasn't what I was expecting (think Spanish calamari bocadillo) it was still good. The fries were great!  The experience was good enough that I def want to come back to try the steak sandwich. I'll update my review after another visit, but I was happy with our first time here. The bf LOVED the jerk chicken and if he likes your food, I'll def give the menu another shot.
I think I've been putting of writing a Hula review. DON'T GO HERE!! It's wonderful, and I like that there's almost always somewhere to sit without waiting!!

Expect to see someone you know, or someone you want to know at Hula. Watch whatever craziness they have projected on the wall without apology. Order the second drink you want, you can always sit and while away a little more time.

Brunch on the patio! Black bean burger! Sweet potato fries! Moscow Mule (sub Hendricks and say yes to the bitters)! Dark and Stormies! Yum! Yum! Yum!

Tiki paraphenalia, vintage LA photos, consistently good service, modern touches in the decor, a gutted and re-purposed central Phoenix landmark building, a chic firepit, umbrellas and mist, high seats, low seats, group seats, booth seats, open kitchen, electric car charging, bike rack, lightrail access, I mean really, what's not to like?

A word of caution: if you are not in the mood for an epic night, if you must get something done afterward, if you have any reason to drive posthaste, then DON'T ORDER THE SCORPION BOWL. It tastes so good when it hits your lips. If you're not careful, we'll be calling you Mr. Toad (the morning after your wild ride)!
I have not been here for over a year but have been wanting to write a review.  It was a nice evening and the garage doors/walls were open.  Hula's has a very comfortable atmosphere.  We started with the Spicy Edamame, loved them!  For main course, I had the Lemongrass Encrusted Butterfish.  My husband had Duke's Luau Pork Plate.  They were both good but I liked the fish better.  I am planning on going again when the weather cools down.
Ohhh Hula's. I've been here on one occasion so far and I can't wait to go back. We went there on a Saturday night before heading out to our favorite club, Sanctum which is really close. There was no wait, we were seated promptly and our very nice server got us our drinks right away. The decor and ambiance was lovely- 50s tiki theme, good music, and low key people.

I really appreciate places with great, fresh salads and tasty cocktails and Hula's delivered. I order the spicy caesar salad with grilled shrimp and a Mai Tai. It was SO GOOD. The salad was a huge portion, the ingredients were fresh, and the shrimp was grilled to perfection. The Mai Tai was great as well and it wasn't a typical girly Mai Tai. It was strong and I had a great buzz going after drinking it.

On Saturday nights we usually like to chill at the restaurant for a couple hours before heading out to the club where the music is really loud and we can't talk. Hula's had no problem with this and we were able to sit there for a while and chat without being bothered to leave.

I'm really surprised at the mediocre reviews this place has gotten because I had a great meal and was highly satisfied :)
I had my birthday luncheon/happy hour here this past weekend  - wonderful time.  Bar staff kept my group plied with booze and food.  Unfortunately, there are still about 49 things on the menu that I haven't tried.  I guess I'll have to go back.  :)
I think I fall in love with Hula's a little more each time I'm there! The first few times we just went for drinks and drinks turned into lunches, happy hours and now Hula's is a go-to spot for dinner. The vibe is laid back, but cute enough for a date night, the patio is spacious and wonderful for springtime cocktails on the patio and it's been the perfect place for casual business lunches on occasion. The service is always great which is soooo key, but the food is my favorite part. I've never had a single thing I didn't love and continue to try new things. My husband love mexican/american and I'm obsessed with anything asian influenced and this menu proves to be one that gets both of our mouths watering. 

Favorites: 
The spicy shrimp caesar salad is unreal delicious and huge 
Island Style Poke appetizer - a must try. We're obsessed.
The tacos are delicious
I'm in love with the Spicy Thai Chicken Bowl.

You can't go wrong.
I can't begin to tell you how awesome this place is! The servers are friendly and the food is to die for! 

I went with my friends for my birthday and I was kind of nervous with there being 16 of us.  Often times, splitting checks, ordering etc can be a bear with a large party.  Not at Hula's.  Water and drinks were kept full and she was always checking on us.  I even got a bowl of the most amazing ice cream with macadamia nuts in it...with a candle! ;-) 

It's not often that everyone at the table enjoys their food...but it happened last night!  I ordered the calamari sandwich which was delicious.  The calamari steak was sliced and on a sandwich topped with some really good slaw.  I asked the waitress which of the fries were better and she suggested that I just mix them which I did.  The regular fries were good, but man oh man...the sweet potato fries were fantastic!  We started with some spicy edamame...take my advice and order some of it next time! You won't be sorry!  As far as cocktails go, I am not a fan of super sweet drinks so I asked our server what she suggested.  I went with her suggestion and ordered the Blood Orange Martini and ended up have 2 of them.  

All in all, Hula's made my birthday celebration very special and everyone enjoyed their time there!  We'll definitely be going back!!!
I had driven past this place many times and finally made it in this weekend! The food was excellent ! I had the Ahi Wasabi Bowl and it tasted amazing. My friend ordered the Jamaican Jerk Chicken and it had great flavor as well.  The sweet potato fries were really good but not the best I've had but that might be because I have a favorite place for that.  When it comes to drinks .. I will give them kudos because they are tasty and pretty strong!  Service was great! Definitely visiting this place again!
A trendy place in CenPho..when we got there the place was jam packed.. It was happy hour..we ended up sitting on the patio which was nice. We started with the coconut shrimp egg rolls which were amazing. I got the shrimp tacos and my buddy got the rice bowl and after seeing it I wish that I had gotten it..all in all great food and service and nice location on Central Ave.
Oh Hula's
The first time we came in a noticed the spicy shrimp caesar.  I thought mango in a caesar was a pretty odd choice.  I tried it thinking that the two really didn't go together but was pleasantly surprised!  
The next trip I ordered the Jerk Pork.  Holy pig.  Seriously, this pork was melt in your mouth tender.  Chewing was hardly necessary.  The flavor was really really good.  All of the sides were delicious, the fried plantains were just right and the Jamaican johnny cakes were passed around our table for everyone to try.
Out of all the guests we have taken with us no one has ever left disappointed.  We have yet to run into anything mediocre and always look forward to our next trip.
We have some new friends who have never ridden the light rail.  The 4 of us decided to take a trip downtown and pick a restaurant that was an easy walk and one the we could enjoy for less than $50 a couple with a few drinks.

After doing the required internet searches we ended up at Hula's Modern Tiki on a Friday night in July.  We arrived around 6:30 and wanted to eat inside (they have a cute outdoor patio) as it was still a hot.  We were the first ones on the waiting list and created a seat at the bar.  Cute place filled with Hawaii type memorabilia.  My wife's Mai Tai was very good which can be a challenge to find in Phoenix.

We were seat in about 15 minutes.  The wait staff was adequate.  The spicy edamami was actually spicy and I ended up eating most of it.  We ordered the Ahi Taco's and the Carne Asada Taco's.  Each were two large taco's stuff with Ahi tuna and steak cooked to order.  There was enough for 3 or 4 taco's each.  Delicious.  My wife enjoyed the black bean and rice combination and she doesn't do beans.  

The concrete floors make the atmosphere a little noisy but not obnoxiously so.  The 4 us were able to carry on a "real conversation".  I also notice a manager type "floating around" obviously paying attention to the details.  It showed.  I later introduced myself to the manager (Dana) who turned out to be the owner.  I always enjoy a restaurant where the owner/manager is actively involved.

The price came in right at $40  and we all agreed we would go back again.  It would be a really fun place on the patio when the weather cools.
Throw the word "tiki" into any phrase and you've got a party.  No exception here.  Hula's has perfected the art of combining meat with fruit/sweets (love the coconut shrimp rolls) and those Hawaiian inspired cocktails that knock you on your butt.  Want a drink that's on fire? No need to head to Springfield for a Flaming Moe, you can order a cocktail here that literally comes in a flaming bowl.  

The atmosphere is fun and the place is bright and cheerful in the day and dim and cozy at night.  The service is always excellent.  Or maybe that's just what you think after a couple of their drinks... 

It's a great little spot, definitely worth your time to check it out!
Hands down the best food around!!!! The staff is friendly . We have not had anything less than stellar food and awesome service. We recomend hula's every chance we get and after an always great meal we shoot across the parking lot for some delicious yogurt. Great job dana and niki! We look forward to the next chance we get to eat there..Keep up the good job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Once again, a great meal at Hula's! We got there at Happy Hour time, so it was a little chaotic, but we were seating in about 5 minutes. 
The staff there is always super friendly and we were lucky that Dana came and said hi. He's an owner who "gets it" when it comes to responding to customers, as he did after my first review.
The Jamaican Jerk Chicken Plate was uh-mazing! When it arrived and I saw the portion of chicken, I almost asked if they had made a mistake. It was a HUGE pile of jerk chicken! The dish also came with Johnny Cakes. Corn cakes with spices and fruit? Yes, please! Fried plantains are also one of my favorites and theirs were perfect! The right amount of crispy on the edges and sweet and and and foodgasm!

This place is always busy when I drive by. Know what that says? Just another great spot to eat in CenPho!

Thanks, Dana!
What a fun place!! I have had tiki in my blood ever since I saw my first coconut bra.  I love the decor, I appreciate what they are trying to do with the food and just really love that a place this cute is right down the road from my apartment.  My chicken was ok- next time I will try the tacos, I think I just ordered something that wasn't a good fit for me.  The waitress was super nice and the whole experience was just really nice and chill.
Stopped in for lunch and decided to sit at the bar. Jeannie loves their ice tea so that was her call and I went with the Kona wheat. The Kona has a little passion fruit in it, so you weissen purists might not be game. Have had it in bottle and draft and think I like the draft better.  We shared the fish tacos and Steve split the plate for us without a request. He seemed to be one step ahead of each request. Great guy. Tried the spicy seaweed salad. Awesome! It has some heat behind it, but it was super tasty. Only bad part of our visit is I left without getting a Mai tai!
It's been a while since I've been here to eat, but what I remember, the food is awesome. Tropical style with fresh flavors like mango and coconut. Plenty of fresh fish. The decor is modern tiki like the name says. The patio is great especially when weather permits. Their happy hour specials are great and the uniqueness of the drinks is a fantastic plus. It's always nice to sit down at a bar and strike up conversation with the guy 2 seats away as well as the bartender. The staff were definitely friendly. I wish there was one of these closer to the East side.
I met some friends out for dinner and drinks.  The service was pretty good. Our waiter was nice but we had to flag him down a lot.  We were able to sit for over 3 hours without feeling rushed at all.  Plus the prices were quite reasonable.

We started with the chicken sticks which were great.  I had the Ahi Tacos that were messy but super delicious.  My friend had the ribs and another friend had a chicken dish, both of which I would also recommend.  They have a long list of cocktails which were all delicious, but it is hard to find something without pineapple.

They have a nice outdoor patio but we couldn't enjoy that because it was one of those weird experiences of rain in the desert.  Overall I'm glad I went and I would recommend again.
within seconds of posting my review, the owner messaged me and offered to buy me tacos!! this just made me love hula's even more.  dana, i will be back- a lot, we had such a great time.  you had me at hula.
We go to Hula's in a big group of about 30 people after our dodgeball league downtown on Tuesdays.  We let them know we are coming and they are always very accommodating.  All of the young 20 something servers do a good job and never have any sort of bad attitude, even though we are slamming them with a rush close to close. 

This place is not to expensive, but the outdoor area and general atmosphere is pretty cool.  Not to trendy, but enough to notice.

The Asian style chicken kabobs ( I think the menu name is something like Surfrider chicken sticks???) are to die for.  I have been here 3 times and have not gotten anything else.  A lot of others in our group seemed to have LOVED them as well.  There really are beyond delicious and very affordable.

Great Service, great food.
Came in on a Saturday night just before the rush and got seats. Healthy menu and fun drinks. Loved my fish tacos with black beans and rice.  Only complaint: we were jammed in ( the table are close). Don't expect to have private conversations. Just good food.
Stumbled upon Hula's with my girlfriends in the winter and we fell in love.  I think we came 3 straight weeks in a row even though we were suppose to be trying new restaurants out.  We couldn't help it, we would go on Wednesday nights when happy hour was all night.  They have delicious drinks and appetizers, I love the sweet potato fries and the crispy coconut shrimp rolls.  I have tried many of their dinner items and always come back to getting a huge house salad with chicken.  The dressing is amazing!  Absolutely love Hula's and would recommend it to anyone!
A very nice bar that's right off the light rail on Central Ave in Downtown Phoenix...great drink menu and huge outdoor seating.  Haven't tried any of the food, but a great place to meet up with friends.
SOUTH SEAS FISH TACOS!!!  Yep, I said it.  And to wash it down Dr. Funk (if you're by yourself.  If you have a friend or two, Volcano Bowl (its worth it)
I recently moved to Central Phoenix and Hula's is one of my new favorites!  I'm a vegetarian and there are tons of delicious options for me, the place has a great atmosphere and fantastic servers and bartenders!  My only complaint is that there are no bar hooks for my purse - not a big deal but the chairs also have sloped shoulders so there is really NOWHERE for the purse to go.  Pretty annoying at happy hour.  Everything else is fantastic though!
I LOVE Hula's! 

Hula's has such an amazing happy hour. I love their appetizers, especially the coconut shrimp rolls, potstickers, and calamari. The pulled pork sandwich is delicious as well. I'm the biggest fan of their signature cocktails. I'm not one for fruity drinks, but I really like theirs! Dr. Funk is a must-try, and I love how it's served in a Tiki glass. Blood Orange Martini is by far my favorite though. Such amazing flavors! Never have had a problem with service here. The only complaint I have would be about the size of the appetizers for the price. But that's why I stick to happy hour :)
I'm new to this Yelp stuff so this is my first check in here but I'd say this is probably my tenth visit since moving to the midtown area and frankly their really isnt anything I'd change I mean they don't try to be anything they aren't they do what they do and they do it well really well..... Til next time
This place has gone downhill. At least at night it goes down hill. Where are these people coming from? Geeze, I feel like I walked in to an episode of Jersey Shore. Blegh. The food is still pretty good, the volcano bowl is disgusting but worth the try. Hubs and I went one night just to hang out. It's so cramped. You are sitting on top of everyone around you. The good part of that is we had some good laughs at some RIDICULOUS conversations that were happening around us. I won't be visiting this place at night ever again. I may hit up Hula for some mimosas though. This place is much better for a nice brunch than it is for a night out.
I came here once for a work event and after a few hours my boss said he had to leave before I "drank everything on the menu." I always have fun when I come to Hula's and I love their cocktails. I last wound up here with Laura L.; Liz S.; Tom S.; J.D.L. and Kelly R. after doing Happy Hour at Fez and we had a great time drinking and having some food. We had two of the whopping huge drinks that come with four straws and flaming rum in the middle. My favorite drinks are the Dr. Funk and the Blood Orange Martini but they have some great beers and lots of other yummy cocktails on the menu.

I also LOVE the Spicy Thai Fish Cakes...DELISH!!!!! Great Happy Hour specials and an awesome patio....once summer is over!
Third time's still a charm! 
This time I got the Luau pork sandwich which is sweet, shredded pork on a bun with coleslaw. I'm usually not a fan of slaws but this one was not too sweet and really complimented the pork. And, as before, the sweet potato fries were awesome with Hula's dressing dip. 
Super friendly server on the patio, too.
Also used Yelp to get $5 off when I checked in - so without a drink, it was just over $6! Awesome deal.
I'll finally give it that 5th star for service, taste, environment and prices.
I've been to Hula's many times both for happy hour and dinner and the selection is great! They have a creative menu and the drinks are fun and full of flavor! The fish tacos and seaweed salad are probably our favorites. We tried the bean burger and sweet potato fries which was actually really good! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for great food, a chill atmosphere, and great pricing. If you want to wrap up with desert they just opened up Twist next door for a great selection of frozen yogurt!
We went there for lunch and everything was good. I've got to say the company was what made the lunch truly enjoyable but I'd go back there again.
So I reviewed Hula's a couple months back with a not-so-satisfied tale of my first visit. And it's true, the first time I went our waitress did not appear very happy when we said we were skipping dinner and only doing drinks... and proceeded to ignore us most of time... but perhaps it was an off night for the poor girl. Despite that night, I did not give up on Hula's and have since been back numerous times (is it bad that it's pretty much weekly?).

Why I frequent:

- Best bean burger known to man.
- Literally every cocktail on the menu is delicious...
   and served in a funky tiki glass.
- Any dish with fish can be replaced with tofu.


...all at a very reasonable price.
No no no I did not want this to happen with this place.... I've wanted so much for them always to have great reviews from me in fact after my first review I wasn't planning on another for awhile.... Let's hope it was just a bad day.... So it started okay with the appetizer suggested by John the bartender the beef kabobs great sauce.... From there downhill..... As I said in my first review this place is great cuz they dont try to be something their not so maybe I should have stayed with the fish and opted away from a rib eye steak it was horribly under cooked to raw to break down the marbling you get with a rib eye to keep it from being tuff..... But hey who orders a steak in the middle of the afternoon right.... Asked for fresh veggies and Wasabi mashed for my side's....... Ended up with french fries and mashed potatoes huh..... So quickly they remedied the situation with snap peas which I love but there was just something off about these can't put my finger on what it was........   I'm not happy about this review but in the interest of being fair it needed to be written..... I'm sorry guys but I'll be back heck maybe it was just me having a bad day....... Til next time
Visited for the first time today. The staff were very friendly and helpful. They were having live music but I was not able to stay.  The food was good and not expensive. It's a small place so if you have a large group you may want to make a reservation. The banana cream pie is so good. I will be back for more.
Ahi poke' was amazing ! We had to order an extra. Drinks were cool and refreshing. Spicy Thai chicken bowl and butterfish were also very tasty. 
Our waitress was super cool and attentive. 
Def gonna go back.
So let me start this review with the embarrassing admission that I walked outside to make a phone call and have a cigarette the other night and completely forgot that I had not yet paid for my dinner and drinks which I guess is a testament to the strength of the Mai Tia's that John was feeding me all night I kept begging him to stop but to no avail...... there I did find someone to blame..... not that I am advocating this kind of behavior there was however a quiet understanding of hey I've been there before by Dana whom I emailed my apologies to immediately the next morning and was informed that it wasn't a big deal and to just cover it the next time I rolled in.......  Okay so now having said all of this I did have a point to make ........ the food, the people, the service, the atmosphere, all deserve 5 stars as they almost always do It's not that I had anything new and exciting I had the same thing I often do the Samurai beef sticks with the Butter fish pan fried.... that's the point I'm trying to make even though I had what I've had several times before it was so on point it made me want to come back again and again and again like I said in my first review they do what they do and they do it well....... Til next time  

P.S. as I had said in my last review that I hoped they were just having a bad day in my opinion that is exactly what  happened for the sole reason that my great meals have for out weighed any bad meal (as in singular)  that I have ever had at Hula's
Super Hawaiian Food. Restaurant Ambiance and Style gets a 5 star, very catchy and modern. Might go again once.
This place is so cute. Perfect hangover brunch spot. The food is actually pretty good. It is nice and chill. Great atmosphere.
The fish sandwich never disappoints, and paired with the sweet potato fries it is divine! Great atmosphere and great drink specials for happy hour. Wailua wheat on tap!
Wow, I went in wanting to not like this place and I REALLY liked it.

Unique drinks including a pineapple wine. Which has a pineapple nose and a pino gris finish. A few veggie options and the BEST edamame in town!

The edamame are not usual the are tossed with a chili and green onion spicy glaze that I loved! 

The paio is great too large open and not too loud.

The tofu rice bowl at $11 was good too with a nut curry sauce veggies and long strips of tofu.

I saw a Punch bowl with fire on another table, so I assure you I will be back to try this.
I'm giving this review 5 stars purely on tue customer service alone. 

We slid into this joint on a sat evening around 8pm. There was a good crowd going, but not packed. We were allowed to pick our own seat, and our waiter greeted us promptly. I ordered a Mai tai ( the drink is strong, and I recommend it). The drinks came out quickly, and we put in an order of pot stickers. I can't say I enjoyed them too much, they were crunchy, like deep fried instead of the traditional pan fried. We then ordered the entrees. I had the spicy thai chicken bowl, and she had the pork tacos. The Thai bowl wasn't spicy, but it was HUGE and good. The pork tacos though...were much better than what I had. It made me wish I had ordered those instead. Lastly we ordered chocolate macadamia nut brownie that was delivered hot, with a side of vanilla ice cream with nuts in it. The brownies were very rich, and the ice cream complimented it very well. 

The highlight for me was our server. He was very prompt with the service, gave us excellent recommendations, and catered to our every need. His actions alone made the meal.
The husband and I had driven by Hula's multiple times, saying it looked interesting but we were always on our way to another destination. We finally stopped in on their 3rd Anniversary and boy, are we glad we did. The wait for a table was probably 45 minutes, but the place was packed and in all consideration, it wasn't as long as other places we've been. Plus, we wanted to sit outside, since a band was going to be playing. (Who were awesome, btw.) Drinks were $3 all night, special anniversary prices, and we tried the Dr. Funk and the Painkiller. The Dr. Funk was delicious! The Painkiller is similar, but had cinnamon or another spice in it that I didn't care for.  I ordered the coconut shrimp egg rolls to get us started and they were fantastic! For dinner, I had the coconut encrusted butterfish and the husband had a pork plate. (Mine was delicious but the pork was just okay.) Our friends had steak tacos and a salad. The steak tacos looked so good, we had to come back a second time. The second time here, I had the steak tacos and the husband had the steak dinner. Mmmm, the steak tacos were totally worth it. (We also ordered the coconut shrimp rolls again - definitely a favorite.) For dessert, we got the brownie with macadamia nut ice cream. The brownie wasn't anything special but the ice cream was good. When we checked in on Yelp, we received $5 off our bill. This was a nice surprise! Totally check this place out - we'll definitely be back!
I would like to high five the person that came up with the design concept for this place because they are awesome, and so is Hula's.

I went here on a Thursday night for drinks and dinner before seeing a show in central Phoenix. I just love that there's a completely open air patio, a covered bar/dining area and an additional little section that's also open air but more fitted for intimate dining rather than groups.
Lights strung, great music, good wait staff, this palce just was a really lax, tropical, island vibe to it without being over the top Hawaiian- which can be tacky. It pulls more from the vintage 1950 beach bunny scene and it works, really well. 
I ordered the calamari sandwhich with sweet potato fries- per Foursqaure suggestion.
Um, HELLO beautiful. It was so amazing. the salw and just enough crunch to the breaded and fried calamari strips with an ah maze ing ailoia sauce that even went well with the fries. But my favorite part of this heavenly plate with the flakiness of the roll. It was a Kraiser roll but cracked just enough to amazing.
Every weekend they have a fantastic happy hour special. Check that out and also like them on Facebook, trust me, you'll want to.
Can't wait to go back and try all the yummy drinks!
Little know Debbie fact, back when I was about 21 , I had a strong hankering for  the hula . I took  hula classes, twirled  poi pots  about my head and shook my  coconuts believing it would  make me feel tropical and mysterious.

Now, the closest I get to feeling tropical is a night at Hula's. Which is about as much effort as I want to put into it  mysterious anymore.  Hula's Modern Tiki  screams  a fusion of tropical funky with delicious delights . When I walk in the door i am ready to be pulled away from the outside world and imagine myself sitting in a beach town bar.   For me the kitschy , campy Polynesian style makes me me feel giddy.  I love vintage, camp and the Hula's pulls it off. I have  had some amazing good times drinking a silly  drink called Mr. Funk --a combo of coconut rum, banana liqueur and who knows what  served in a tiki glass, sitting with my darling bestie Tom S.  , gossiping , dishing and figuring out the walk of life. We both love  the Poke   , a dish of raw tuna , avocado with a sauce de soy.  The coconut spring roll makes me happy as well. It's light , sweet and stuffed with shrimp and coconut. I can highly recommend  their food.  Think fish , think tropical flair , think delicious.

Just about every time  I am at Hula's I have enjoyed myself and loved my experience. I am sure hanging out with Tom has a lot to do with it but  it helps to go to a fun place too.  i have a personal conviction you can' t drink out of a glass shaped like a tiki god and not have fun.

The staff (except for one  underwhelmed waitress who seemed quite irritated when we asked for drinks at the bar, what was THAT about)  have made me feel welcomed and comfortable. They tend to act like they enjoy what they do and they are hanging out with you too. I look forward to more good times at Hula's Modern Tiki  ....
What a find!!!  

We went there for lunch on a Saturday, and normally I don't really go "all out" in the middle of the day.  This really was no exception.  I tried to keep it light, but even the light side was out of this Frickin world!  

First of all, the atmosphere is awesome.  It truly is.  It is like an ultra modern Palapa.  I must've spelled that wrong because I got a red squiggly line under it, but you know what I mean.  The vibe was very cool.  Sort of Zen and the porch was part of the bar area and vice-versa.  There was a good crowd and everybody seemed to be having fun.

I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, and just as described it was "heaven on a bun".  My girlfriend ordered fish tacos that she raved about.  Sweet potato fries were killer.  

We sat at a community table because it seemed like the happiest place to be.  Down the table some people ordered the scorpion drink which was like a mai tai with 10 straws.  It was huge and didnt seem overpriced...especially when I saw the happy hour menu.  

There were a ton of things on the menu that Ive gotta try for dinner one night soon.  Everything seemed so yummy.  Service was really friendly too.  

I am dying to do happy hour here.  The bar area seems awesome!!!

Gotta  check this place out!
Went here for the first time 5 days ago, then went again a few days later.  It was that good.  The patio is amazing.  The tables inside are gorgeous.  The pineapple wine is very tasty (not super sweet, despite what the waitress told us).  The shrimp tacos are ok...not the best I've ever had, but still great...especially with avocado!  The fish bites and the coconut shrimp rolls are ridiculous!!  The blood orange martini is tasty.  Prices are very reasonable.  Will definitely go back...fun to sit right on the light rail :)
Fantastic food, and great service! Great establishment.
I have driven by this place numerous times and have been wanting to check it out.  Ever since Trader Vic's closed at the Valley Ho I have been needing a spot that will fulfill my not-too-frequent mai tai fix. I was there on a Wed night to meet up with some business buddies and the place was doing brisk business. I think they have an all night happy hour on Wed night, which was convenient.
Its a cool set up especially when the weather is nice. Very open bar that leads out to a big patio with lots of seating. Gilligan's Island episodes playing on a large projector is a cool touch as well.
I am a big believer that a proper gentleman knows to order margs at a mexican food joint, wine at an Italian or French place and good beer and whiskey every place else. That being said, when frequenting a super kitschy tiki hut standard operating procedure is the house mai tai. Very tasty, not too sweet and a bit boozy. I also had some HH pork tacos that were massive and pretty decent for soaking up the 5 mai tais. I would go back for the patio and the aforementioned MAI TAIS.
Great looking location.  Good atmosphere, bar is a nice size, outdoor and indoor seating areas.  Get there early as they get packed in a hurry.

Service was excellent.  Nice mix of cocktails.  Food selection (there were six of us and no complaints) is pretty diverse and quality is excellent.  Prices I thought were very reasonable.

Definitely worth a return visit.
Great food.  Great service.  Great experience.  My new favorite Central Avenue corridor eatery.
This place is great. I'm a huge fan of fish, and everything you get is delicious.  Honestly you're better off getting a "bowl" or a burger rather than an entree, you get more food for less money, how does that work?

I had my 27th birthday party here and they were more than accommodating. they let us decorate and didn't have a problem with my friend delivering cake. which i know most restaurants frown upon outside food. but they were more than nice.  i always enjoy my experiences here.  if it was a bit cheaper i would definitely come more often
Fun location, fun environment. There were good things and there were bad. As a fan of Hawaii, I was excited to try this place. My party of 4 was seated promptly on a Friday night and ordered drinks and appetizers. The edamame was so spicy that it was inedible for 3 of us. The ceviche was perfect, fresh and tasty. The drinks - mainly the mai tai's - were crisp, delicious and strong. All of our main entrees were so spicy that mine was nearly inedible, but I ate as much as I could since I was very hungry. My friend ordered a burger and it was so spicy that she could only eat half! I stayed in Hawaii for a week and never had this much of an issue with things being too hot/spicy to eat. If they could tone down the spice, I would go here every week for mai tais and appetizers. It started to rain during our meal and we were seated outside, so we raced with our plates to the nearest table which was under the roof of the outdoor patio and bar area. A server promptly came over and said "this table is reserved". Well, it had been sitting empty for our entire meal so far, the people had not arrived yet, and it was RAINING and we had our meals. Did you just expect us to sit in the rain and continue eating? We were paying customers! You have to think on your feet as waitstaff with an outdoor seating area. In case of inclimate weather, you must have a plan for accommodating your guests without leaving them in the rain holding their plate of food.
We really enjoyed Hulas and its wonderful outdoor patio. I wish I could elaborate more, but I remember very little of that night!!
I do remember it was great and that I really enjoyed the Mai Tai's!!! 
Service was quick and friendly!!  Lovely place!!
1 star for the seating debacle
4 stars for the food
5 stars for a great bartender

You do the math.

We had a party of four, but it might as well have been 12.  Although there were several open tables, we had to wait about 30 minutes for no other reason than they were trying to space out the seating so the servers weren't overwhelmed and you didn't have to wait at your table long.  Huh?  I actually saw the hostess seat a party of two at a four-top next to an empty table for two.  So it's better to have me wait in the entry way (along with scores of other people) and become increasingly irritated, with no drink in hand needless to say.  Finally a group left the bar and we were able to sneak in there.  

Enter the bartender with a halo over his head.  My Hula's Hurricane was delivered swiftly and all was right again.  We opted to share appetizers, poke and coconut shrimp rolls.  Now the poke did not sound appealing to me at all because of the whole raw fish deal, but my friend gave it high marks, and rightfully so.  With the soy and sesame dressing and the avocado, this dish was fantastic.  The coconut shrimp rolls were not to be outdone, though.  Perfect with a pineapple dipping sauce.

Would love to go to Hula's again, but will have a flask with me...and a lawn chair.
I have to say that I have been to Hulas several times and the food is nothing less than perfection. The wait staff is top notch, very attentive to your needs and the hostess does a fantastic job of getting us seated in a timely fashion. I always have a great time when at Hulas and I most definitely talk it up to my friends and family.
I took a friend to Hulas Modern Tiki tonight that had never been there and as usual, we were greeted by the hostess who has the most awesome smile ever...starts the night off great. Our waiter Andrew, who incidentally has been my waiter every time with only one exception, was as always very attentive, laid back, and just an all around nice guy and great waiter. Ice tea was in order along with some ribs for me and a Jawaiian Jerk Pork plate for my friend. The food arrived within minutes and was, par for course...SUPERB!!!  Thanks to the team at Hulas for another great dining experience.
Might be my new favorite place to hang out on Central, be a part of the "scene" and eat some really great food.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  My Hawaiian Margarita was awesome.  Too bad I was the DD...one was not enough.  Everyone at the table had something unique and different and we all loved it.  Can't wait to go back and try something else.  It was scrumptious!
A Phoenix gem.  The food is excellent.  The atmosphere, service, and staff is even better.
Hula's is pretty awesome. The drinks are deceptively strong--I always think I'm knocking back fruit juice...until the slurring begins. The food is also good. Not amazing, but there are some really good things here. The sweet potato fries and the hangover hash are both delicious.
Very good food! We ate some shrimp tacos and macaroni and cheese. They split our tacos up for us and didn't charge for it...the portions were great too!

Our server was friendly as well. Would definitely return!
Great food! I had the burger & Sweet Potato Fries. GREAT burger and the dipping sauce with the fries is awesome.
Wow. We went here on Christmas Eve w/ a group of friends. The happy hour prices here are awe-some, and the drinks are super tasty.

Love the tiki-chic ambiance and the patio is killer. Our waitress was probably the most attentive waitress weve ever had, she was awesome.

Cant wait to go back for another happy hour and some food!
What a cute, and yummy place this is! I was in the mood for Tiki / Islandy something and found this restaurant on Yelp. OMG go figure. What a delightful little find. We started with 2 Lilikoi margaritas which have passion fruit in them. This margarita is in my top 3 ever favorite margaritas. I give that margarita 10 limes for its balanced yumminess. My mouth waters now  just typing this. Moving on-we went for lunch, and while we didn't wait long for a table, once we were at the table, it took quite awhile to get our drinks ordered, and place our food order. That said, after that initial snafu all went well.
    We started with some Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls-they were gone about as fast as they were delivered. They were so tasty with a delightful pineapple-horseradish dipping sauce. The two orders from there were The Modern Tiki Fish sandwich, and The Cajun burger. Both were so good. Both orders were so tasty and good!!!
Yay for happy hour deals! After several visits to this hip little rum bar on the light rail line, I've got to say I will keep coming back for the casual and welcoming patio. The food isn't exceptional, but it is good; beer selection could be better; and there are some great rum drinks. I thought the concept was well executed overall. We could use more places like this in the area.
Always a great place to stop in with a really cool ambiance. Hula's made room for our larger party outside on the patio, and they weren't kidding when they said the heaters would warm us up. Thanks! The drinks are really nice here and the food is good. Not my very favorite food, mind you, but good. Everybody loves the spiciness of their dishes. We'll be back for sure.
I can't even begin to put into words how much I LOVE Hula's! I've even told my other half that if Hulas were a man, I'd marry him in a heartbeat! Everything I've eaten here has been the most delicious thing I've stuffed into my grubby little face. And don't even get me started on the cocktails. Seriously...I have nothing more to say than, go! Just go and experience the wonderful things that Hula's has to offer.
Found ourselves driving aimlessly around Phoenix on Christmas Eve (seriously, nothing was open and no one was around) and just before we were about to throw in the towel (it was 4pm!) we found this place. 

Happy Hour is only a rumor in Chicago so we were excited to happen upon Hula's HH during this time. Some apps and specialty drinks are priced at $5 and they both get the job done.  Not mind-blowing awesome, but pretty good.  With the $5 off when you check-in on yelp, we ended up with a bill of $10.  Nice and easy.

It's unusual for us midwesterners to dine outside on Christmas Eve, but the welcoming outdoor patio with a huge firepit in the middle helped me forget about a White Christmas. I'll take al fresco dining, please.  Service was attentive and friendly to us out-of-towners.

Whenever I'm in town, which will be more often now as my family has moved here, I'll make sure to try to include a visit here to my itinerary.
Saturday or Sunday it does not matter. Either is a great day for brunch here. Good options and the mimosas keep on coming.
Ok, third time here, l love it, food is great, prices are good. They even allow dogs on the patio. Only negative is that if you dine alone they treat you as if you weren't, meaning they leave you waiting as if you had someone to talk to.
I must say first the service was excellent Tia our server was great she made the experience incredible. The food was good I like the creativity with some of the dishes that were prepared.
Pretty decent place. Good crowd- big portions on appetizers!
This cool restaurant was great!!! Kind of had a 70s Hawaiian vibe.  The ribs and the Mai Tais were to die for.  I highly recommend and can't wait to go back again!!!
Thanks Kate for being a fabulous waitress.  This was the perfect end to our day.  Our group had one diner that has very special food needs and she was perfect in suggestions, moderations, guiding him along.  And this time, I wasn't the DD (I asked for you Dana) so the lucious passion fruit margs flowed.  And my dinner was the best!  Lemongrass encrusted Hapu (Hawaiian sea bass) was done to perfection.  Only bummer...it was raining and we couldn't sit outside.  Next time!
Hula's is awesome.  Here's why:

1. Great name
2. Strong drinks during happy hour (actually all times but this place doesn't water them down during happy hour)
3. Yummy appetizers
4. Tofu tacos (vegetarians rejoice!)
5. Outdoor seating
6. Strong drinks for $5 - yeah I know I said that twice

My favorites are the Pain Killer and the Blood Orange martini.  I'm a light weight so one drink is plenty for me.  Also the Scorpion Bowl is fun to share - emphasis on sharing!  (Please don't try one by yourself.)
Ehhh.

I wanted to love it.  I really did.

And then we were there.  Most of my unlove for Hula's lies in the fact that we did not feel well after consuming the food.  We gave it a great try, but it just failed to miss the mark.

Apps: coconut shrimp rolls, sweet potato fries, ceviche
Mains: pulled pork sandwich, pulled pork platter, hula's burger
Desserts: key lime pie, banana cream pie
Drinks: mai tai, hurricane, dr funk

Drinks were all awesome.  So if anything, go for the drinks.

Apps were good, nothing to write home about.  The actual meal is what i have the most issues with because I felt ill after eating it, and while the first time I though it was over indulging, my take home box of pulled pork informed me otherwise.  My body is not a fan, no matter how tasty that was.  The cole slaw they serve is quite good with the pork though; I would opt for that instead of the rice on the platter.  The banana cream pie was rich, but good.  The key lime pie was pretty bland and disappointing.

It's a small place so unless you plan on sitting outside, the wait can be a bit when they're busy.
Every spring I travel with friends and family to Phoenix for 2 weeks of Spring Training.  Every year we go to Hula's two or more times.  Even though we all seemingly have variant tastes in food, we all love coming here.  First, the atmosphere is... (pardon me while a search for the right word).. comfortable!  We always come after dark and sit outside by the fire pit.  Fresh air, dark skies, warm fire all add up to a relaxing cozy home like feel that is just right.  The food is always excellent. It is different.  I would describe it as Southwestern inspired island food.  The service is hit or miss.  We have had some exceptional waitresses and others that have been adequate (fortunately no bad ones yet).  The crowds are a mix including twenty somethings, professionals, tourists and others.  The only true complaint I ever have with Hula's is that the staff is a LOT more attentive towards the twenty somethings than the other customers.  Since I have children in their twenties and am not twenty this can be a problem.  It does get bothersome to be by past by the waitress as she caters/dotes on the table of young people right next to us.
Even with this age discrimination, I would (and often do) recommend Hula's for its exceptional ambiance and excellent food.  (the ambiance is better than the food)
Attended a Local First Arizona Mixer here yesterday for Lunch, The service was fantastic, the food was so fresh and tasty and the salad was crisp and cut to just the right size leaves.  I hat stuffing my mouth with a half head of lettuce leaf.  We sat in the bar patio area which was very likable, had no problem with Parking either.
I give this place Five Stars especially for the food, thanks Hula's I'll be back real soon...
Loved the crispy coconut shrimp rolls! Got here late so we didn't get a chance to try much but it was a cool place and what we did get to try was delicious!
I love this place! Vintage meets modern-ish and has a baby and it's this place.

The service is always good. Ronnie was my server tonight and he was attentive and cute without being overbearing while Juan Carlos was our server a week ago and he was very attentive and conversational.

The drinks are fabulous. They do not skimp on the booze and are reasonably priced while being tasty. 

Love the decor...very Tiki and open concept with the patio being the best with the numerous tables and fire-pit.

I'm cheating in that I've only tried a few things and am still giving this place 5 stars! The sweet potato fries are amazing...probably the best I've had. You can't really screw up bacon and an English muffin and hash browns can you?? 

I'll be back but I'm sure my review won't change.
great drinks & environment.  the food is always full of flavor w/ a fun polynesian kick!

4 stars rather than 5 because, like a reviewer from a few weeks ago, my girlfriend and i both had upset stomaches after eating here. we've been here in the past & this was the first time that's happened, but since others have made the same comment, we're wondering if something has changed in the kitchen?
Nah so much Hulas. Nah so much. While I appreciate their bar, I don't appreciate the food. The entrees were not good. The only thing edible was the tuna poke. That's about it. Try aloha kitchen, it worth the drive.
Went here for Brunch this past Sunday and it was fantastic!  The restaurant is very open and airy and the food was great - We had the the Ahi Eggs Benedict and Habanero Lime Chicken Tacos and both were delicious.  $2 Mimosas were awesome and we also tried the Scorpion Bowl (which packs quite a punch).  Looking forward to dinner here soon!
We visited Hula's last night with our Dinner Club...and the 13 of us gave it an awesome review.  The service was excellent, the drinks were delicious (HH all day on Saturday until 7...drink specials only), and everyone was very happy with their food.  

From what I tasted my faves were the Blood Orange Martini, the coconut shrimp rolls, the poke, the wasabi fish, the korean beef short ribs, and mac 'n cheese.  I liked the vibe...casual & interesting...old school Hawaii Five-O on the wall, classic 80's music playing, garage doors open to the patio, and the huge hexagonal window.  Would love to come back and hang next to the fire pit when it's a little warmer out.

Totally recommended!!
My favorite dish at Hula's is the calamari sandwich with sweet potato fries. I frequent Hula's with coworkers for lunch. On my last visit, our service was beyond poor. We did not even tip the server. I think the server was also a bartender. However, after we got our food, we had to hunt him down twice to get stuff we needed. The food was still of great quality and taste though. I will definitely go back, but next time I will speak with the manager about the service before we leave.
So, my most recent visit to my newly favorite lunch place was da bomb. Instead of my usual calamari sandwich and sweet potato fries I got the Mongolian beef with lime curry sauce. Now, usually Jamaican's don't fancy lime in their curry. But I had my grandmother turning over in her grave on Thursday because I really enjoyed the taste of the lime curry sauce, beef, beans and rice. I especially liked that the dish had cilantro in it, but not too much. One thing I noticed about Hula's while I was there is the music. It was loud enough for me to hear it but not too loud to hold a conversation. Our server was great. She kept our glasses filled and checked on us regularly but was not a bug-a-boo. I ate inside this time instead of outside and it made me realize how much I prefer eating outside here. I got to meet the owner, Dana, who is a cool down to earth guy. Until next time!
At the end of a long day, this was the perfect resting spot!  We grabbed a table outside so we could watch the Central Ave hubbub while sipping our tasty happy hour drinks.  Our waitress, Tia, was THE BEST.  Being on a restricted diet, she was so helpful and the zesty edamames were finger-lickin' good and the black bean burger so yummy that I never missed the meat.  We lingered, relaxed, ate and drank, and everyone, including owner Dana, made us feel welcome & comfortable, making sure our plates were changed, drinks were full and checking in to see what was needed.  This is absolutely one of the best places in the area, its a total find, and hope it never goes away.  And Dana, thanks for the drink and toy surprise...you scratch my back and I"ll scratch yours.
Stopped in for drinks and chatting with a few of my best ladies.  The blood orange martini is fantastic!  I loved the patio, it was so nice to chat and enjoy the weather with some great drinks and wonderful service.

We also had the sweet potato fries and quickly realized why all of the tables around us also had them - they're awesome!

We'll definitely be back - I'm not sure I'd love it in the summer because that patio is amazing and I just wouldn't want to sit inside but I can see it easy to be a regular from September to May!
I was kind of annoyed while I was dining here... thank God for alcohol and fabulous eye candy to keep me in a bubbly, happy mood.

They have a selection of tacos. I like tacos. I don't, however, like corn tortillas. They don't serve flour tortillas... I didn't get to eat my tacos.

They also have a selection of margaritas. I LOVE margaritas. I don't like it on the rocks, though. They don't serve frozen margaritas (really?) and I didn't get my margarita.

So I settled with something of a steak bowl (decent, Chipotle-like) and a sour amaretto (fabulous) and took my eye candy out of there as soon as I was done.
We hit Hula's on a Friday evening to grab dinner and a drink. The restaurant is just a ways from the light rail so, from a convenience standpoint, this is a plus. We had a couple themed mixed drinks and, like others have said, they don't skimp on the booze. It was raining so the bar area was very crowded but props to the bartender for finding us and providing consistent service.

Not much to be said for the happy hour specials but Hula's isn't about $2 Coronas anyways so plan on having something mixed off the menu.
Once again Hulas is impressive our waiter our wise and bearded waiter Kyle (I think his name is Kyle) was great. Thank guys keep up the good work I would recommend this place.
A friend of mine suggested we meet at Hula's for drinks and dinner and from the description it sounded great, I had just hoped it would hold up to everything she said and it totally did! 

The atmosphere is great, staff is super friendly and made some great suggestions and the food was really good too. The banana coconut cream pie is freaking amazing! 

We will absolutely be back to this place and bring friends.
Update! I have been back to Hula's many times since the first time and it is still (fairly) consistently good. I love Hula's patio and fire pit...it is so nice on a cool day to sit by the fire while enjoying some beverages. Speaking of beverages, Hula's has a fantastic happy hour ('Tiki Time'). Drinks are about 5$ and it goes until 7 pm, even on Saturdays. This is craziness! The BF and I went there a few weeks ago and drank many many beverages (He likes the Dr. Funk and I am in love with the Lilikoi margarita (it is very tasty, trust me)) and the bill was still very reasonable. The food is somewhat hit and miss (hence the 4 star review), they have delicious jerk pulled pork that is always good, but other items were a miss such as the potstickers (tasted like Ling Ling's), the macadamia crusted fish (was pretty bland), and the chicken tacos (too big and not flavorful enough). I would probably stick to the pork. I STILL haven't had their coconut banana pie, but it always looks good....I might go there tonight and get it :-D.
I loved this place.  Great place to be. It just feels like living hanging here.  It's almost better than being in Hawaii.  Everyone was very nice. Not just the bartender who  gave us great service but also the host and who ever ran our food out while it was hot and fresh.
I'm a sucker for nostalgia so I really dig the tiki theme. I have been here several times and the food is consistently good. A place like this should have good Mai Tais...and they do! Parking is rough.
Fun vibe and cool patio. Go for drinks. It's really a bar that happens to serve ok food, rather than a restaurant.
Our waitress, Kate, outdid herself once again.  She was so attentive and took care of our out of town guests.  The place was hopping but she still made us feel like we were the only table she was attending.  Yummy food...but now I understand why they call them Spicy Edamames.  WOW!
We wanted so much for Hula's to be or favorite restaurant because to the atmosphere and the fact that we are from HI. It is disappointing to have bad meals there every time we try something else rather than fish tacos.
The fish tacos are always good and it's our favorite dish every time we are there.

We tried the spicy Thai which is awful, a bowl of rice mixed with peanut sauce, chicken and raw cabbage. We also ordered Jawaiian jerk chicken, this is really a bad dish, it's smashed/pulled chicken with rice. The texture of the chicken is like smashed baby food with the taste of bland and grossness. I couldn't eat it so we ordered blackened mahi mahi with wasabi sauce. The fish is dry and salty.

We left feeling in such disappointement!
Because I woke up this morning with a message from the owner of Hula apologizing and explaining the yelp check in offer ...I will up my star rating and say that even with the harshness of a curt waitress... All deserve second chances. I appreciate a heart felt explanation. I do not love or even LIKE negativity nor many negative reviews. This is a cool place in a up and coming area. SO I will Hula back in at a later time and see if the service is friendlier.. Maybe I will splurge and grab some of those sweet apps I saw passing my table.. Thanks Dana for your comment and message. :-) 


LOVE the location and I have had brunch here with my friends who fav this place several times. Tonight before heading down to Bliss to our Dinner Club we stopped off for some pre-dinner-club happy hour. He had a martini and I had a red wine. No apps. He ordered another drink of some concoction and inquired about the app menu then opted not. We sat out on the patio. Staff was nice and Hulas was hopping. I had a yelp check in offer and the waitress refused to honor it and stated I could get Hula Bucks for next time since it was happy hour. I did point out that at no place on the yelp offer did it say that. Her attitude changed and our bill came. None of these 'Hula Bucks' were in our bill, so I asked her for them. She said at that point, "Well can you not just use the yelp offer next time?" Ummmmm.... ???? " That isn't what you offered before.." I said. She huffily gave the bucks she offered. We were on our way. Dang girl.. its a mere 10% off...Maybe it comes off her salary? Def changed my opinion. I don't want her bucks because with that... I doubt I would go back unless my friends insisted.... Hula that.
This place is just really adorable.  It has a tiki-theme and they have indoor and outdoor seating just about year round.  When it is a bit chilly there are heaters on the patio and an open firepit.  It's kind of a trendy little spot, and very popular.  I have had really great service all but one time I was there (everyone has an off night).  I love spicy food and the edamame is something I always get here, but they are not for everyone - apparently non-New Mexico natives find it too hot.  Whatever, wimps.  I am addicted to the fish tacos, and a friend of mind swears by the pork tacos.  You can get a couple of good drinks and a decent dinner here for $25 bucks easily, especially if you get there during happy hour.  There are even some semi-healthy options, although that is not their strong suit - with jerk pork you have to pay in calories for what you get in yumminess.  They have another location in Monterey and it is divier and beachier, but the same great food.  Go!  Eat!
Ahi tuna sandwich and fish tacos were bomb!!! Recommend!!
I really didn't want to like this place because with it walking distance from my apartment I was worried I would spend my whole paycheck there each week. driving by the HUGE window, and great lighting caught my attention right away. Living in Arizona I am always looking for a great new patio spot. Hulas is one of my favorite on Central, the noise of the train and the light foot traffic makes for fun people watching and the gas fire pit in the middle gives it a great feel.
Being a big fan of Sweet Potato fries I naturally ordered a basket while waiting for my burger, which comes without a side. which was OK because my friend and I just split the fries anyway. they are great, he is not a big fan of aoili, me on the other hand loved the ginger aoili dipping sauce it came with. 

I have been back to Hulas a few times and have found that ALL the appetizers are enjoyable and when purchased in a group of 4 it makes for a great place to get your night started. A scorpion or Volcano Bowl never hurts either for that "pregame" buzzzzz. the appetizers seem to all compliment each other perfectly.

my favorite thing to get here is the Pork sandwich....  it is a great blend of sweet and savory and the slaw adds the perfect cruch to it.
I will for sure be back, not just because it is so close, but the patio.... I cant get over this patio!!!
Really cool spot. Food was fantastic. I had the Macadamia Nut crusted Hapu. Get the fried plantains. Made perfectly. Sweet and savory. There are many gluten free and vegetarian options as well. Fun drinks too. We opted for a fun drink too. A little crowded at times but worth it for the delicious food.
I had dinner here with the husband a couple of weeks ago before we went to a Suns game.  We sat on the patio because the weather was brilliant.  The place is cute and the patio is really very pleasant.  

I ordered a Zombie and a Painkiller cocktail (don't judge, I was rocking a migraine and desperately needed relief), and each one was nice and potent.  My husband just had iced tea.  

I searched the menu for something with shrimp in it, but I was seriously left wanting in that department.  Instead I ordered a starter of lobster bisque and another starter of tuna ceviche.  The soup was hot and quite flavorful, but I would have liked a few more pieces of lobster meat.  The ceviche was extremely good and was served with flash fried wonton 'chips'.  I really liked it and my only criticism was that it was the lime juice was overpoweringly tangy and it could have benefitted from some avocado chunks to help cut down the tang a little bit.

My husband had the black bean burger which he said was really, really delicious.

All in all it was a good visit, and aside from our server not refilling our drinks in a very timely manner it was a good dinner out and I expect we'll be back.
Went to Hula's with some friends recently. Lived in the area for years so we decided to hit this place up. The drinks were pretty good. Even if you dont like a lot of fruity drinks they have a full bar. Appetizers were okay but not particularly noteworthy. But the main dish of Jerk pork tasted great but made me sick later on that night. Almost as bad was the waiter who was polite but aloof which kind of Debbie Downer'd the experience. First and probably last visit. Too bad.  Anyone want my 5$ coupon for free food?
Great beer, excellent food, nice wait staff.  Had the shrimp tacos and they were amazing.  Unique place...I was a fan!
Amazing food every time.  I can't get enough of this place!
I just can't way enough about the service, food, and general ambience.  Besides being warmly greeted by the owner, we had a perfecf table to show our guests (who used to own their own restaurant) what we've been raving about.  And they are raving as well.  Today we had Rusty, the laid back waiter, who was WONDERFUL!  And the food...all is know is, you have to try the hapu (hawaiian fish) lemongrass encrusted with slaw and rice.  I practically licked the plate.  And guess what I found out...the ice cream shop next door, Twirl, is co-owned by Dana so you can walk over and bring it back to your table.  Thanks again for making this a GREAT evening.
Mai Tai !!!!  Excellent !!!  This is a "must go to" every time I am in Phoenix, always great food experience,  Great fish taco's but everything I have tried there is great!
Nice bar, well run, comfortable, happy crowd of customers... says it all!
Wow, what a neat place.  I was taken here for lunch for Admin Professionals Day (a day early) and it was so nice.  I love the indoor/outdoor seating (big garage doors open up to create this open and airy walk thru space).

I had the Modern Tiki Fish Sandwich.  Everything was excellent.  The cole slaw, which I am not normally a fan of, added a wonderful tangy crunch to the sandwich.

The ice tea was always being refilled, the staff was very friendly and quick to offer suggestions when those in our party were stuck deciding on 2 different items.  

A real winner.  I will be back.
As it says right in the name, this is a MODERN spin on tiki. So don't expect palm fronds on the walls and Hawaiian shirts on the staff. Instead, you have what looks to be a converted service station with lots of concrete and clean lines, and a staff that's all tatted up and vaguely punk.

I like this place. The patio is very nice on a hot day, with misters and a cold air blowing. The interior space is nice and open, with big tables and a clean, simple decor. Again, MODERN.

The food and drink menu was great. They are all about Happy Hour here, on Sunday it runs for something like 9 hours. Do yourself a favor, and stop in here for drinks: they have all your tiki staples (Scorpion Bowl, Mai Tai, etc.). The food is good, too. I like the tacos, and their salads are huge. Also, great prices on everything.

My one issue was that service was a little "meh". Our hostess didn't really seem to care when we arrived, and the waiter was a little spotty on getting us our drinks. It wasn't that busy, so I don't know how they dropped that ball.

Overall, as a connoisseur of all things tiki, I thought this place was a fun twist on the theme. It does not scream "tropical" or "exotic" but they're taking the idea and giving it a new look. I think that a lot of people will appreciate the blending of island themes with the more clean modern aesthetic. Well done.
We were fortunate enough to have a great friend who knows her stuff. We met Maureen at the Hula Tiki Grill for a fun lunch.

The weather was perfect outside, so we sat underneath a half shade, half pre-summer bliss. We all ordered Mai Tais and they were amazing. 

We ordered taco plates, my guy got the chile chicken and I got the spicy shrimp and we shared one each. We are fans of trying errythang. Mo also ordered the chile chicken which was made with a fresh green chile salsa, mild yet flavorful. 

We stayed there for hours, drinking Mai Tai's and Kona beers like we were on a beach somewhere yet out in the heat. We had an amazing time with great service that I won't forget. Thank you Hula's.
Heard about this restaurant from a friend and decided to take a co-worker who is relocating to another office out of town.  And I am glad I chose this place.

The service was a little slow out of the gate, hence the 4 star rating, but got better as the meal progressed.  I order a fresh brewed Iced Tea . . . it was fresh, clear, with a hint of island fruits.  For my lunch I ordered the Calamari Sandwich with the Hawaiian Mac and Cheese for my side.  The sandwich was perfect . . . the calamari was grilled perfectly and the sauce and greens were just right . . . while the Hawaiian Mac and Cheese was good . . . I would have loved to see a little more pineapple to give a litter sweeter taste.

Overall a very enjoyable lunch . . . the only bad part was that I will now only be communicating with my co-worker over the internet . . . but because of this . . . I found another nice restaurant.
I went with the Calamari Salad in which the calamari was just okay but the slaw was awesome but I had a friend go with just the Calamari App and it was barely edible in this sweet sauce that they poor all over it. I didn't have one of there cocktails though which my friends were raving about. I would give it another shot though.
I don't give 5 stars lightly but this restaurant deserves it. Not only was the food fabulous but the waitress was Wonderful. The restaurant was busy and we had a large group but you would never have known that from our waitress. We were contemplating a seaweed salad and with out being asked she brought over a sample (It was amazing by the way) Our glasses were never empty everyone's food was great tasting and great quality. 

What a fun place! The decor was funky and fun the wait staff was professional  and efficient and very casual and it was Clean. Loved it and will be going back next time I am in town and telling everyone about it.  

Great Job Hula's!!!
Love Hula's!  Best Mai Tai in town.  Staff is always nice and great atmosphere.  Check in on Yelp for specials.
We came here for an early Mothers Day lunch. For my girlfriend and her daughter.
Nice place and parking is tight, but since it was Saturday afternoon,we found a spot.
It is located right across the street from St. Francis Chruch so it is easy to find.

Good Ice Tea & lots of lemon for starters. Drinks are pretty reasonable for sure.
I ordered a Burger. It was OK ,good but the bun was just so so.
Lighty toasted, nice cheese,3 choices on the cheese.
It came with regular fries. WHen they came out they were all over cooked and had no flavor at all. I think the Oil was old.
However, our server was nice enough to switch them out and give me Sweet potato fries instead. Which were entirerly different and so much better.

The girls each got Ahi Eggs Bennie.
Of course I had a taste or 2 and they were really good.
Love the way it is decorated in here. Very Mad Man,50's 60's.
A very clean place and the Rest Rooms are as well.
Cannot believe this is my first time here. I liked it and will be back.
I have been to this place several times this past year and am never disappointed when I go.  Be it for lunch, happy hour, dinner or take out.  I always find something delicious to try on the menu.  This little gem offers a unique twist blending island style foods with traditional American cuisine.  This is an awesome place to hang out with friends. 
The atmosphere is fun and inviting from the moment you walk in. The patio seating is great for larger groups or intimate encounters. The service is always friendly and fun. The servers are always knowledgable and offer great recommendations. They offer interesting specialty cocktails and some come in unique tiki style glasses like the zombie.
Terrible, terrible customer service. We wont be back.
First time there, the food was delicious, black bean burger, yum. Waited and waited to be greeted. Our waitress was very nice, but the place is understaffed. Wanted to order dessert after dinner but after sitting there for so long we were ready to go. So we asked for the bill, needed change to leave a decent tip ( I always leave at least 20% even if the service wasn't all that) but we gave up waiting for her to come back (after 10 min). Probably won't be back.
It was a toss up 3 or 4 stars, so this is on the 3.5 side of 3 EDIT:see note below. There are so many cool places to try in Central Phoenix it is almost hard to get to them all. This would be an easy 4 star review if my server had been a little more attentive/friendly and my wine had not been hot (not room temperature, not slightly warm) we are talking about 20 minute old coffee hot. The ambiance is great we sat on the patio right off Central Ave, so their was plenty of cool scenery, and the weather was perfect. Started off with the spicy edamame and it was very tasty. Then followed up with a little chicken curry dish that was probably the best mix of curry flavor that I have ever had and the rice was perfectly done. (that being said I am a super light weight when it comes to spicy food, so this was right in my wheel house) Definitely worth a visit if you are roaming for a good place to grab a unique bite to eat. I will be back

EDIT: Based on how fast and friendly the owner was in his response to my review I bumped them to 4 stars. Thanks Dana
Love Hula's! I have been going there for just over a year now, and take people there every chance I get. Everyone who goes enjoys the food, the atmosphere, and the service. It is certainly a unique place with a laid back attitude and funky decor, but it appeals to many people.
One of my favorites is to get the potstickers as an appetizer, followed by the luau pork sandwich- as the menu reads, it is "heaven on a bun". And that is an accurate description! The mixed drinks are great, as is the iced tea. If you have not tried the banana cream pie, get to Hula's NOW for this amazingly decadent yet remarkably light and delicious dessert.
The service is great, and the staff knows the menu and is happy to help you- there does not seem to be "not my table" attitude there- they want to make you happy.
I have had two birthdays there, as well as other celebrations. I am sad it took me so long to find this great place, but I look forward to many more meals there.
Note to fellow dog owners- Hula's is VERY dog friendly with seating on the patio with heating or misters depending on the season and water bowls for the pooches. Expect lots of visits from the crew of Hula's so they can say hi!
Went for a lunch meeting this past week.  The burger was cooked perfectly and was quite moist.  The salad on the side was presented very nicely.  Our server was attentive without being pushy.  We took a bit before we actually ordered and he was very patient.
Sweet potato fries is amazing, crispy on the outside(which most places can do) but super tender in the middle(which most fail).  Pulled pork is very dry...Mimosa was soso...Cole slaw (oddly enough) was my favorite as it is very unique and unlike what other places make it (def not KFC style) and not too sweet or heavy.  Taco was soso as well.  If you text them, they are suppose to give you $5 gift card, but even asking two servers, they still failed to give my a gift card, luckily I am not from this area so i don't think I will go back again...
I incentivize my co-workers with food and drinks. If we get through this training ahead of schedule drinks are on me or at least the first few rounds. I purposely looked up Hula's knowing they have a good HH and good food. It happens most of my Phoenix office co-workers are foodies and were stoked to hear my plan. Well under time allowed me to get kidnapped to the range, grab drinks and apps, before my flight home. Hell yeah. Enough about the reason and more about the business.

The weather was hot, but the outdoor seating still looked promising and inviting, but I was in business attire so we sat inside. It feels like a retro modern Tropical, not so much Hawaiian to me. Lunch is the happs, apparently still packed until the later afternoon, early evening. 

Prices were excellent considering I bought a few rounds and the food was inexpensive, high quality. Poke was a little pricey, but it was MP. Good, but could do without the macadamia nuts.. Coconut shrimp rolls had a great pineapple horseradish sauce. Calamari had a lime ginger cream sauce which I will be emulating at home soon. Spicy seaweed salar was a pleasant offering. Perfect balance and something I think is an ingenious upgrade to the standard wakame that most places don't offer. Nice.

I wasn't a fan of the pork, but loved the sundried pesto aioli used, fresh black beans and corn tortillas. Habanero lime chicken use a taco slaw which I could have used less of. Really liked the south seas grilled hapu, and spicy tofu. Clean classic flavors most modern taco trucks don't' think is adventurous enough. 

I split the Jawaiian jerk Pork plate. Yes that's pork they also offer. Also split the calamari sandwich. Yup I brought my appetite. Loved the plantains which were bright and not overfried. I'm not a fan of most amngo salsa's, but the johnny cakes were excellent, more to my liking than overly authentic kinds. I wasn't a fan of the calamari and preferred the style and sauce of the app.

Key Lime pie to round out the meal. I thought it was bland. Couldn't quite tell if they use kahfir limes, but after about a half dozen D.r. Funk's I was ready to get my funk on. 

In an area most known for their Pizza, Italian this places stands out like nothing else and Arizona seems to be the new breeding ground for upstarts. Many of San Diego's chef's have opened up shop in AZ because they are ready for this sort of ingenuity. Glad I came. A few mediocre things don't take away from an overall good experience. Really the 1 star deduction was the service. It was slow, unattentive and just understaffed. Sure my drinks came like clockwork, but that's more the drunk vibe I give off.
My wife and I recently visited since we live in the neighborhood. Both of us had visited before separately but it had been some time. 

My main complaint boils down to lackluster service. We were looking for a semi-quick bite and to get on with our Sunday. We noticed the menu said that they had happy hour on Sunday so we ordered some adult beverages and appetizers. I then ordered a their Luau Pork Sandwich and my wife ordered the Pork Tacos from the happy hour menu (so we thought). 

When the bill came it was quite large. Turns out only drinks were on happy hour. I am sure there was something that noted that fact but it obviously was not obvious since we both did not know this. In my opinion the server should have done a better job explaining the menu and happy hour deals instead of walking up and saying, "Can I get you something to drink?" I'm not looking for a line-by-line explanation of the menu but perhaps a quick overview of what is going on inside the 4-walls; especially when we order some things that any other day would be on happy hour. The server really just didn't seem to want to be there.

Nothing was horrendous about Hula's I just left feeling a bit bamboozled. Probably won't be back.
Enjoyed a fabulous brunch today with my husband. We come here often but, have never been for brunch . The food was great! My husband had the omelet and I had the  Hangover Hash...the portions were generous and the $2 mimosas were awesome. Our server was a young man who was attentive, personable, and charming. 

We later moved to the bar for another cocktail...great bartender!  We have never been disappointed in the food or service. The staff at Hula's is the best...we will be back later this week for adult beverages and appetizers!
I went here with my foodie friends and we universally agreed the appetizers were spectacular but the entrees were just ok.
I've been in Phoenix for 5 nights and have had dinner here every night so far. The atmosphere is so perfect and the people both employees and patrons are always so friendly. I can't even begin to explain how good the food is. Everything is spiced so well and so different. Even something as plain as coleslaw is made awesome here. 

I've always been seated fast and had my order quick, even when it's busy. 

I would recommend this to anyone and will be back again!
Solid cocktails here and happy hour eats are quite tasty. I had the Mai Tai and the Orange Martini which were both fantastic. We had the shrimp rolls, pork tacos, and fries. The shrimps rolls were a "stop what you are doing and get you some" kind of dish... complete with air quotes if I saw you in person. They were phenomenal. I will be back... soon. Hold on to your butts.
My friend has been here before and recommend we go for drinks & apps. We went on a Wednesday so happy hour prices are all day which is awesome! The drink & food menu offer many choices and variety, which I really liked! I ordered a Mai   Tai which was really good! Not too sweet and you could taste the liquor for only $5 The sweet potato fries with secret sauce were excellent and shrimp rolls were pretty yummy too. We just had apps but I will def be back for lunch or dinner :) :)
More like 3.5 stars.  The atmosphere is really nice & the food is pretty good. I wasn't crazy about what I got but I did like it & the portions were good. My husband really liked his dish. We will be going back for sure to check it out again!
Went there for the first time last night as I was visiting my sister in Phoenix and I had read about it on here and was intrigued. Needless to say it was disappointing. 
The pulled pork was greasy and inedible. The coleslaw tasted like mayo and was warm. This was the first time I've ever sent a meal back. It was that gross. The server wasn't in the least apologetic or surprised the pork was sent back. 
At the servers suggestion we ordered Mai Tais and were unimpressed. We also ordered ahi tacos, the ahi bowl and the spicy chicken bowl which were all just ok.  There were flies landing on our food throughout the meal. 
There was a table with 6 tipsy ladies that were so loud we could barely carry on a conversation at our table. 
With all these issues, I won't be returning.
Modern tiki restaurant with great outdoor space. Drinks all include rum so prepare yourself for a carribean-like evening. They have a full bar so dont worry if you dont like rum. Just had drinks here but heard the food is fab. Check in with the hostess before you sit or you'll be asked to get up. Overall a great place to meet for a date or large groups. You can sit inside or out, which is great for summer evenings.
I have to tell you a story before I write this review... Initially I had nothing but bad things to about Hula's. Hula's is the ONLY reason I ever Yelped in the first place. I went there and was not impressed in the slightest on my first visit over two years ago now. The service was not the business and the food was not what I expected at all. 

Today I am most definitely humming a different tune...

Now that I know what the menus has to offer and I have a better feel for the happy hours and specials and have been here about a dozen times... I am a fan! I have had breakfast and dinner enough times to try several things on the menu and have had most of the cocktails. I love the Kona beers they keep on draft and the atmosphere is shakin! The staff is fun and friendly and always accommodating. 

Hula's you have a patron from here on out!
SOOOO Happy we stopped in!!!

My family and I were driving around this Saturday looking for a nice place to eat lunch. We happen do drive by Hula's and thought it looked like a fun place. We were so glad we stopped. 

First off, the design and decor of the space is amazing.  Very welcoming, modern and an overall cool vibe. My husband and I both noted we would love to come back again when the weather has cooled off and sit on the patio. 

For lunch I had the Fish Taco, my husband had the Pulled Pork Sandwich and my three-year-old had the Macaroni-and-Cheese.  Everything was delicious! The fish was well seasoned. I only wished I had ordered two instead of one!  The pulled pork was sweet and juicy. We will be back!!
I love Hula's!  

The first time I went I was looking for something mid-townish to meet family coming from the other direction to celebrate my dad's birthday.  I really knew nothing about it, but it sounded kind of fun and quirky - which is exactly what one wants for a memorable time.  Not at all disappointed.  Everyone loved their meal.  The atmosphere was great, the patio was amazing (we didn't get to sit there, but the "walls" were open so it was pretty nice!).  Overall, we had a great time.

I have been back probably about 5-6 times in the past year.  I would go more often if it were a little closer to home (not their fault).  Each time I have been satisfied with my meal, drink, and service.

I also love the "neighborhood" feel of this place.  I have always had very friendly servers and have had conversation several times with tables near me.  It's just a good vibe.

Favorite dishes:
Ahi Poke
Habanero Tacos
Pulled Pork anything

I also love their fish menu.  You can pick from 4-5 different types of fish, then pick the style of cooking/flavor and it comes with side dishes that compliment your choice nicely.  Have never been disappointed ordering a fish dish.

Anyway - try it!  It's fun!  And it's locally owned - not some big impersonal chain.
The place itself is nicely laid out and open and airy and there was a large TV at the bar where we watched the hockey game. My issue is that this is another place that does not know what happy hour means. Either have a damn good happy Hour or just don't have one at all. They have like 20 appetizers you can order, but only five of them are "On special" during Happy hour and each one is 5 bucks, which is about a $2 discount from the regular menu. It is the same story on the drink specials, mostly $2 off, but at least those can be had on almost every drink. The standard for my happy hour is 1/2 half all drinks and appetizers - don't pick and choose what you want us to eat. Beyond that, the food is overpriced for this part of town as well, averaging $15 bucks for bowls and some sandwiches. The Mai tai I ordered was not Tikki style at all, in fact there was no freakin pineapple either and it was served in a cocktail glass. I guess it is their twist, but that is just twisted. The Hurricane was much better and that had some rum floating and the missing pineapple was located in this drink. If they could do better on the HH food, then its worth a return.

UPDATE:
was contacted by Dana the owner, who says "Some items I simply can't afford to run at 1/2 price (or even a big discount) due to the ever rising rent and cost of commodities"

Well, the recession runs both ways. You have to give a little to get a little these days. Further examining the menu, this gentleman is very tricky as lunch and dinner prices are exactly the same. At lunch, if you want fries or a side it's $2 extra for your $10 burger, but at dinner it's $12 and the side is included. Very tricky.
The decor is awesome, I remember when it was just an ugly abandon building on central, now it is an ugly with great personality building with food. 
The civiche is TO DIE FOR. Almost for that reason alone I would give 5 stars. The pulled pork is another of my favorites. I had the basic burger once, and it was not so good.
The staff have always been helpful and friendly. With its easy access off of the light rail, and great service and food, I definitely recommend this place.
I went to Hula's Modern Tiki about a year ago and I've been feigning to return.  I got that chance again today when a friend and I stopped by for lunch.  I like the laid back atmosphere and the always-friendly staff.  Makes the food taste even better.  We had the coconut shrimp, sweet fried plaintains with salad.  Um, um, good! We both ordered the same thing.  Even the same drink, Painkiller! Awesome.  Try it.
I was here with a group of about 10 for happy hour on a Saturday.  We sat on the patio, which was nice with misters for the whole area.  Our waiter was attentive and didn't balk at seperate checks (which I've had happen many times).  We all got a variety of rum based drinks, which were all very good.  The food was also very good, I got the chicken skewers and the pulled pork, and both very well cooked and flavorful.  I would have liked more chicken, or some veggies, for the price.  The staff was very good, refilling waters and handled the larger group very well.  I enjoyed the enviornment.  I would go back.
Sometimes you sacrifice sub-par customer service for great food, and other times you'll settle for sub-par food/drinks for the great customer service and ambience; amazingly you'll get the best of both worlds here. I have had nothing but great experiences every time I have been here and even told myself after my second to last visit that I would leave a positive review, but after tonight's service I made it a priority to leave my input. The service is always very attentive and kind, and the food and drinks selection is to die for. Me and my boyfriend swear by the cajun burger and mac and cheese both, paired with sweet potato fries and regular fries (they'll allow you to split both)--it's the stuff dreams are made of. The cocktails are fantastic in that they have a myriad of fun and exotic options for a reasonable price, yet they make sure not to skimp on the potency; notable selections would the blood orange martini (on the rocks) for a sweet and tart option, or a Scorpion Bowl (large tropical cocktail served in a bowl suitable for 2-4 people with a flaming shot of 151 in the middle) if you're sharing a good time with some friends. Our servers there have always been great, but a special thanks to both Kate and Kyle for consistently exceptional service. Both have truly gone above and beyond to accommodate our needs without batting an eyelash. 

I work in reputation management so I understand the importance of great establishments getting the public praise they deserve. Every restaurant should strive to be like this one--Hula's employees and management, keep doing what you're doing, don't change a thing.
Great food, nice decor! Great place to go with good company! Efficient and friendly staff!
Trader Vic's closed down so you would hope that Hula's would pick up the slack and make a proper tiki drink, however just like with The Breadfruit, highly disappointing rum drinks

If you cannot make a proper Mai Tai, you should not call yourself a tiki bar.  Beachbum Berry has laid out the proper way to recreate a Mai Tai, and there is not much room for variation other than amount of lime or orgeat

Having tried 3-4 drinks here you can rest assured the place gives rum drinks a bad name, however most do - just disappointing to see another, and it is the only "tiki" bar around

Did not try any food, so no comment there
I'm not sure I would have given this place a chance if it wasn't for the gift certificate I won earlier this year, but it was time and I was hungry. 

First out was drinks, and yes they all are fruity. I am sure you can order a standard non-fruity drink, but their signature drinks follows the theme and are blended in exotic juices. Fruity but good. 

The menu is comprehensive and has something for everyone, thats a huge plus for me.. but since I was here to try it out I went with a signature dish called something like Jawaiian Pork Jerk Plate, or something to that effect and it was in-wait for it-credible. Incredible!!

Way more food than I expected, and the meal included a generous serving of pulled pork in a jerky sauce with some kind of chutney on a bed of rice with fried plantains. And if this wasn't enough, they have their own version of some kind of freakishly delicious plantain bread that also accompanies the meal. And it all was amazing. I kid you not. 

So good meal and fruity drinks, what else? The service was great. From everyone, not only our gem of a waitress (that was super nice and professional). The whole staff is friendly. Something I don't see all too often. 

So what's the negative? Well, since I have to be harsh.. the interior isn't very cozy. It's clean and good enough, but it just doesn't have a date-feel to it. Nor do they make their dessert pies on site (I'm guessing here, but it is hard to find a negative for this place. Seriously. Have I mentioned the stellar service? Yeah, I think I did.)

When food, drinks and service converge in this way - it warms my heart and I support this local establishment to my fullest. Considering eating here - do it. I know that I will be a repeat offender, and by offender I mean customer.
I always enjoy going to have some good food and lovely drinks.  Service is great and you can't beat the all day happy hour on Wednesday.
Shrimp rolls were our fave...crispy and flavorful with a pineapple dipping sauce.  Painkillers were great, as was the Dr. Funk and the Dark and Stormy.  We will be back soon!
Nice modern place. Has a good urban vibe. Good drinks & great food.
Best mac and cheese around, interesting and delicious drinks, and awesome wait staff. This is another dog-friendly gem. They have water bowls for your dogs and a huge patio that's beautiful in AZ's nicer months. The building is really architecturally interesting - it has a huge window that makes you feel like you're in the bio-dome. If you come here enough, you can definitely feel at home in this place and the wait staff will quickly become your friends.
The check-in offer I received a while back is apparently invalid....aside from that this place is pretty cool.  The cocktails are fairly good especially if you are into rum, the atmosphere is vibrant, and the service is generally spot-on.  This is one of those places where the first thing I had off the menu rocked and that is all I ever order....so, I highly recommend the ceviche-yummy marinated white fish on crispy wanton chips!  When ever I am out-and-about in central Phoenix, this is always a spot I consider hitting up along the route.
It's kinda hit and miss here.  First time, got great service at the bar and the apps were good.  Second time, called in to see if they had food late, they said yes, I double checked the kitchen times, and headed down.  Took forever to get a menu.  When I did, it was a tiny (all-fried) late night menu--closing in 5 minutes (not 1hr 5min, like I was told).  The bartender seemed irked with the hostess for telling me wrong...whatever.  Then he chatted with a friend until we decided to go elsewhere. Not impressed. 
I'll give it a third go probably.
Cool bar atmosphere.
great food great service the staff is very welcoming
I am not sure why I have not reviewed Hula's before but I guess I wanted to think it was my secret place that everyone already knows about.  

Hula's have always been consistant with both food and Staff.  In the two years that I have been a regular, I see the same friendly staff each time.  John, one of the bartenders, is a big reason why we visit Hula's so often as he is friendly and makes us feel like we are his most important customers.  

The food is always fresh and for me, addictive.  My favorite is the Tuna Poke that consists of raw ahi, soy sauce, sesame oil, avocado, onions, macadamia nuts.  

Hula's has a great TIKI TIME happy hour will save you some money on food and drinks but beware, they do get crowded.  TIKI TIME Happy Hour 3:30p-6p, Mon-Fri & All night on Wednesdays!
Fun place for lunch, happy hour, or dinner. On Wednesday's they have all night happy hour. The signature cocktails are fun & come in cool tiki glasses. Great location off the light rail, but still plenty of parking in the lot. It's fun to get the Volcano bowl when you have a group. I've only ever had the chicken sandwich as I am not much of a seafood fan, but it's good chicken. Someone else in my group ordered the butter fish and said it was the best fish they've had. I have only been to brunch here once and it was a long time ago - will need to try that again soon.
This was the site for the first ever Back to Drinking UYE. Yelp friends getting together for happy hour. Wednesday is all day happy hour at Hula's so that is why Wednesday was picked this time. I called them a day before to let them know we were coming and they had no problem reserving a spot for us. I have never been here before but I have always wanted to try a Tiki place and had heard good things about this place. Everything I had heard was true. This place is great. I like the decor a lot and the Elvis movies projected on the wall was pretty cool too. I didn't even realize there was a whole other sit down area on the other side until just before I left. The staff was very nice. Our waiter, who's name I didn't catch, was very good. As people showed up he came over with ice water and asked what else they would like and was always checking up to make sure everyone was ok.
They had reserved a long table for us across from the bar and we had 12 people show up all together. Good turn out for the first one.
I like the fact that they have Longboard beer on tap. All the appetizers were very good and the drinks were good too. There were a few drinks that I personally didn't like but that was just me. The Hawaiian Ceviche was the the first app out of the gate for me. A white fish with coconut milk, chili, cilantro and garlic served with giant wonton chips. That was so good. Great way to start off and it keep getting better. Next was Spicy Thai Fish Cakes. The white fish again with cilantro, chili, red onion, fish sauces and ginger. Very tasty. Then someone said potstickers and I love potstickers so had to get some of those. When they came out I noticed that they were fried and that worried me because some times places fry them too long and they get very tough but these were just right.
I probably ate too much and drank too much because the bill was a little high but I had a great time and so did everyone else. I wasn't to thank Hula's for putting up with us. I will definitely be back and want to try more than just apps next time. I love the Tiki glasses too. They whole night was awesome and I want to thank everyone who came out. I can't wait for the next Back to Drinking UYE.
This place goes on my new list of favorite bars.
Oh my goodness. I had so much fun here . . . All while being sober as a bird! 

Met up with a group of Yelp friends for Preston S.'s Back to Drinking UYE! What an awesome idea, except I wasn't able to drink. Next one. Promise, y'all. 

So this was my first time at Hula's and I loved it! The Tiki Hut theme and décor were done nicely. Not tacky at all like I was expecting for a themed place like this. And bet that patio is amazing during the cooler months with the fire pit. 

Our group sat in the bar. Forgot our server's name, but he was quick with the waters and making sure everyone was OK. He was also awesome enough to suggest a virgin "Hula Juice" for me, HAH! 

And of course, he put up with our rowdy crowd with a smile! 

The Dude and I tried the Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls and the Blackened Shrimp Tacos. The rolls were perfect; not overly fried. They came with a pineapple and shredded coconut sauce. 

Wasn't too impressed with the tacos; however, I will give Hula's props for actually having a legit "salsa roja". Finally, someone didn't false advertise. And this wasn't even a Mexican place . . . 

A little bird also told me there's another Hula's in Santa Cruz, CA? I hope that's true! Family has a beach house out there.  

Overall, I had a great time with our group and can't wait to come back here and actually enjoy a few rum-loaded beverages! 

Looking forward to the next Back to Drinking UYE!
I love this place.  Great food, awesome drinks, and the friendly staff make it so I always have a good time here.

I am addicted to the ceviche; I get it here just about every week.  It is so good.  The Juan Ho is a unique tequila cocktail that was created just for Hula's Modern Tiki. I think it is the best of their specialty drinks. plus I love the blue color.

I have tried about half of the items on the menu and I like them all.  Some of my recommendations are: The Dark and Stormy cocktail, Pork Tacos, Big Sur Black Bean Burger, Edamame, Hula Burger, Seaweed Salad, and the Cole Slaw.  I even found a recipe for the cole slaw on line and have made it at home, I like it that much.
This was my first time coming here for  for Preston S.'s Back to Drinking UYE. I have to say I was a little skeptical about a tiki bar in the middle of Central Phoenix but I figured "hey why not?" And it was definitely worth the trip.

The place had a great atmosphere. The big patio outside looks like it would be great for large groups after the heat dies down. The inside was definitely not the over the top tiki room I expected. While it still had a lot of Hawaiian touches, it didn't bash me over the head with corniness like most places. Great music and was especially cool to be able to look up and watch Elvis'  Blue Hawaii projected on the wall above us.

The waiter Kyle (Since nobody else seemed to check their receipt ;p lol) was great. He was very patient with our large group, checked on our drinks often, and even got a virgin Hula Juice for the girl since she was DD in case I got a little too drink happy (Honest, she's not preggo you goof balls. I'm just a nut for rum drinks). He was even nice enough to make sure he cut the check up right for some of the other UYE attendants.

I started the night with a Mai Tai. Admittedly I am always wary about ordering mai tais at restaurants because it always ends up being some watered down fru-fru drink that looks like something a girl would drink. But the menu promised it was not your typical "fruity mai tai" so I decided to risk risk it. And they weren't kidding. I couldn't have gotten a better mai tai if I had gone to Luau in Hawaii. Nothing fru-fru about it and very strong. Kind of surprised there wasn't a limit on them but I wasn't going to push it after one of those. good rum and great flavor. Just the right mix of alcohol and pineapple juice.

For food we started off with the Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls. They were fried perfectly with just the right amount of crisp. The vegetables and shrimp were very fresh and the coconut pineapple dipping sauce was great. Was a good size for two people but any more than that and you may want order an extra.

For dinner we shared the Shrimp Tacos. Again, props to Kyle for splitting this for us without us even asking since I completely forgot (was halfway through my mai tai by then so can you blame me?). The tacos were just okay but the salsa had a nice kick to it. From what I heard though I really need to grab one of the burgers next time I'm here.

Overall we had a great time and I can't wait to come back for more drinks and food.
Been going here for around 5 years or so now and really have liked everything about this place.
I have had the pork tacos which are soft and flavorful.  But I have to say the fish dinners are my favorites.  I order the Hapu which is the white fish with a mild flavor.  I like the lemon grass encrusted and the macadamia nut encrusted.  I really need to try some of their other dishes and get out of my rut.
But if everything else is as good as what I have tried then I highly recommend this eatery.
The service here is great.
Great little tiki bar! They have really great happy hour specials. Most the drinks were $5 and there was a large selection. Four or five apps on the happy hour as well. My favorite app was the ceviche. It was really good! Fresh, bold flavors, and plentiful. I also had he shrimp rolls and they were good. Tried one of someone elses pot stickers and some edamame. The splicy edamame was really good and unique. The pink bikini martini was my favorite drink. The watermellon flavor is subtle but refreshing. 

They had old Elvis movies playing on the wall the evening I went which was a fun touch. I think the patio will be a great spot this fall. Clean bathrooms, friendly, fast servers, and great new happy hour spot on my list!!
You can all disregard my previous review. I absolutely love this place, and apparently my girlfriends are on board as well. All night happy hour, central Phoenix, easy-on-the-eye bartenders... SOLD. 

I had mentioned my previous experience to them and how I wanted to give the place a second chance. We love the area and all the surrounding places, so, why not? Best decision. We started off with appetizers (beef sticks, edamame, wings) that were anything but traditional. Every dish had a cultural kick to it, which I loved. 

Not surprisingly, we could still go for round two... so, all these plates start coming with jerk chicken, ribs, something called a Kahuna? (steak plate) and all other kinds of jaw-dropping, mouth-watering foods. 

So, at this point, I'm completely stuffed and can't breathe. I love food, but Hula's won this round. However! I kept drinking (damn those sour amarettos) and my girlfriends were drunkenly flirting with the bartender... aaaand that's when you know it's time to go.

As the saying goes:  everything deserves a second chance. See you soon, Hula's!
Hula's Modern Tiki is a cute little gem in the middle of Phoenix. What's not to love about a modern-with-a-touch-of-retro tiki bar? I have yet to try their food, but the drinks are delicious.The staff is friendly and the patio is a great place to kick back on a nice night. 

Overall, I would recommend Hula's Modern Tiki to couples, friends, or groups looking for a chill place to kick back under the stars.
Delish ! My Hubby was on a mission to find the best rum drink and I remembered Hula's making a delicious drink called "the painkiller" at Devoured. The drink was just as good , if not better , it will knock your socks off if you have too many , but the taste is so delicious that you better have a cab driver on speed dial . We shared fish bites for an appetizer, the fish was extremely fresh and lighter than expected. I hope to make it back to try other menu items.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE hulas. Their food is so good. I always get the ahi tacos. Spicy and delicious. The prices are super reasonable. The staff is always so friendly. Great atmosphere.

My favorite part is the dog friendly patio :) I always bring my pup to hang out on the patio (we call it Yappy Hour) and our server always brings out a bowl of water immediately for her!

I would recommend this place to anyone for great food, service and atmosphere.
Hula's is definitely one of my favorite places to eat. The food is always delicious and the drinks are great too. The vibe is super chill, making it a cool place to hang out and grab some grub. The servers are always on top of their game and the prices aren't too shabby. 
I recommend the chicken tacos!
Great service great menu great foosd can't wait until they open in Scotsdale
Personally, it's the little details that set a restaurant apart from the rest. The little details like allowing reservations, asking if the check will be split and not having that bother you one bit, smiling, etc. Hula surprised me with how friendly and wonderful the service was. They are certainly doing something right here! The food was delicious as well. I ordered the White Fish Ceviche and Steak Sandwich. Both dishes were so impeccable!

The only thing I would change about this place is having it be closer to my house!
I visited Hula's today for brunch and enjoyed every bite of the Mango Chicken Caesar salad that I ordered.  My friend ordered the Hula's Hangover Hash and she loved it!  I can't wait to come back and try more from Hula's menu (it all sounded so fresh and delicious).
I have driven past Hula's so many times and thought someday I will have to stop by, well thanks to another fellow yelper who set up an Happy Hour UYE, my someday showed up so off to Hula's I went!

What a great lil place, love the feel of it, makes you feel like you stepped out of Phoenix and are now at some island bar, I loved that they even had Elvis Presley's Blue Hawaii playing up on the wall.

They have some pretty awesome happy hour deals, and on Wed happy hour is all night long. I ordered the Pink Bikini Martini which was pineapple infused vodka, sweet & sour & watermelon liqueur, garnished with a pineapple & cheery, this was a sweet lil drink, so very good! I also tried the Mai Tai, which was pretty good too, but I think the Pink Bikini is my favorite drink their so far! Also tried the coconut shrimp rolls, and I normally am not one to would pick a shrimp dish, but it said it came with a pineapple horseradish dipping sauce, I love pineapple, I love horseradish, so I had to try it!! They were very tasty and packed with shrimp, there was no shrimp shortage in those, and coconut gave it the perfect crunchiness! Very yummy for sure! 

Glad I have finally tried Hulas out and look forward to going back!
Every time I visit this restaurant I am amazed how kind, attentive and happy the employees are!  I have never left here disappointed until last week...What happened to the nice, young bartender with the beard?  We miss him!  Who ever does the hiring at this establishment knows what he/she is doing!!
i love this place! our waiter was great and the food was fresh. 
TRY THE PINK BIKINI
New Favorite spot in PHX!! Everything is great
Service was only ok. We waited for drinks and to order. And it wasn't even a busy night.

Food was good but we were over charged. (They said they would honor the Yelp check-in discount and then failed to do so - even after I reminded them.)

With so many fresh, hip places to eat in the area - you would think they would try to woo folks more. Perhaps it was simply a bad night. Unfortunately I'll never know.
Unapologetically kitschy and undeniably wonderful.  The staff is very friendly and cool.  Their deals are great.  The menu is delicious-- especially the appetizers (hello, crispy coconut shrimp rolls and sweet potato fries with aioli.) The Lilikoi margarita is my go-to drink. It's just an all around fun place to go, especially when it's not too hot and you can enjoy the patio.
I love that this place has a Saturday happy hour! We came for drinks and an appetizer before going out and it was great! The decor is super fun to watch. They had a move playing in the background as well. Lots of servers were around to help others too! The drinks were yummo and the food was great, we had sweet potato fries. I will totally be back!
Great service is just as important as quality food and Tia S. was a great waitress! Very patient with my 1st time guests as they questioned which items were best, attentive to never empty water glasses, and just generally super nice and sweet. I hope we get her next time :-)
I live 2.3 seconds away from here. 
The place is super chill and great costumer service. 

My drink was always filled up to the top. Its like they watch me take a sip and come over and fill it up. I loveee it. My waitress was cute and so outgoing. You can tell she love what shes doing.

I had all their vegetarian dish here. My favorite one has to be the tofu tacos. Their sauce is so yummy and the black beans is on point.  :)
Take advantage of Wednesday all day happy hour. The food and drinks are better than average and the servers are nice and appropriately attentive.

I had the shrimp eggrolls, which were a good tummy filler. ceviche, which I didn't realize that dish was supposed to be a little sour tasting, so I didn't care too much for it. shredded pork tacos - solidly good. and traditional ribs with slaw - pretty good, as well.
Stopped in one night for dinner. I like the decor a lot; really nice ambiance. Our server was really attentive and helpful, too.

The habanero chicken tacos are good. I really like the rice and beans, but I didn't think the tacos were that spicy. To be fair, I do have a high threshold for spiciness, so my criticism isn't the most fair. Still, the tacos were good.

My husband got the burger. He didn't really care for it, but I don't think Hula's is the kind of place you go to for a burger. If you go and you're thinking about getting a burger, just don't. Try something else, like some tacos or the ribs. I will say that the accompanying Caesar salad was fantastic. I did not expect such a good salad but it was really excellent.

Mai tais are delish, but super strong! If you're going to have more than one, make sure you have someone to drive you home (who hasn't been sipping on mai tais with you).

Overall, very nice. I'd like to stop by again.
Hula's is my favorite place to be in Phoenix. The food is delicious and more on the healthy side. The drinks are amazing and, well, they are drinks - not so healthy =-) The staff are friendly and accommodating. The atmosphere is relaxed and I love the fact I can sit at the bar, have some ahi tacos and watch an episode of Gilligan's Isle on the big screen - or wall which ever you prefer (the batman the movie is fun to watch too!)
Friday night at Basha High a group of authentic Hawaiian dancers came and performed at the annual school luau. The crowd of about 200 watched from the pool as the piano and microphones were being set up. The performance began with the pianist and guitarist opening up the show. They started off by playing an opening song and then announced the dancers as they came one by one. There was a total of five female hula dancers and one male fire thrower. 
 The crowd surrounded the hula dancers as they began to dance. They wore beautiful grass skirts and Hawaii's local flower in their hair. They danced with ease and the crowd applauded at the end of each dance. The dancers were very skilled and danced swiftly. Each dancer made every move look effortless. The music was a mix of drums, piano, and guitar. After the dancers completed their last dance the male fire dancer came out on stage and began to throw flaming torches ten feet in the air. The fire sticks whirled around and the crowd gasped in awe. At the end of the performance the dancers all grabbed a boy from the audience and gave them grass palms to hold. They asked each boy to dance and which ever dance gained the most applause won the contest. Contestant one won with the most applause. Finally the dancers thanked the crowd and finished off their show by dancing off stage. 
 I would most definitely recommend theses dancers to anyone looking for an entertaining and colorful performance. These dancers were very experienced and got the crowd involved at all times. There was never a dull moment in the performance. The music was incredible and the announcers voice and humor tied the entire show together. I got a chance to speak with the dancers after the show and they do many performances so if you have time I would encourage you to go see one for yourself!
I have been here quite a few times and it is either a hit or miss. Happy hour is about the only reason I would go here anymore. Fish cakes and pork tacos are delicious. But I have had more things that I have been disappointed in with this restaurant. Also, their service is hit or miss; I have had some of the worst service of my entire life at this restaurant.
Great Happy Hour specials on drinks and appetizers, all around $5. The appetizer sizes are a little small though. Their secret sauce is amazing! Loved the outside patio, especially because it's dog friendly.
One of my new favorite places for Sunday brunch! Their drink specials are awesome, food's always great, service is also above expectations, overall a definite recommendation. Can't go wrong with what you order, whether its a burger, breakfast brunch, huge salads, all of it worth the money without breaking bank.
This place just never fails to delight! 
 I have been here a few times now and it is always exceptional. 
Today was another wonderful experience.

Meet a friend here for lunch I got the fish tacos.only I got one fish and one tofu.
You can mix and match. It was with a very unique rice and bean dish.
 My friend got the Tofu Curry salad. I tasted a little of hers and it was also fantastic. 
Our waiter was so nice, he even gave me a sample of the Lobster bisque. Although I did not order it, it also was good.
The water is filtered ,it does not taste like poison so that was really nice as well. 
I had hot tea (they have an assortment). He refilled it continuously. 
 One thing we noticed while we were sitting in the bar area was how clean the place was . I mean sparkling clean.  I know that may sound strange but, I was right by a corner and I noticed how it sparkled. 

The more I come here the more I like it. The bathroom is spotless and beautifully decorated. 
The place is so retro ,plus they play the best music on the P.A.
Parking was good today, not so packed. But ,sometimes it can be hard to find a spot.
It's always fun coming to this place when the weather cools down and it's nice out.  I haven't gotten much in terms of food here besides the shrimp appetizers and the blackened fish sandwich.  However, I gotta say both of them were pretty darn good, and the sweet potato fries were better than even Arcadia Tavern's sweet potato tots! 

Service was great on a Saturday evening, and the water was always topped off (good for the ladies in our group since we had scorpion bowls!).  Since I only seem to come here to grub and go out, I'll have to go back again to try some more things; but the few times I've been here it's always been a blast.
Love the place...it has got great cocktails that you can share like the volcano.
The outside seating is great as long as its not July.
I have a lot of Vegan buddies,so they love it for the different Tofu variations,but my favorite remains the Jerk chicken
Hula's is one of my favorite places to eat, get a drink, or do both
It has such a cool modern tiki design and layout that is sort of makes you feel like you're not in Phoenix
It is very well known for its lush patio but inside dining is just as great because it is so earthy and trendy
You have to try the Mai Tai's, they are fabulous
If you're feeling a bit daring, you and a friend or date should try the Scorpion Bowl
Might take a group of 3+
PS: It has Bacardi 151
I have always had pleasant encounters with the servers and waitstaff
All of them are very friendly and knowledgable on both food & drink menus
Two of my favorite foods here are
1) The Hangover Hash, it is excellent
If you are there for brunch please try the H.H, you wont regret it
2) The Polynesian Chicken Sandwich, again, it is scrumptious
Their tacos are yummy as well 

Their happy hour specials are really great too
I was looking for a Hawaiian restaurant to satisfy my craving. I called and when I asked about the the dinner plate the gentleman that helped me suggested the Jerk chicken. When I heard the cost I was a little taken back. But I decided to go along. I was not disappointed. It was the best Hawaiian food I've ever had. I wish I could remember the name if the person that helped me. Thank you. I will definitely be coming back again.
A Gluten Free review.

The waitress didn't have a good idea what was gluten free and after saying "oh, its not breaded, its covered in Panko so its ok" I was hesitant to trust anything she suggested (panko is wheat...in case you were wondering). Then she said something had modified food starch and I was confused as to what kind of "food starch" it was...corn starch? wheat starch? what? so, that was out. So, I was just left with a menu with a bunch of sauces that if I kept asking questions would have sent her back to the kitchen 10 times with questions for busy cooks and half answers when she returned. 

I settled on the burger with no bun, which, unfortunately I often have to settle for with this annoying allergy. At least it was one of the best burgers I've had in a really long time.  Still, I didn't go to Hula's for a burger...I wanted something different...something Hawaiian (and the burger doesn't have anything Hawaiian about it, except Maui onions.) 

The burger is ground in-house and the fries are hand cut in house...delicious, but again...a burger and fries.  I really wish they had some more options or some clarity as to what ingredients are so I could have tried something else. Hula sauce, just so you know, is ketchup & mayo. 

She was nice and attentive and didn't get annoyed by my questions or multiple apologies for being difficult (due to the allergy questions). Our glasses were kept full and we were served promptly.
Enjoyed a late dinner.  Nice relaxed Tuesday evening meal.  Tried the Bastard cocktail, poke, and shrimp roll - enjoyed them all.  Good service.
This place is in my "circle of trust" when it come to good food and good staff. I suggest trying the shrimp rolls and civeche... AMAZING!
This place was absolutely wonderful. We had gone there last night for our first time and it was so nice and Wednesday is happy hour all night! We had a couple drinks and sat by the fireplace on the patio, it was so relaxing.

I love the patio a lot the set up was modern and it was very relaxing. The happy hour food was really good and very well priced. I will definitely be coming here much more often!
From the seaweed salad to the drinks and service. This place is a jem. Food was amazing and the drinks were generous. Toi mamy favorites to list. I cant wait to come back.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! My boyfriend and I come here almost every weekend. The staff is always very friendly, the food comes out in the blink of an eye, and the atmosphere is great. I'm always recommending this restaurant to others and have turned many friends on to this joint. I especially love heading over for a delicious Saturday or Sunday brunch!
best food ive had so far in Phoenix everything was spot on service was great drinks rocked and the jerk chicken was amazing. will be going back very soon
If anyone knows me they know my love for tiki and know my love for Hulas! Me and my husband come here at least once a week for brunch and it never gets old.  The food is great, the staff is friendly, the drinks are amazing and their happy hour...well you can't find a better happy hour in town! If you find yourself in Central Phoenix and want to try a new place for some awesome grub...stop in at Hulas Modern Tiki...order some tacos....wash it down with a mai tai or a dr funk and enjoy your day!
Tried the Hula burger and was super disappointed.  It was basically a raw pre-formed patty without any seasoning on it with special sauce, onions, etc.  Not blown away.

Their coconut shrimp rolls are pretty good and their sweet potato fries are done well too.  Would not recommend the burger.
Just tried the brunch today. I got the big breakfast sandwich it was pretty good. I would get I t again. My wife liked the bean burger but wouldn't recommend the tofu taco.
Other than the fact that you can dive into the joint from the sidewalk, I am not sure how you can consider this Tiki Bar a dive. Lets put our grass-skirt on and do a review on Hulas:

~Fud/Drink~
Off the top, I have to say that Hulas is EXACTLY how I imagined it went I was day-dreaming about cocktails in the middle of my 4x10 shift. The cocktails they offer are simply bliss. Have a couple of them and your rum-soaked mind will transport you to a beach filled with......er....more booze? Wherever Jimmy Buffet goes to after he get schnockered, just imagine that...Wherever it be, we are talking about a tropical paradise.  

I tried a Zombie, which is a concoction of numerous tropical fruit juices along with rum...You just have to try it, its the house specialty. I was the DD, so I could only try this one drink before sobering up... next time, I will break necks to be able to have a couple. I did indulge in the Spicy Thai Fish Cakes...which were equally amazing. I can't describe in words how filling this appetizer was. Needless to say, I was in heaven chowing down on the fish cakes, along with my Zombie...a sentence never spoken until now, btw. 

~Atmosphere/Service~
I went on Halloween night this year. I was expecting ghouls and spookiness. I got a tiki band with a bass playing upbeat beach songs, all dressed as zombies. It was 100 times more fun than spooky music, and set the scene. All waiters were dressed in fun costumes, and proved to be helpful when I asked questions. When we sat down, a waiter came up and helped us order while I waited for a friend to show. I do have to say that he was a tad bit awkward, kinda hovered a tad every now and then, but I'll give him a pass...at least he cared and kept coming back, rather than never again. While relaxing and eating/drinking, I checked out the space, I love how wide open they made the venue, with easy entry to the outside. As to where you can sit, you have a large wrap around bar top to sit at, as well as outside seating, perfect for cooler temps. As you can tell, the place is all set up as a tiki feel, you almost would come to expect a sand-volleyball court would be set up nearby. Fun times, nonetheless.

~Extras/Rating~
I have nothing but good things to say about this location. They offer a ton of fish items, so next time I am over, I think I will splurge and give some things a try. Add them on Facebook ASAP, because they offer numerous deals each week. Check out their website which also has info on their daily specials. Combining the specials with normal prices, you can really have an awesome time at a lower price, which is why I really love this place. I can't wait to go back, it only took one night, one dish, and one drink to hook me on...so I am sure they'll get you hooked too! Stop on in! 5 stars goes to Hulas for location/atmosphere, cocktail varieties, food selection, daily specials, and strong management/customer service. You can tell they are doing it right. Thank you Hulas!
This place was great!

Cool vibe. Lots of free parking.

Happy hour was great with even Hawaiian brews for $4.

Try the sweet potato fries!

Service very friendly.

On a nice evening you can enjoy their outdoor dining area.
Just a great place to hang!

Hula's is my go to place whenever I just want a good time. Great drinks, great food, great service, great ambiance.

Tiki Time (Happy Hour) has a great list of Tiki drinks that are priced just right as well as a very nice selection of foods. The full menu is very extensive providing something different no matter how often you visit.

And the service always rocks. From my second visit the staff has known my drinks and food preferences. It is so nice when you don't have to always ask for the little things that make your visit special.

Nothing like sitting on the patio and sipping a Mai Tai to make the evening go by.
The concept is cool. The place is cool. The food is alright. Come for the atmosphere and neighborhood... but not specifically the food itself.
Love this place! Happy hour on saturday was from open until 7...which isn't common! The Mai tai is not your normal fruity concoction! It's a strong drink!!! Only $5 a piece is a steal! The mimosas are $2! Very modern building! Bartender was wonderful and very helpful in offering drinks to our group!
I've been here a handful of times and love their happy house specials. A LOT of specialty cocktails on happy hour and I was happy to learn that their weekend happy hour goes from 10:30 - 7pm...very rare to find a weekend happy hour! This is only for drinks, though. Food specials are only Monday-Friday. Every time I've been for a week night happy hour I make sure to get the mac and cheese. It's only $5 if I remember correctly. VERY rich, flavorful and comes out in a piping hot crock. I can usually only eat about 1/2 of it so it's also a decent sized serving!

I love drinks made with ginger beer (i.e. Moscow Mule) and they use Cock N Bull which is one of my favorite ginger brews. 

I'll be back again and again and again. :)
Love the unique menu 
Great fun atmosphere 
Tiki drinks are bomb
Go for lunch also it's less crowded
The jungle curry rice bowl is absolutely delicious. Actually all of their rice bowls are great. Also love their tacos, veggie burger, sweet potato fries and all of their tropical drinks.
Extremely pissed off!!!!  They make this big fuss about a special event tonight for thanksgiving ITS 11:20pm and the kitchen is closed!!!  Seriously!!
Wish we lived closer so we could go to Hula's again! Chose Hula's based on Yelp reviews and were not disappointed. We really enjoyed sitting out on the patio by the fire - fire is always a hit with my hubby. I had the pork tacos, and loved them. The pork was so flavorful, tender and yummy. I'll be trying to recreate those flavors when I get home. The black beans along side were fantastic as well. Daughter got the Mongolian beef - was different than others we've had, but still delicious. Tender chunks of meat, sauce was lighter than others, but very flavorful and enjoyable. They also had some off menu kids options, like chicken strips and grilled cheese, which was a huge help with our little one. Large menu of fruity drinks, served in cool tiki glasses, and a large wine list. Will be back next time we're in town!
I guess they don't season the Hula Burger because they use the same patty for the Cajun burger and that burger would be salty.  So heads up - get the Cajun burger if you're gonna try one.  And they also said they leave the fat content high for flavor, fyi.
So I've been hearing about this place for the  past 5-6 months since I've moved downtown. I finally made it here. It was a cold night so we sat inside. Hostess and servers were really friendly (it helps I met a regular here). I liked the ambiance inside. The drinks were great and so was the appetizers. Sweet potato fries and shrimp rolls, bomb. 

Then I had the chicken wings, they had this different taste to the sauce, not in a bad way. Hard to explain it. But I'd definitely recommend them. 

What really had me, sucked me in and will have me back. They have a projector that was playing movies onto a wall. The original Batman series, like from the 70's. Yeah, the nerd boy in me had a big O. Then after, they played the old school stop motion Christmas story movie. 

What what!!!

Oh and I just happened to find out a girl I went to high school with is a part time bartender here. Her name is Selena. She's very sweet, ask for her, great personality. 

I'm holding off on the '5th star because drinks are sorta pricy, but hey that's why Seamus isn't that far. :-P
The south seas grilled fish tacos were so excellent! Good atmosphere & great service well complimented an evening shared with newfound friends! I'll definitely be back...so many mouth watering menu items tempting me!
I tried the Southwest seas fish tacos last week and they were brilliant! Perfectly blackened on the outside and soft & juicy on the inside. Paired with their rice & beans (and maybe even a cocktail), makes a perfect meal.

I brought my grandma and mom here a few weeks ago and they tried the fish specials: the pan-fried soy-misu hapu with mushrooms and the macadamia encrusted mahi with mango chutney (you can also do these specials with tofu!). $14-16 for rather brilliant fish specials is a steal! They were both overjoyed to try something new and don't think they'll be requesting Olive Garden (or the dreaded Cheesecake Factory) for their upcoming birthdays. ;) 

Our server even recommended the perfect cocktail for my grandma and took it a little easy on the tequila, per her request. The service here is consistent and now that I started eating fish again, I can reintroduce myself to all that their menu has to offer. Forever a Hula's fan.
my favorite place great food and drink the music could be better but I LOVE this place
Went back again today with a group.  This time I did try something different.  I had the Luau pork plate.  The pork was shredded and had chunks of pineapple throughout.  It was served with white rice and cole slaw.  I really like their cole slaw as many restaurants use vinegar in theirs and make it sour tasting.  But not here.  It is delicious.
Only complaint I have is all they serve in beer is Hawaiian.  I am an amber beer lover so I don't usually have a drink while here.  Don't they have amber beer in Hawaii?  I also wish they served dinner rolls with the dinners.  Someone at our table had cerviche which was served with large crispy won tons which I stole and used these with my pork to make up for the dinner rolls.
Seriously, one of my favorite Phoenix eateries. Ceviche is the best in town, and the rest of the Hawaiian fare is simply delish. Fish bites are ridiculously yummy. Great beers on tap, and the service is laid back yet attentive.
Hula's has captured perfectly that hip, urban, midtown Phoenix atmosphere. You'll always find a crowd, their fire pit is pretty interesting, the indoor and outdoor spaces are cool, and they've got posters of old surf movies on the wall in the bathrooms. I was once inspired to try and find one of them, but wasn't able to on Netflix or Amazon. Maybe I just wasn't really that dedicated to the task at hand though.

I've been to Hula's a number of times now and only about half of my visits I was ordering food. Not to say their food isn't appetizing, just that Hulas works well as both bar AND grill, and I'm not always out during lunch or dinner. While a bit on the upper end of my dining out price range, every time I've ordered food, it was either good or delicious, but when ordering a drink, I usually stick with a vodka & soda, their other drinks just aren't for me.

Their signature cocktails are generally made with either rum, tequila, or vodka, or some mixture of two or three of them, but I've found that a lot of them are to sweet for my tastes. I'm not a real fan of super sweet drinks, and they can reach levels of excessive in my opinion. My favorite food item on their menu are the pork taco's and you can order one taco during happy hour for about $3. HH is Monday - Friday until about 6pm. I've also had their sweet potato fries, tofu taco, edamame, a Hula Burger, and their mac-n-cheese. All were tasty, and worth coming back for, but I imagine I'll try something different next time, like their habanero chicken tacos or their house made black bean burger.

Overall Hula's is a fun spot to meet with friends, but I wouldn't go here for more than one or two cocktails unless you're looking to leave with a sugar high.

Happy Yelping Phoenix!
The poke was amazing and a good size portion to boot. Service was spotty at the bar but great in the restaurant. Tried the Tiki Bastard cocktail it was very strong and too much bourbon. The wasabi mashed potatoes are a miss, no flavor, was excited to try them.  I had the butterfish and it was well prepared. Hubby had the hapu, prepared with coconut flakes, very dry and made the fish seem overcooked. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.
I had an okay experience at Hula's, despite the Sunday night bartender passive agressively threatening to not serve my friend because he has his beanie over his eyes (note: I have seen said friend drunk before and this was not one of the times that warranted threats of non-service so rudely upon being seated.) My lobster bisque and pain killer was good...which I paid for and closed out in cash separately for each, $2 and $1 tip respectively.  I know this because I had exactly one $20 bill left on me and only had $2 remaining when I came home.  What ruined my experience here was my friend informing me that said bartender was claiming I never paid (even though bar tender asked, "You're closing out with cash?" each time) and trying to pin the tab on my friend AFTER I had left.  So unprofessional and completely his fault for attempting to charge us TWICE.  I question coming back after this incident.
This last sunday, one of my best friends was having his birthday dinner at Hulus. And since I have never been to a tiki bar outside out Japan or Hawaii (the one in Japan was just a Hawaiiian islands bar but same thing) so I was ready to see what Hulus had to offer. 

The atmosphere is not over the top tiki but it could use a few more statues. They have a nice patio area which would be nice but it was too cold to use. But lets jump to the heart of the matter, that is the drinks. Oh my. Rum is one of my strong vices. Add fruit juice and I would mostly likly drink it out of a shoe. But besides the fact that sentence shows some crippling alcoholicsm, I dont get to indulge in rum beverages very often. But they had my favorite "Dark and Stormy" which had Ginger Beer as the main mixer instead of juice. And this was mixed perfectly, so much so that it gave off a Dark and Tan floating illusion. I would go back just for that. 

How about the food? Man can not survive on rum alone. But dammit we try, 

The food was very good. Three people I was sitting next to got the Tofu bowl and raved about it. The one guy who got the chicken was also pleased. I got the Calamari burger just because I never seen a Calamari burger before. And it was to be expected. It needed to be bit more spicy and a lot more crunchy but still good, since I ate it all. 

Basically....they do a great Dark and Stormy. And if that doesnt get you go then nothing wil.
with so many positive reviews on this place, I was expecting much better. Went with my gf on Monday afternoon. We ordered a spicy thai fish cake for appetizer, a mango bbq rib and a jerk chicken for entrees. The fish cake was ok but a bit salty. The ribs were a bit dry and DRENCHED in bbq sauce. The jerk chicken had too much spices so it was a bit salty and the meat had a mushy texture. The service was doing good but I wouldn't recommend this place to my friends.
I want to LOVE this place as much as my colleagues do.. The place is just okay for me. For starters, we've tried the lobster bisque, calamari, fish cakes, ceviche (a favorite), and the ahi wontons (another favorite). For the main entree, which is where the needle continued to point a neutral to below neutral, was the "jerk" chicken and the one of the fishes with the jamaican jerk sauce. Welp.. I've never had shredded, marinated of sorts, jerk chicken.. the outcome was unfortunate. The fish was better than the chicken, but still left me hoping for something.

I'd go back for starters or even exploring their pretty cool happy hour specials, but not in a hurry for a seated dinner.

Recommendation: Always make a reservation if you can. Also note, they do not take same day reservations.
I've probably been to Hula's half a dozen times now and figured it was time to write up a rather glowing review. Never have had anything but great service here, the food has always been consistently amazing and they make some awesome house cocktails. I've come for happy hour quite a few times, and we even came here on NYE for their live music and all-night happy hour - what a fun crowd and a great time. Brunch on the weekends has always treated me great as well, I love their spin on a benedict. All in all, a solid go-to spot with a fun theme in downtown phoenix.
Oh Hulas Happy Hour! How I love thee!!!

John you make the best libations! I love your conversation and recommendations for food and drinks. Happy hour appetizers and drinks are amazing! The artwork and atmosphere fantastic! Think Mid Century Modern Tiki Outsider Pin Up art  - tiki mug collection is Fab! Love the large screen playing old beach movies too. I also enjoy looking at the ornate detail to the chapel across the street out of your BIG window facing Central. The outdoor patio is spacious and always seems to be being used winter or summer with the help of heaters or misters depending on the season. Staff is attractive, helpful and polite.

Your are close to my house for a reason - we searched close to you and many of our other favorite spots!!!
(Lyrics - Mr Big - To Be With You)

Hula's Modern Tiki
Show me what you got to eat
Drinks up, Luau Pork
A Longboard Lager can't be that bad
When it's brewed, it's brewed
Hula's will make you breakfast too
So come on, foodies, come on over
Let Bo Bites be the one to show you

I'm the one who wants to eat with you 
Deep inside I hope you'll taste it too 
Waiting in a line for drinks and food
Just to be the next to eat with you

Hula's Modern Tiki is fast becoming one of Phoenix's downtown staple.  Always open and always on the trend of making this happen.  Seasonal and daily specials so this is definitely one of those places that is worth the visit.

Hula's, like the name says, is a modern tiki restaurant.  The displays and decor are not as tacky though.  Actually well maintained and a lovely spot to to hang with friends or bring a drink date.  I love coming here for brunch!  $2 mimosas and the menu is a knockout!  

We started with some spicy edamame and crispy shrimp eggrolls.  The spicy edamame made me want to drink more haha cause it was SPICY!  Loved it! While the eggrolls were crispy and crunchy from the shell. the shrimp texture mellowed it out.  I ordered the Luau Pork for my main; thought it was okay, I didn't care for the porky taste I guess, but my friend ordered their jerk fish.  Hands down I was so jealous cause it was damn good! The jerk was nice and creamy and with a kicking spice as it should be.  

Overall, service was very good and food was excellent as usual.  You can't ask for anything more from a restaurant.  Thanks Hula!  - Enjoy!
Hula's gets 5 stars in my book.

Just down the street from where I live, Hula's is visited quite frequently. Everything on the menu is worth trying. How else are you going to decide which items are your favorite? I would recommend one of the bowls, or the Hula burger.

Sweet potato fries are  a must. I don't know what the dipping sauce is that comes with them, but you will be wanting to put it on everything  - trust me.

If you haven't left room for dessert, you can always visit Twirl across the parking lot.
Lobster Bisque is the business. Bartender John was attentive and had a great demeanor and personality. Good experience all around.
This is a really neat place. I've only been for small plates but have eaten my face off. Yup. Maybe I shouldn't be bragging about that. 

"Grazes. Watch your valuables tho."
"Will leave no blade of grass unturned."
"Has the mouth of a Hoover."

Er - perhaps I should revise those warning labels. What I'm trying to convey is that the food here is gosh darn good. The service is always with a smile. And this place is super group friendly. This can be dangerous. Watch out! I mean, for your waist lines!

I'm going to start with a SERVER SHOUT OUT.

My most recent adventure was under the tutelage of a bomb diggity server named William G. (#68). This kid was zip zagging seamlessly inside and out to help a number of large tables. I gotta tell you something - come closer - this kid is solid gold. Waiting on groups is not like taking attendance. (Unless that involves herding cats in the dark.) 

There's a reason they ask for your party to be present in order to be seated. It's so taking orders is easier. Did we do that?
Nope.

Were we consistent in our ordering pace all night?
Nope.

Did we have a lot of questions?
Uh huh.

Did he ever break his smile?
Nope.

Did he have time for me to point out a $0.50 HH hour difference on the menu for a draft beer? Um, NO. The kid was still smiling and super pleasant to boot. Gold! (Probably hates me.)

HAPPY HOUR
Dood. They have four beers on tap, generally on the lighter side. (Note: Currently stocking a Koko Brown which is dark, "coconut inspired" which I am a fan of.) $3.50 or $4, not sure. Whatever the price it's a good deal before 6pm.

Late to HH? Can't be here by 6pm? 
Follow them on Twitter for their "Word of the Day". You'll want it for super special pricing on drinks. (I heard you can also receive it via email.)

FOOD
Holy Smoke! There are very rich foods (watch those waist lines) and delightfully healthy, small portion options. HOH so good! My photos have some of my favorites. Right now what I would give for a HH tofu or pork taco.  (Yeah, I went out last night. Need some replenishing.) $3 provides a taco that can be served into *two* portions. That rules! And it fits with my balanced approach to not exercising. 

Hey! I'll get back to the gym. 
Someday.
Right.

Until then, I'll come drink and be merry. Here.

And, apparently at the new location that is opening in Scottsdale.

TOO MANY CHOICES!
This place is 3 stars in the best sense.  It's really super cute and 50s tiki-themed.  The inside is really nice but a little cramped, with a beautiful patio, tiki-themed decor, and even tiki mugs.  

There are lots of fun, rummy, sugary drink options, some served in tiki mugs.  The food is pretty good, and pretty reasonably priced - definitely better than average bar food.  It tends to be loud and crowded and the service is a little spotty.  

Mid-summer visits can be iffy.  The misters can't be on outside after the sun goes down...apparently this makes the patio slippery, but, frankly, it also makes the patio really, really hot, especially if the misters are on when you're seated and then turned off a few minutes later.  They also sometimes list items on the menu long after they've actually discontinued them (the ground ahi burger is an example - the server said: oh, we haven't carried that for ages).

Over all, a fun place to meet friends and hang out, if you don't mind waiting a bit for service, bumping into people, and gettting pretty hot on summer nights.
I've never had a bad time at Hula.
 The drinks are some of the best mixes in the valley. Be careful though, they pack a helluva punch. 
 From the burgers to the Mongolian beef bowl to their ceviche, you can't pick a bad dish. 
 They set out to be a throwback 50's style tiki bar and they nail it. 
 But, if you really want to enjoy yourself, sit at the bar. John (the tall guy) is hands down one of the best bartenders in the valley. Somewhere the art of that job got lost. The fun, easy to talk to, quick witted bartenders have been in large part replaced with a surly, too busy to chat, cooler than you crowd that makes it hard to be a repeat customer anymore. Not at Hula. 
 Some people think that five stars are too commonly given out. I think five stars are deserved when it's a place you've recommended *first* when somebody asks you where to go downtown. Hula's been that more than once.
Some of my funnest, most memorable nights have started @ Hula's! Whether I go there for a lil' HH or a nice dinner (...or killer brunch!), I always have a great time. The food styling is very unique in the Midtown area...Hawaiian/Asian fusion. My favorites are the ceviche, the abalone-style calamari, and the Kona French toast for brunch. 
  My friend B. and I were on a quest for the best sweet potato fries in PHX not too long ago, and Hula's was the clear winner! Love the aioli!
  Another of the reasons I keep going back to Hula's is because of the awesome bar experience. John, the bartender, makes some of the best drinks in Midtown. In addition to Hula's mega-luau of tropical drinks, John had made me some killer "experiments" including a Spicy Dark-n-Stormy and an Absolut Cilantro & lime tonic. 
  Mahalo Hula!
My boyfriend and I are new to the area and just driving around and found Hula's -we are so happy we did! We had couple beers at the bar before being sat. Try the koko brown seasonal on tap, soooo delicious! One of the best beers I've had. Food was amazing! I got the short ribs and he got the jerk pork plate. We where both super happy and definitely going to be coming back!
Incredible! if your ever here ask for John the bartender or cross your fingers and hope he just happens to be working when your there! the food is good and the drinks are brilliant!!
Awesome spot! From the food to the drinks this place is off the chain! Make sure to see John at the bar.... Best bartender in town! He serves up some of the best cocktails around!
I was visiting a friend in Phoenix and while we were driving to a museum, Hula's Modern Tiki caught the corner of my eye and made me look. It looked pretty cool. I couldn't figure out if it was a bar or a restaurant and noted that we should go there later. And that's just what we did!
We decided to go out for dinner and drove back to Hula's. We asked to be seated outside near the fire (it was a nice January night in Phoenix but a little brisk in the air, and the firepit outside took that away nicely). 
Their menu was HUGE and everything looked good. My only problem was deciding on what to get. The prices were reasonable and the food was delicious. The service was excellent and the ambiance was perfect. If I lived in Phoenix, I'd be a regular for sure!
One of my favorite stops!!! The atmosphere is awesome!!! The food is amazing!! We always get the coconut shrimp spring rolls, and the spicy edamame. Very good. And I usually choose from any of the fish. I like that you can pick what you want and how you want it cooked etc. The burgers are amazing if you don't like fish and so is the salads!!
Is the food good? Yes it is. Is the food great? Ehhh. It's just pretty good. My wife and I shared two different plates to get more of a taste of what Hulas has to offer. I ordered a chicken breast burger of some sort with sweet potato fries. The burger was good enough, the sweet potato fries were luke warm and could have been a little crunchier. She didn't care for the cajun hamburger she'd ordered. I thought it was pretty tastey. She ordered french fries. Pretty average, nothing special. Overall, I feel there are better dine-in options on Central. I do like the Hulas' atmosphere, and it's likely I'll return to give it another go sometime.
I've frequented Hulas for over three years now and I still love it as if it is new! Great food and drinks- awesome service. Lots of variety! Hawaiian Ceviche- grilled wings, coconut shrimp rolls, burgers, salads, black bean burger, tofu tacos, steak tacos. Those are a few of my faves! Just go. Try it. Killer Patio. Definitely one of my favorites!
Such a fun and chill atmosphere! The happy hour is pretty decent but one thing I love about this place are the drinks!
Love this place! We've (myself and my fiancé, Stacy F., a fellow Yelper) been a total of three times so far, twice to the Scottsdale location and once to the downtown Phoenix location. The food is always hot and fresh, the wait staff and bar tenders friendly and helpful, and there's a fun open air layout. 

The pork tacos are phenomenal, although I'm not crazy about the black beans and rice on the side.  We moved out here from Florida last May, and out that way we're far more used to yellow rice with our black or red beans, so it's merely a matter of personal preference.  The food is prepared exceptionally well.  Tonight I tried the spicy Asian wings with a side of regular fries, which were even better than I expected. When it comes to drinks, the Dr. Funk is our favorite so far, but there are plenty more we have yet to try. 

Overall this is one of our new favorite restaurants in the greater phoenix area, and I'd recommend it to anyone.  I personally prefer the new Scottsdale location, but you can't go wrong with either!
Excellent food, service, and atmosphere...what more can you ask for?  Casual setting with full bar and many unique island drinks.  Large food portions at very reasonable prices.  So much to choose from and they all look so good! Across from Swirl and parking is free! I will be back again!
Interesting drink & good menu. Nice options. Best blood orange martini I have ever had. Fast & friendly service.
Since we have been to their Scottsdale location a few times and loved it - we of course had to head to the original! We opted to sit at the bar and enjoyed that they had the patio completely open so we could enjoy the amazing night despite not sitting outside.

We made it a point to head out on a Tuesday since it was 2 for $20 appetizer and drinks night.  Of course we went with the staple Dr. Funk for our drink (couldn't pass it up) and I had the coconut shrimp rolls, while he opted for the wings and added on the small fries ($4).  The food was great, the projector on the side of the ceiling was fun, and the ambiance overall was a winner. 

The only off thing at this location was the bill.  We got our bill and the bartender ended up having to explain what was done. It looked like they rang up our food and drinks and then rang up the $20 deal, so our total was originally $68 dollars, of which they took $38 off in discounts, which was still off, since with the two app, two drinks and fries it should have been $24+ tax, not the $30 it was after all the odd line items.  We are guessing that something wasn't accounted for in the discounts? It was too confusing to argue over the extra money since we weren't even sure where the mistake was!

Overall: A-
As expected the food and drinks were amazing, the staff was friendly and ambiance was great (really cool patio, funky window facing out to a church, projector movie on side of ceiling, etc.).  Only downside was a confusing bill, but sincerely doubt that will prevent us from returning again and again!
This was a great place. The food was great and the drinks. I liked the outdoor seating next to the fireplace.
Eh.  I had been wanting to try this place for so long and we happened to be in the area yesterday and decided to pop in for a happy hour drink.  I opted for the Tiki Bastard.  It was to be a mix of bourbon and gin along with a few other interesting things.   There was nothing interesting in it.  It basically tasted of soda water.  My husband tried the Hula's Hurricane.  Again, mediocre.  

At least I can check this off the my list of places to visit,
Wow!  This place is the best!  I've heard lots of wonderful things, and it certainly lived up  to the hype.  The food was great, drinks were strong, happy hour prices were fantastic, the service was above average and the ambiance was fabulous.    I had the Pain Killer- even at Happy Hour prices, the drink was full strength and a great blend of rum and tropical flavors.  We shared two appetizers, the pork taco (it says it is one, but there is enough meat for two) and the coconut shrimp rolls.  The pork was a great blend of sweet and savory and the shrimp rolls were filled with shrimp and coconut and served with a great dipping sauce.  We rounded out our tropical get-away with a lobster bisque that was hearty, filling and full of shredded lobster.  My daughter opted for the Island Style Poke.  The menu listed it as "market price"- but we lucked out and they had a double shipment that they wanted to move, so it was only $5 that day.  Even so, it was a hearty serving, which she took home with her, and would be well worth paying full price.  We live in Scottsdale, but were downtown that evening.  We will definitely check out the Scottsdale location- soon.
-Never been but will now frequent.
-Service was the best I've had in a while (the server specifically)!
-Cajun burger was delicious even though was a bit to medium than what i prefer
-Pork Taco was also fancied much
-That Mac and cheese tho... could taste wayyyy too much butter... would not recommend*... seriously too much butter.

I have only one weird irrational complaint.... straws were too bright and made my head hurt?..... :/. Also was a pretty sunny day and forget my eye shields.
I ate here two years ago and loved it. The service is terrible. We were billed for things we didn't order. The chicken tacos were good...if ordered at Baja Fresh. The kitchen ran out of desert 5 hours before closing on a Saturday. Do not go for anything other than happy hour.
I've been very fortunate to have this place close by. I have taken many boyfriends, friends and relatives here, and we all agree that Hula has amazing food; a chill, generous and attentive staff; and a fun, casual vibe. The restaurant is very open to the outside with some of the walls removed, and there's a fire pit to keep dinner cozy on those chilly nights. Hula's is dog friendly and right next door to Twirl, a highly reviewed froyo joint (in case you want a light dessert to follow). 

I am not a fan of Bloody Mary's, and my boyfriend hates anything without meat, yet I really enjoyed their B.M., and he always ends up asking for "a couple" bites of my black bean burger. They got us both addicted.
This is a great place, the volcano I amazing. But do you know this place this got a Grade D from the health department inspection? This is the lowest grade you can get. The have found dead roaches in the bar the last 3 inspections, food not labeled with proper dates, and not at proper temperatures.  I will avoid this place now.
Service: Slow! But very friendly.

Food: The fish is always good, and they have a great selection of tacos.

The best: The patio! This is the best patio in the valley. You get great people watching, Light Rail watching, and sit in the beautiful Arizona night.

Get the Pork Tacos. They are on the Happy Hour Menu, as well.
You can't go wrong here! There is something for everyone! The menu and atmosphere is very eclectic. You'll find business groups, old people, young people and some people that you can't quite figure out. One thing is for certain- you'll always get good service! I've been here for brunch, lunch, happy hour and dinner and have never once been disappointed. 
As for what to order I highly recommend the spicy thai chicken bowl! If you are on a budget I recommend the pork taco only $3 on the happy hour menu. The amount of meat is easily 2 tacos. My favorite part of the menu... DRINKS! The blood orange martini on the rocks is a must try!
Place is awesome.  

If you're fortunate you can strike gold here on a Wednesday like myself with all day happy hour apps/drinks til 11pm.  

Ceviche was marvelous as were the shrimp rolls.

Blackened Ahi salad was divine too.

Definitely go here again when visiting Phoenix area.
fun place! great drinks & food
Great little spot!

Have been here quite a few times and have never had a bad experience. The staff is always friendly and the service is fast. Food taste wonderful and the menu is diverse and healthy. I would recommend anyone to check Hula's on Central out!
We really love this place.  Service is outstanding and the food is great.  We started with the shrimp rolls as an appetizer and my wife had the Thai Bowl and I had the perfect lobster bisque and seared ahi on wonton chips with wasabi cream and ginger.  All excellent.  We finished by sharing a slice of very good key lime pie.  Drinks are strong and tasty.  All of this happened in a great, open atmosphere.  Everybody who works here is happy.  Everybody who eats here is happy.  We will be back.....probably this weekend.
Have been looking for a good Polynesian style restaurant in the Phoenix area as my wife enjoys one back in Connecticut, where she is from. We were looking for a good scorpion bowl, and we found one here! The scorpion bowl is excellent and I would recommend people to try it. The reason for the lower rating is the food. My wife had the pulled pork sandwich and wanted to try the Hawaiian Macaroni Salad. She asked the waitress about it and was told that this was homemade and tasted sweeter than a regular one and was very good. The salad we received tasted like it was bought from a grocery store. The only way we made it different was to use the sauce from her pork on it, which then gave it a good flavor. Otherwise you can get the same thing from Safeway.  The pulled pork was good as were the sweet potato fries. We may go back again, but would not order the Hawaiian Macaroni Salad.
I was not to impressed. I had the shrimp tacos it was blah and way over priced, $14 for 2 tacos. The atmosphere was great and waitress was busy but still managed to serve in a timely manner. I think it's more of a happy hour kind of place not a place to have a nice sit down dinner with the family.  I would probably go again with friends to have drinks though.
Thank god the tiki bar is open!  Love this place as it is the ONLY tiki bar in Phoenix.  It is excellent though.  Happy Hour is a terrific deal filled with urban hipsters on the patio with the light rail buzzing by.  Eat there or venture in to the restaurant and enjoy delicious tropical drinks with fare such as jerk pork, fresh spring rolls or my favorite the Caribbean Mango Chicken Caesar salad.  Did I say the drinks are AMAZING?  Well, they are.
Food was delicious and fun atmosphere for a night out. Out server had too much attitude and that ruined the experience. Because of food allergies I had a few questions and it took her too long to come back I answer my questions (and she was passing our table frequently so it wasn't like she was talking to the chef). After wetting frustrated I tried to wave her down and she started getting rude with us.
Great food and atmosphere is lively.  We had iced tea, poinsetta mimosa and two appetizers - I forget what they were called but one was fish with tortilla's and the wonton's - both were very yummie. Not a great place for being able to carry on a conversation at the dinner hour, but great place if you don't need to carry on conversations across the table.
Marvelous place to go for Happy Hour. Great patio. Great atmosphere and nice service. Wednesday is Happy Hour all night.
I have brought so many people here and nobody has ever been disappointed!  I haven't tried one thing that I haven't liked. Every time I try something it becomes my new favorite.

Great food great atmosphere great service... What else could you ask for.

Also, don't forget to bring Fido. They have a dog friendly patio!
This place is fun and creative. I totally dig it. When I'm in the mood for some island food this is where I go. Awesome drinks and a lengthy menu will please anyone. The patio is great too. Only complaint is that sometimes the service leaves something to be desired. All in all I say try it, you will love the vibe.
Second time eating here. Both times, great tasting food and fast efficient service. However, had a most unpleasant experience this time.  Family had the "butterfish" which most likely is escolar. Fast forward 30 hours and orange oily liquid is shooting out of my family's anus. Needless to say, I will not be eating here again: health danger.

I am a board certified emergency physician here in the valley. I was not very amused by this result from your food. However, after now reading that I am not the only one who has complained about this, I am incensed. Someone three years ago complained about the same issue. Your response: more or less is that not everyone gets diarrhea and I've eaten it a lot is not appropriate. It is reckless. 

For the record, anal leakage of keiorrhea is not fun. It ruins your clothes not to mention your day. Perhaps this time you will take this more seriously.
Came for brunch...Huge portions..great drinks, fun decor.   Wil be back. The group I came with was pleased.....the only suggestion is maybe have some sauce available as a good pairing for some of the dishes, not just a hot sauce.
I have discussed the above issues with the Owner and am assured that butterfish, aka escolar will be removed from the menu.  As stated above: the restaurant serves delicious food, with reasonable prices, excellent service.  This was an unfortunate event involving a fish with a dodgy history.  It was not the quality of the fish that was in question it is simply the species of fish itself.
I love this place!! I'm glad they opened a 2nd location in Scottsdale, but the original is way better! I love the atmosphere here-the patio space really makes it. The inside decor is unique too, and really makes you feel like you're elsewhere. The staff is always on top of service. I've never had a bad experience. The drinks are good-it's a polynesian place, so definitely a lot of Mai Tai action. I can usually only have one because they're so sweet, but luckily they have wine, beer and a full bar as well. And the food?! OH THE FOOD!! So friggin' delicious! My go-to is the Mango Chicken Ceasar, but I suggest you try something new for each visit. They're BBQ Rib Dish is delicious. And don't forget to get some sweet fried plantains! Just like mom used to make!
This place should remove the food section on yelp or online about being Hawaiian. This is not Hawaiian food. The place is cool small ambience place. Service was good and friendly. Lunch menu was ok and I wasn't intersted in it and asked if I could order off the dinner menu and was told no; not til 3:30 ( it was 230).  The food portions are good. The kalua pork is not kalua pork and the rice seems like uncle bens. 

I'm here for a wedding and gave it a try. I would come back to try some dinner options but not for lunch. 

Just not my style


aloha

A real Hawaiian
An excellent combination of comfortable setting, well made cocktails and a fine steak all followed by excellent Key Lime Pie. I
Our server was attentive, and wait times were very reasonable. We were seated in the outer patio area, but the street noise was not a distraction as the patio had plenty of energy of it's own. I definitely consider  this a great spring / fall location choice, my be tough in summer. What missed the 5th star?, seats were less than ideal, steak was a tad mis-trimmed.  The Zombies were excellent and the tastes were in good balance.
Beautiful patio and delicious food!  Jawaiian Jerk Chicken was so flavorful; the plantains were unique - sweet and great texture. Wish I had room for the ahi tacos... They sounded amazing.
I really, really like it here. The staff is friendly, attentive, greets you as you walk in and the food/drinks are great! I think the old movies playing add a nice touch, too. I'll definitely be bringing all my out-of-town guests here.
I love this place. The food is great and the cocktails are awesome. You must try the Tropical itch. The staff is very helpful and laid back. I have tried the new Scottsdale location but I prefer this one. They are also dog friendly on the outside patio. I love how they even have a happy hour on the weekends.
Love this place, the Mongolian beef bowl is the best!  Great atmosphere and friendly staff.  Only comment is the staff should have name tags or uniforms so they are more recognizable!  Great place though!
This was a fabulous dining experience. the food was very delicious. 

I ordered the Pork sandwich with sweet potato drys and macaroni salad. for an appetizer i got the coconut shrimp rolls, they were great as well. Next  time in in town I will defiantly come back! The staff was very friendly and helpful with their recommendations.
Every time I go here I always try something new and I'm hoping one of these times I'll find something I like...to date no luck
clarify - seats are resin plastic, not terrible for a patio situation. 
I am upgrading review for two reasons; my brother who was with me dogged me for the rating, he felt it was an incredible night ( he is from Denver and wishes he could drop by anytime!!) and second the owner is engaged and messaged about my experience, I always give credit when feedback is embraced and responded too. That unfortunately does not happen nearly often enough for what is really a service business. Great place, now on my top places to go across the country!! And besides, who does not love a Tiki-Bar !!!
After coming here a couple of more times I can honestly say that it's a pretty decent spot on central, the drink I get is the scorpion bowl (4 two people) which is incredible!! Must try!!

This is more of a drinking spot because of the awesome atmosphere & location but as far as food I like the appetizers, but I think the entrees could be better!

I really rate this spot a 3.5 but I give it a 4 because of the amazing atmosphere!!!!

Try the ceviche appetizer & coconut shrimp roll appetizer...I am also looking forward to trying the new Scottsdale location!
Summary-only go to this place for happy hour drinks and food (HH food is only available mon-fri). 

For the drinks and happy hour I'd give a 4 star rating, but our overall experience wasn't so great. We were given a menu and were quite happy with our appetizer choices only to find out those weren't served on Saturdays and the same with the dinner menu. If you are there for lunch on the weekend there is a separate small menu on the last page so don't get excited by anything on the 1st 3 pages because you probably can't order them and they won't tell you this until you try. They really need to have different menus for different days and times. Plus our salad wasn't very good and way over priced. The ceviche was good, but again way over priced if it isn't happy hour. 

P.S. They had only 2 umbrellas for the entire patio which covered 1.5 tables leaving the remaining 10ish tables uncovered. Kinda lame for Phoenix
If you like bland food, slow impersonal service then this is the place for you. Just left the "Mother's Day" lunch. We don't know our servers name, we had to ask for drinks to be replenished, and left a tiny tip which I rarely do. But it is the reason I hate "posh" places. Blah. Spend $70+ elsewhere.
Love the atmosphere at this spot however I have to admit I was expecting more traditional Hawaiian food not Hawaiian fusion cuisine so I was a bit disappointed however everything we ordered was packed with flavor especially the wings!!
Hula's Modern Tiki serves island and Hawaiian dishes and has a pretty decent drink/cocktail menu. 

We ordered the shrimp tacos ($14) and kalbi ribs ($15). The tacos came with two tacos, each on two corn tortillas with 6-8 small shrimp and a large amount of slaw. The tacos were served with salsa and a side of rice with beans on top. The tacos were OK, but had an overwhelming amount of cilantro that overpowered the dish. The ribs came with macaroni salad and rice. The ribs and rice were very sweet tasting. The macaroni salad was bland. 

I ordered a blood orange martini ($7). It was very good. 

Hula's offers happy hour Monday to Friday until 6 pm and all night Wednesday. Drinks and a few appetizers are $5 during happy hour. There are also Monday and Tuesday night specials. 

I would not order either dinner we had, but the drink was good enough that I would go back during happy hour and try an appetizer. 

The bearded waiter was good and honest about which dishes are his favorite and which aren't so great, which was appreciated.
I used to be a regular here but moving away from downtown has moved me to a new watering hole but I do miss this place.

Food/drinks/happy hour/atmosphere 
I usually order the Dr. funk or the Hawaii 50 (both 5$ during happy hour) which are both great options if you like a fruitier drink, I would ask the bartender to recommend something based on your taste as they are usually nice enough to let you try it. I have tried a lot of their menu and the pork tacos (happy hour 3$) are a big stand out to me they taste like a kalua pig mixed with some great spices with a fresh home made salsa that has some spice but not much which is great. They have a great happy hour from 3:30-6 mon-fri and all night weds great time to check this place out if you are curious. The place is real laid back I have been there in slacks and dress shirts to basketball shorts and a white tee. 
The bad
I have had an issue with one waiter a few times (3 to be exact)in one such event I came in during their freaky tiki event where they had a buy one get one free. I ordered 2 dr funks for me and my girl who was running a bit late, he let me know that he would bring me one drink at a time and that I couldn't have 2 drinks. I explained the situation to him and he just walked off without acknowledgement and came back with one drink. We had to wait a while for him to come back as it was busy, not a very good experience but now when I go in I avoid his section so no problem. The parking is also a concern especially during the weekend but I have heard they are working that issue out.
Take a chance on this place you won't be disappointed even with a few hiccups this place deserves the 5 stars.
I like the food here but the service at the bar pretty much sucks Hawaiian balls.  The bartenders didn't offer any help until I accosted one of them for water.  Then I was handed a drink menu.  Had to ask for a regular menu then had to jump up and down wildly (well, almost) to get him to take my food order.  Perhaps they don't like peoples who dine alone at the bar. :-/
Menu items never change

SOME not all servers just seem to stand around doing nothing but bringing food out and above taking plates back leaving it entirely to bus boys

Consistency of food is lacking (poached eggs one day boiled another)

We only come here now when other friends convince us

I forgot to mention this part, the drinks are usually good when they do finally come out, and when made right the food is excellent and ingredients always seem fresh...
After leaving my bad review Dana was gracious enough to contact me, which to me goes a long way. So I wanted to add this bonus review that I do love Hula's for happy hour. I will go back someday for actual dining and try it again.
I'm updating my review as I feel I was being a bit (or a lot) pissy the day with my 3-star rating.  I've always really like this place.  It takes an entire team of excellence to get a 5-star rating and I shouldn't have let just one bad moment define my overall experience with Hula's over the past 3 years!  It really is one of my favorite places!
Went for brunch and was disappointed but based on the reviews I decided to give hulas another chance for happy hour  I would say drinks only. The food was bland as just sad ex: the rice not cooked and was actually crunchy
We entered Hulas Modern Tiki and immediately felt the wind Leave our sails. This A Frame style building resembles a cabin more than a tiki bar.  Very sterile and no cozy island vibe.  I ordered a Mai Tai. It arrived sour and unpalatable. The waitress offered to replace it with another drink. I ordered the Tropical Itch, suggested by the bartender who said it was a sweet drink. Again, a sour drink. Perhaps a mixer/juice was bad.  We ordered the Crispy Coconut Shrimp Rolls and the Abalone Style Calamari.  The calamari was good, but a bit soft from improper frying.  The coconut shrimp rolls were outstanding. We opted to skip the main course and go to dessert. We ordered the Coconut Creme Pie.  The pie was not the custard type but more of a cheesecake.  After getting a large glob of cream cheese which I had to sneak from my mouth to my napkin, we gave up and asked for our check.  The 2 stars are 1 for the shrimp rolls and 1 for our waitress.  We are leaving here disappointed and in need of a Good drink and dinner. This was a $40 lesson.
We went back to Hula's Modern Tiki to give it a second try after the owner contacted us and provided a gift certificate since we did not have a great first experience. 

We both ordered the blood orange martinis, which I had and liked last time. They were good, and we agreed the drinks might be worth going to have. They were each $7. 

I ordered the Hula's Modern Fish Sandwich, per the owner's recommendation. I enjoyed it. It is large. The fish to bread ratio is good, and the flavor is nice. There was not overpowering cilantro on the slaw on this dish. I had sweet potato fries with it. They were somewhat soggy and not great. That dish was $12. I would eat the sandwich again. 

He had the Mongolian Beef Bowl without black beans. The rice was very sweet, but we knew that after last time. The meat was cooked well. The curry lime sauce does not resemble Mongolian Beef. The dish had a little too much cilantro. Because the flavor was not like that of a traditional Mongolian Beef, I would not order it again. It was $13. 

The server was nice and helpful, though service was much slower tonight than last time. 

All in all, we really want to like Hula's because the drinks are decent, the location is convenient and the patio is nice. However, the food is just not a huge win for us. We may return for happy hour but probably not for dinner.
We were looking for a late lunch stop after shopping and before checking in I our hotel. If we lived in Phoenix, this would be a regular stop. Service, food, ambiance, and drinks were perfect.
What a gem for the mainland! I love their specials they have throughout the week. Dana and his crew definitely got everything RIGHT with this place. The decor, food, atmosphere, drinks, and service are all great. I'm a particular fan of the black bean burger; it's not like many of the veggie-based burgers. This is thick, hearty, flavorful, and not heavy. I don't know if your tastebuds would, but mine boogie with glee. I also like the shrimp tacos with their version of slaw. Again, not heavy and just the right blend of acid and sweet. 

Their happy hours are such great deals, and happy hour on the weekends is practically the entire day! Anybody up for some Tiki Time? 

The patio is fantastic for sitting and sunning along the light rail path. You can glimpse the dome of St Francis Xavier or look across toward the interior of the restaurant. Either way, you feel like you are in a happy Phoenix place. 

The best part? A pup friendly patio, and that's always platinum to me! Not only to they allow dogs, they'll bring out a bowl of water and include a cookie or two, too! Two paws up!
My husband and I went in last  night...sat at the bar.  The bartender recommended the chicken bowl...it was amazing!  My blood orange martini was perfect and the bartender made my husband a not-on-the-menu cocktail...just delicious!  Great atmosphere, service and food!  Can't wait to come back!
Good drinks and good food-
Garlic Edamame was delicious 
Chicken bowl was amazing
Chicken tacos were good
Beef bowl has a lot a yellow curry flavor but still good
The owner odd contact me to make things right.   I do appreciate the effort.  Maybe what we experienced truly was a one off.
We went here last week. The Crunchy Fish Bites are covered in crunchy panko and come with a  slightly spicy sauce, the mac and cheese is delicious, and the signature mai tai is nothing like a traditional mai tai, but believe the menu, which says "strong". It really is, but it tastes pretty good. We actually ordered three different cocktails and liked them all.
I was underwhelmed by the pork tacos, which seemed a little bland. Our waitress was great though.
Revisited  a weeks ago, happy to report that the food was more consistent and service was improved...  had eggs Benedict and they were indeed what you would expect...
Favorite restaurant. Wish I remembered the name of this awesome server there, but everyone is great that we have had. Food and drinks are awesome and they have great daily specials, happy hour throughout the week.
This place was awesome. It was upscale Hawaiian food to die for. The mixed drinks were fantastic. You must get the painkiller.
This made for a good lunch spot with a friend. I asked for the spicy Thai chicken bowl, but less rice and more cabbage. It ended up being rather like a cabbage-based salad, which was okay by me! The chicken was nice and tender, though the spiciness was rather overwhelming for me, personally. I ate it all, but it's not a dish I'd order again.

The atmosphere was very nice in there and we had great service. My friend greatly praised their happy hours, and I'd like to visit again during that time.
The jerk chicken was pretty for this not be resturant dedicated to jamacian cusine. I would order again. Also the drink I had was very tasty and smooth.

My waitress was great! They comped our drinks for keeping us waiting and I didnt feel like we were waiting long at all so I felt much obliged to compensate her with a tip. She had a nice personality and made my friend feel at home for her 23 birthday with a nice ice cream concoction.

I will definitely be visiting again! I want to try more of their food gems and explore the drink menu
Hula's is another place that is on my bucket list and a few friends met here for dinner before seeing a show at Crescent Ballroom. We went on a Saturday evening and it wasn't too busy, which doesn't surprise me for a DTPHX restaurant on the weekend. We started off with coconut shrimp rolls and potstickers, which were very good. In hindsight we probably shouldn't have gotten them though because the entrees are HUGE. 3 of us had burgers while the other had a bowl, and 3 of us took about half of our meals home (and I had mine as a drunk midnight snack). I had the cajun burger with regular fries and a cocktail which all come in adorable Hawaiian themed glasses. The service was great and the price was on point with what we received. They definitely lived up to the hype.
Very cool building and great spot to go when its nice out. They open it up and looks really cool. Pretty good bar food too if you are just getting a drink a good place for just a drink and appetizers too. Portions are big on most items.
Have to say the food was OK- not sure if we ordered the right stuff.

Asked for White meat didn't get it...
Service was horrible- credit card machine didn't work.

Food is very pricey for what they gave. 

for 1 leg and 1 thigh fried chicken with side of rice and corn- cost me 12 bucks with Water to drink.

No lunch specials as well...


I will give it another try but for now- buyer beware.
Saw the Grand Opening sign and decided to stop in. My meal consisted of a jerk chicken sandwich on white hamburger bun, an order of festivals (small cornbread type things), and juice drink (mango and pineapple juice mixed with simple syrup). 

The jerk chicken sandwich was tasty, but really small. Not sure it was worth $5.25. The festivals were really dry. They could have used some sauce or gravy to go with them. The juice thingy was quite tasty. 

In the end, I spent about $14 dollars and left hungry. 

Did give feedback to the owner. Not sure if they will act on it.
Well my experience was different than previous Yelpers.  Maybe I went in with '"hole in the wall" expectations as soon as I had a look around, maybe Ocean Blue took a little time to get on it's feet.

I went for lunch with some coworkers and everyone seemed more or less happy with the meal.  I had a jerk chicken appetizer (1.95) which was kind of a pocket filled with mildly spiced chicken.  It came with a side of jerk sauce which was complex and spicy.

I followed that with one of the daily specials, 2 fish tacos.  It was flour tortillas with very tender and sweet tilapia, some cabbage and other leafy stuff and a sweet, slightly smoky sauce.  I added some of the jerk sauce to throw some heat on it.

I also had an iced tea.  How much for the app, 2 fish tacos and iced tea?  $9.70.  Not bad at all.

They also have a small lunch buffet which is refreshed often.  It had four dishes-a white rice with some veggies, broiled tilapia, potato salad and some kind of roasted chicken.  While we were there they changed the fish twice and switched to BBQ chicken.

I'll be back to give them another shot, maybe try the all-you-can-eat buffet for 7.99.
I have not really had much Caribbean food, so I decided to try this place out since it is right near my house.  I wasn't sure what to get so I went with a recommendation from the server of coconut curry shrimp and scallops (white rice and plantain sides).  I also got a side of Jerk Wings.

The coconut curry was quite tasty (Very different from Indian coconut curry), as was the shrimp.  I was especially impressed with the scallops as they were cooked just perfectly.  My problem with the dish was that it was very little scallops and shrimp, and almost completely peppers and onions.  It was still all quite tasty, but I agree with some of the previous reviewers that it was a bit over-priced for what it was.  I expect to pay around $14-$15 for a seafood dish anywhere, but I would also expect it to include a bit more seafood.

The wings were tasty as well, and the jerk sauce was explosive.  I was glad I tried it, because there were good, but too spicy for me to want to get again.  I think I want to go back sometime and try their lunch buffet, but it is timed pretty poorly for me to be able to do it.
$7.99 All you can eat lunch buffet Mon - Fri is one of the best options for lunch in Chandler. The Jerk Chicken is really good, the Talapia is good. Not a fan of the plantains here.

On the menu the Curry Goat is great, call ahead if you can because it takes about 15 minutes to prepare takeout food.
I have been to Ocean Blue twice and it was fantastic each time.  It is difficult for my wife and I to find a restaurant we both like because are food tastes are very different.  She loves the Jerk Chicken.  I ordered the Cocunut Curry Shrimp and Scallops.  Both meals were absolutely fantastic.  To top it off, $1 draft beers.  How great is that.   This is one of the best restaurants I have been to in the Phoenix area.
Thought I'd try it. Had the Turkey Burger which I have to say was super good !! Maybe one of the best I've ever had. I really liked the Festivals (little cornbread-like thingys). Their jerk sauce is very, very good. I haven't tried much else, but because the pricing is high for what you get I can't give it 5 stars. Also, service can be slow. I waited almost 20 minutes for take-out. Order ahead.
Pretty good. Buffet a little toned down for American spice levels but otherwise good. 
Try their fresh made juices like pineapple - ginger.
All you can eat great for dudes with active appetites.
Ocean Blue is a little mom and pop carribean joint in a Chandler Blvd strip mall.  I feel bad for the owners as they see how packed Subway is next door.  I guess it's hard to compete with five-dollar footlongs.

The restaurant used to be burrito chain, and the inside looks roughly the same as it did before.  It's an odd layout where the tables are cramped by the bar, which seems always empty.

I brought a real live Jamaican guy with me for lunch, so I could get his opinions as well.  It turns out that I didn't need much expert insight.  We opted for the buffet which had exactly 5 items:  jerk chicken, blackened tilapia, mayo-based macaroni salad, red beans & rice, and some kind of  cinammon pie for dessert.

Notice there were no vegetables.  However, there was no red meat or fried items, so it wasn't totally unhealthy.  The jerk chicken was bone-in dark meat pieces that had nice flavor but not much heat.

Everything was good (except the dessert), but nothing was outstanding.  I even enjoyed the macaroni salad.  There just wasn't much variety, and the food suffered from "looking like something I could make myself at home", even though I'm usually too lazy to do so.  The dessert was the lone disappointment.  It tasted like pumpkin pie mixed with stale cornbread.

Well, the Jamaican guy liked it, and the price was only $8, but I still can't go above 2 stars for this place.  The buffet items change daily, and they have a non-buffet menu, so maybe a 2nd experience will wow me more than the first.
I have been craving for a Carribean restaurant near my work place for a while.  I've heard of Ocean Blue for a while but never made it there.

My friend Howie tried the buffet and said it was okay.  We decided to come back and order off the menu. 

We got one of each Jamaican pattie on the menu: curry chicken, jerk chicken, beef, and spinach.  They were flaky but sitting in the warmer for a while.  The curry chicken was the most flavorful of the bunch.

Next we got the jerk chicken sandwich and jerk turkey burger.  Howie mentioned the turkey burger tasted like it was homemade.  My burger was okay, but the chicken was dry.  For the price of $5.95 / burger, it seems a bit steep for lunch.  The owner did give us festivals on the side for free.  We weren't really sure what a festival was, but it seemed to be deep friend semi-sweet dough.

Service was a bit slow with us waiting for refills and the check.

Overall, the meal was okay.  I've had better, especially at Breadfruit in downtown Phoenix.  I probably won't be back unless I get a deep craving for jerk chicken at work.
Went back because a friend had a groupon.  Technically, it was a groupon wannabe from VoicePlaces.  We skipped the buffet and ordered off the menu.  We tried once of each Jamaican pattie flavor (beef, spinach, jerk chicken, curry chicken), and made 2 safe sandwich choices (jerk chicken and jerk turkey burger).

The patties were all tasty, and they were a good value at only $2 each.  I particularly liked the curry chicken and the spinach flavors.  The sandwiches were disappointing... very small with no side dishes for $6 each.  The waiter threw in a free order of "festivals" for us, but they weren't as festive as one would imagine.  They were just fried dough and empty calories.  Think beignets without any powdered sugar.

So, it's worth checking out this place for the $2 patties and $1 beers during happy hour ($2 Red Stripe), but that's about it.  Nothing else seemed outstanding or a great value, and the ambience leaves something to be desired.
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =


Dropped in to this place for a buffet lunch with Robyn N. & Mike C. today.  It's fairly small, clean, somewhat stylish & features a small weekday lunch buffet (4 trays) of interesting Caribbean food.  The buffet varies a little for each day of the week, & today it was steamed white rice, steamed vegetables, Coconut Curry Tilapia, & Jerk Chicken.

I would have liked to have seen some salad & maybe a little dessert offered, but the food they did have out was delicious & none of us left hungry!  Our host was friendly, & there is a full bar.  I DO want to return on the other weekdays to try the buffet variations.     :-))

Lunch Buffet $7.99
Had  lunch here with Robyn N and Rand H. Well to start it is a small buffet with 4 chafing dishes , The good news every dish was very good. It has been quite a long time since I had some good jerk chicken and theirs was just like I was back in Jamaica . (yumm). They also had some tilapia that was really good . The other two dishes contained plain white rice in one and steamed veggies in the other. The $7.99 buffet was well worth the price and I look forward to many return visits.
My husband and I went in and we were pleasantly surprised.  We got very different things and we were happy.  The festivals are out of this world.  I had curry chicken and it was delicious.  My husband got the jerk wings and 2 patties.  A fish pattie and a beef pattie.  He loved the fish pattie.  He says the jerk wings were very tasty but too big for him. (he like a smaller, more traditional wing)  overall we enjoyed it and will be back.
I am surprised to see so many low ratings and rants. Perhaps some folks came when the place first opened and maybe others aren't used to Jamaican food. And someone complained that the credit card machine was down... that can happen anywhere, so I would hate to see it held against the restaurant. 

Ocean Blue offers very large portions for meals and the staff is always friendly (I have not tried the buffet).  My wife and I have been at least three times (twice to eat in and once for carry out) and have never been disappointed. In fact, I was headed back today which is how I found the Yelp listing, because I wanted to look at the menu and get the hours before heading over.

Perhaps it could be a little cooler inside, but if you were in Jamaica, you'd feel right at home :-)
I went to Ocean Blue with a friend on our "ethnic dinner" night. I was a little leery after reading the reviews, but the experience was more disappointing than I expected. 

The Bad: 
- Service. We ordered and received water promptly. After that, we never saw our server again. A different server brought our food and then disappeared. My water glass was empty for the last 45 minutes I was there with no one offering to fill it. 
- The food. I specifically asked our server if the Goat Curry was fatty. He said no, not at all because it is a very LEAN cut of LAMB (!!) that has the consistency of beef. Ok. First, why advertise it as Goat if it is truly Lamb? Second, the meat that came out was covered on every side with a thick layer of disgusting fat. After I cut it off, there was a little piece of meat the size of a corn kernel left. GROSS! For $10.99, I got a pile of mushy, inedible fat ON THE BONE, three festivals (reminded me of a sweet cornbread), and wafer-thin plantains that were overcooked and soggy. 

The Good: 
- The curry that the Goat/Lamb was cooked in was very tasty. I dabbed my festivals in the sauce to liven them up a bit. 
- Cute restaurant with the Caribbean theme. 

And that's all, folks. What an utter disappointment. Skip this joint or at least the Lamb called Goat and plantains.
Had a groupon for 4 up to $144 meal. The restaurant looked pretty small, very nice looking place, very clean, dark lit and decorative. There is a bar that you can go to also. Buffet available too.

In terms of Service, pretty laid people. Very friendly and is always helpful when you need them. Water and drinks ordered immediately. Manager came to us to ask us how the food was. Good customer service.

The food is very very good. We ordered $118 worth of food and we did not have a complaint with anything. My only problem with this restaurant is the prices of the food, which is very overpriced. If you did not have any coupon, expect the bill to be very high.
Delicious! This was my first time trying jamaican food and it was amazing! We got the shrimp appetizer, grilled salmon, curry shrimp dish, and pie dessert. Service was great too, we will definitely be going back.
Delicious and inexpensive buffet.  For $7.99, you get your choice of 4 different trays.  Sodas here ($1.99) are Pepsi product based.  Today at the buffet there was tilapia in brown sauce, jerk chicken, red beans and rice, and pasta salad.  The tilapia was excellent.  It was seared on the outside for a more crispy texture and had moist flaky meat.  The jerk chicken was also superb, pretty spicy, with juicy, flavorful, fall-off-the-bone meat.  The red beans and rice were excellent- I went back for 3rds for just the rice!  The pasta salad, just OK, your standard pasta salad.  While it would be nice to have a little more variety, on the other hand, I'm glad that they can excellently prepare a smaller selection of food without compromising quality.  Will definitely be going here again!
This is an amazing place to eat, it was a treat! I went here with a group that included 6 adults, and 4 children. We were all happy with our orders, and the portions, and service were great. 
I must say I grew up on Jamacian food, since my dad is from there. The curry chicken was amazing, and the rice & beans were perfectly cooked. 
This place is a must for people who want to try food from the island.
The food is good if you like very hot and spicy.  The two of us enjoyed a shrimp appetizer, goat meat, and jerk chicken.  The sides were also tasty.  The cleanliness and atmosphere were just so-so.  They must have a problem with people not tipping since there are several signs requesting patrons to remember their servers. (It does kind of look like a fast food place).  We were surprised when we received our $29 food bill to see that $7 was automatically added for tip.  Our service was good but I was glad I noticed the generous tip was already added on to the bill.  Not sure if we could have asked to have it removed, but we did not try. There are so many places in the area that are so much cleaner and better.  We wanted to try it, but will probably not be back.
I went there for lunch as a result of a LivingSocial voucher, and return twice more, for lunch, also.
The food is delicious. I love their festivals and curried shrimp. I tried their lunch buffet as well, but I'd rather order off the menu.
The two times this young man waited on us, the service was good. When the lady waited, not so much.
The biggest downside is that you will walk out of there reeking of food...
Didn't like the service, too slow, and Jerk seasned items didn't have that sweet spice/savory flavoring that most Jerk items have. Most have that grilled taste also, theirs didn't. The fried chicken was over cooked.  The Festivals were terrible weren't crispy at all! just tough and doughy.  The Jerk Chicken Wings just taste like hot boiled chicken wings with darkend skin.  Glad I had a coupon so I didn't have to pay full price. I won't be back.
Food is good, loved the jerked chicken, but the service is bad, bad, bad.  I have been to OB four times.  The first time the cook waited on us and the service was great.  The next three times, not so good.  The feeling that they give is that they could care less that you came in or if you come back.
Great food and friendly Jamaican host. Jerked turkey burger is awesome!
Stopped by for one more try and received great service.  The jerk chicken was excellent.
I am an open minded person- ate hear recently twice- buffett.
Food was really good- nice spices etc.
I recommend now for lunch.
Went in with a co-worker and fell for the 'buffett'.  It wasn't any good.  I could have had better from a frozen TV dinner.  The chicken was covered in black spices and the tilapia was deep fried with some kind of flavor I could not identify.  To make it worse, I tried using my Groupon discount and was denied because this was the 'special' and it was not accepted.  In the end, my co-worked ended up eating white rice with some terrible chicken and I had some heart burn city tilapia with white rice.  Not recommended.
Longtime lunch customer of Ocean Blue. I started going in when they first opened and business was slow. I am always excited to see that they now have been discovered and are busy.

THE BUFFET is not what your going to find at Sweet Tomatos or a Chimese restaurant.  There is a fish and a chicken dish every day. The preperation or the suaces are different. Rice or red beans and rice along with a cold pasta sald and sometimes soup is included. For $ 7.99 its amazing. 

SERVICE is usually done with just one server at lunch.  Ramon does a great job and he and Sue always are friendly.  Most of the customers eat the buffet at lunch.

Now the moral of the story is that this is truly authentic Jamaiican food and authentic staff.  They are friendly, laid back, and are genuinely interested that you enjoy your meal.  Give them a chance!  Relax and enjoy the great food.
I got some dish which i couldn't pronounce it's name. I had it before but at another place, and i really liked it there. Here though the tortilla is actually underneath the food already and soaked with the "sauce" of the food. I wish i knew it would be like that. I would have asked for it on the side so i could place the food inside it and wrap it up to eat. I prefer doing that then having it premade and drenched for me.

The place was definitely nice to go to and look out the window as we ate.

Wouldn't mind coming back, but definitely not something you would go out of your way for.
Took my niece here for lunch, thanks to Groupon bringing it back to my remembrance. We had jerk wings, curry shrimp and jerk chicken plate and festivals. 
Everything tasted fresh, well presented and DELICIOUS! I love that their food is flavorful and spicy, like caribbean food should be.

The atmosphere is cute, with reggae music playing at the right volume and slightly corny island themed decor. Perfect ;-).

I love Ocean Blue and, unfortunately, realize just how close it is to where I live...I'll be trekking over for festivals and fresh made patties on the regular.
We found this place totally on accident and absolutely  loved it. Great food and great service. I had jerked chicken and the spices were perfect. The "festivals" were amazing and I would go back just for those!!  Try it!!
The service is dedicated, though not as fast as people expect in Chandler. The staff is sparsely staffed and they worked their butts off. 

I loved the jerk chicken wings, curried goat, oxtail and soursop beverage. The shrimp was tough, probably Individual Flash Frozen because the flavor was still there. The skewer flavor was lovely. The fried chicken was ok, but focus yourselves elsewhere along this menu. The beans and rice side is fluffy, not heavy. I have many good things to say and very few negatives. We really enjoyed ourselves. You can try three entrees at $19.99 with choice of two sides.
My rating for this place is more like a 3.75-4, but because of service I rate it a 3. 
We were there on a Thursday night and the place was pretty full. That being said we waited quite some time before the one guy serving/bartending was able to get to us. I will credit him for doing the best job possible! He maintained a helpful and friendly attitude despite how busy he was! 
Now onto the food....
I absolutely LOVE Jamaican food and this place will be a go to when I get a craving.

I had the combo jerk chicken and goat curry with rice and beans and veggies. The chicken and goat were both full of flavor with a little spice (I think it could use more). They provide you a side of BBQ/jerk sauce on the side that I think is nice, but the chicken doesn't need it. Writing this review is making me want to go there now! 
My husband had the ackee and saltfish with festivals, rice and beans. 
Ackee is a native fruit but does not taste fruity! To me it has a texture similar to egg (creamy spongy). 
The dish was good, but we both felt it could use a little more of the salted cod for the price. 
The festivals were perfectly fried, cripsy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Festivals are fried little dumplings that are great for sopping up the extra sauce left on your plate!

If you order the right thing Ocean Blue definitely delivers! I mean really, why go to a Caribbean place and get a quesadilla?
Took my family here and it was a big disappointment. The food was one thing but the service was also terrible. I noticed the food was previously frozen and then the one person that was there was behind the bar, hostess, waitress, and all positions that were needed. I will never go back here mainly because of the horrible taste of the food. Nobody in my family liked it so I wont waste my time or money here again.
Excellent food.  Bought a Groupon as I had not tried the place and was very happy I did.  It is close to my office and will be a go-to place for lunch now.  They were a little under-staffed and the wait was long for lunch but the food was well worth it.
I've been coming here for a while and the food has always been good. Unfortunately it is the service that kills this place. Today I watched them completely ignore the phone as it wrung with potential orders and they were out of rice and peas at 5:30p. Good luck ever getting a patty after 2pm! To the owners... Invest more in your service as I doubt I am not the only customer you have lost because of it. Just to clarify, they don't have bad service (rude people), they have no service. One person taking calls, taking orders, expediting, bar tending, cleaning, and helping in the kitchen. Ridiculous!
I have been discouraged by the many restaurants in the valley and I'm always very picky about the places I've tried in the past. Today was unique, I decided to dip my toes into this Caribbean spot since I've read the reviews. I got there after 8pm since I was starving and not in the mood to cook dinner so late, I decided to give this place my full attention. I noticed the details as far as the Jamaican music in the background, the décor made me feel like as if I am somewhere lost in Jamaica by the sea. Only the sultry breeze and ocean were missing. There was only one lonely chicken patty left so I ordered it plus ordered the oxtail with white rice and cabbage with carrots. I ate the patty first and was blown away by the flavor,  I had to look around to make sure I wasn't somewhere in Brooklyn. I can only imagine if they have a Labor Day parade party in there, it would be a success because their food is already authentic and flavorful. This was my first visit there and not my last. I will make sure to stop by again maybe on Saturday to get some more patties. This patty had my eyes closed and toes curled and when that happens, to me that's a good sign. Not at all disappointed and the employees there were very approachable and nice. I had my food to go and splurge at home, I ate my patty before exiting Ocean Blue and got so excited, wish they had more patties. Again, I was blown away. The only negative to me is that the patty was a bit pricey, $2.25 for one patty but hey, at least I can close my eyes and pretend I am in a hole in a wall in New York.
Caribbean??? mostly Jamaican. I went for the "buffet". I did enjoy the food and the price was right at $7.99 for the all you can eat lunch buffet, HOWEVER, there are only a total of four (4) items on the buffet. You should understand that this review is only for the buffet. The menu looked good but the prices were between $11 to 17 for a meal. Try at your own risk.
This was our first visit here.  We came for lunch and had the "buffet".  The only good thing about the buffet was that you got to try more than one dish.  They had jerk chicken, a curried tilapia, some sort of cabbage dish, and rice.  That's it.  A very sad buffet in terms of selection.

However, the food itself was good.  A very nice jerk chicken, and they make the tilapia filets fresh (so sometimes you have to wait while they make more).

Next time we come (and there probably will be a next time) I will be ordering off the menu.  The selection on the buffet is just too limited.  Though if all you want is some jerk chicken and curried tilapia filets the buffet might be just fine for you.  The food was definitely good enough to warrant a return visit.
Went there for the first time tonight and loved it.  Staff was friendly.  Had jerk shrimp appetizer, wife had curry chicken, and I also had the spicy burger.  Unfortunately they were out of patty's otherwise we would have had those also.  The sides of fried plantains and rice were also great.  We have spent some time in Jamaica and have fond memories of the food there.  Ocean Blue brought us back to Montego Bay (without the ocean), and we will definitely be back!
Stopped by for lunch with friends from work.  

I had the Jamaican jerk chicken.    The chicken was very flavorful.   The festivals were every bit as good as those I had in Jamaica.

The food was slow to arrive.  If you are going for lunch and are on a tight schedule this is not the place unless you arrive early enough for the buffet.

The price was high for the serving size.  Overall it was a nice change from the usual lunch fare.
My husband and I had lunch today at Ocean Blue, and the food was delicious. This was our first experience at the restaurant so I tried the oxtails which were very tender and taste great. My husband had the buffet with blackened fish and jerk chicken and enjoyed it. The staff was very friendly and provided excellent service, good portions of food and reasonable prices. We will go back and tell our friends.
JC
Looks can be decieving! It's a little place. I got a Groupon for it tho and wanted to try it. It was like revisiting Jamaica! The food is great! Try the jerk chicken! It's fantastic! The fried chicken is sooooo fresh and good too! Oh! And the coconut curried scallops and shrimp is phenomenal! We will be back!
Service: 3/5 
Slow moving and orders were messed up a bit but staff means well, very friendly and do their best

Food: 5/5 even though the service isn't awesome the good makes up for it. It is absolutely delicious. Definitely try jerk chicken, festivals, and curry goat. 

I really like this place and I highly recommend it
The ox trail here is excellent.  While the entree portions are nut large, they are packed with flavor.  The jerk chicken is swine, right off the grill.  Don't be tempted by the lunch buffet that lounges on the counter.  Order a fresh cooked meal, and you won't regret it.  Also, try the festivals and fried plantains as the side.  They go great together!
Wow! Great flavorful food! We were very impressed!!! We had the Ox Tail, Curry Chicken, fish cakes, rum cake. All homemade and full of flavor!!! Plus Great Service!!! Can't wait to go back and try more!!!
Went to Ocean Blue yesterday for lunch with my wife.  The food was actually very good.  My wife had the classic jerk chicken.  Me, I had the ackee & saltfish.  I appear to have surprised the waiter, as I knew what ackee was, and was trying to explain this to my wife.  Both of us were very pleased with the food.  

It is a casual place, with a big bar, but neither my wife nor I drink.
I suppose I was just surprised to see a single vegetarian item on the whole menu- the veggies plate... which was simply three sides put together. The cost was accordingly diminished, but my husband, a friend and I, all vegetarians, all ended up having the same dish, with slight variations to the sides. The cabbage entree was simply boiled cabbage - no seasoning. The sides were wonderful and rustic and reminded us of a wonderful wonderful meal that a bartender once made us in a hurry in Tortuguero when we couldn't find places to eat late at night. But we didn't walk into a bar at 11 pm to compromise. We are pretty sure the food is all wonderful, but if they added one or two more true veggie entrees or appetizers that could be combined, I'm sure chandler and ahwatukee would notice more.
The food was mediocre. I had high hopes of the food, but was somewhat disappointed. It wasn't nasty,  it was just nothing to write home about.
My first time eating Jamaican food. Absolutely loved it. I had curry shrimp and mango pineapple ginger.  Sauce on the curry dish was so yummy I used the fried banana side dish to eat all the sauce left on my plate.  It wasn't that spicy but when I felt spice on my tongue, I had my ginger drink to take the spice away.

There were so many on the menu I wanted to try. Jerk chicken, Ackee and salt fish, and ox tail.. Ingredients I tried from traveling to other countries before.  Eating here felt like traveling to foreign country without the passport.  Will come back again to try other dishes.
I've been coming here since they first open. Food is always great! I love their fresh made sweet sauce that comes with the shrimp. The mango hotsauce they leave on the table is so good, I had to buy a bottle to take home. My husband loves the curry goat.The staff is always friendly. I will recommend this place to anyone.
Just returning from vacation in Jamaica I was anxious to get more Jamaican food. This place was so good.  All they need is Ting. I will definitely be back. Try the brown stewed chicken with rice and peas and festival. Festival is like it's own little dessert here even though technically it's not. Enjoy!!
My mom and I tried it for the first time last week..thanks to groupon.
The shrimp salad was very crisp and fresh and sizeable.. chicken cassadea and sauce..very tasty. 
We are very picky...but I can say we were pleased with the food, the waiter and the cleanliness...we have since gone back  for chicken stew and festivals, very flavorful..I just had to add a pinch of salt.
Caribbean food, YUM! I have been here three times, two times for the buffet and one time to sit down and eat. I had the jerk chicken with rice and peas and a side of oxtail gravy. I am a sucker for some good grilled chicken, to top that off with some jerk sauce, I might as well been dreaming! 
When you come here and sit down and order, don't plan on getting your food right away, they do it right, they take their time and make sure the food is cooked fresh. Be patient, have a couple drinks, and just chill. 
One thing I would give them as a suggestion, ask what flavor the customer wants their jerk chicken, those of you that have had jerk (anything) you know you can get it mild, medium, or spicy. I like mine SPICY! I don't want to take anything away from the meal that I had, however; this option would have been great AND I probably would have taken some on the plane to take home! 
I'll be back to Phoenix soon and I will definitely make a trip to Ocean Blue! 

Ya 'Mon!
Buffet was good. Jerk chicken, red bean rice, mac and cheese and grilled tilapia. Jerk chicken was tender and flavorful. Fish was a bit.dry but tasty. They ran out of patties. Will have to return to try those.
The carribean food here is consistently good. There is no hit or miss here. Always good!
A lot to love, but a lot also fell short which to me is the true definition of a three star review. In all it was a true food adventure with a few missteps. Disclaimer before you continue I am a true novice to all Caribbean and Jamaican foods.

LOVE: 

*The jerk chicken (YEEZUS!) You'd eat the bones if you could this is a glorious combination of spices cooked perfectly. 

*Ox Tail (Another YEEZUS!) If you'd rather not have something spicy this is by far the best item on the menu it's cooked so tenderly and flavored so well. 

*Festivals (a third YEEZUS! why not?) these are like hush puppies and cornbread but sweeter it is their best side dish. 

NOT LOVE:

*Overpriced and small portions. I understand this is a subjective measure, but that's how I feel. They do have a deal on restaurants.com so it helps a bit, but still I don't think it's good value. 

*Spice levels are not disclosed. The curry goat was fantastic, but with my Americanized tastes it almost killed me I was not expecting so much heat. Be careful ordering anything with a curry "Jamaica hot" is right around where "Thai hot" ranks. 

*Service slower than snails. I like to think it's because the food is cooked that freshly but do be prepared for a lengthy wait. If they do not have fresh fried chicken they will tell you it is a 30 minute wait, but just about everything else takes that long as well.

*Not a good atmosphere. Everything feels old, not dirty, but not superclean either, the place is not well-lit, and it's empty. Perhaps take-out is the way to go. I'd say come for a quick lunch, but like I said it's far from quick.

*starchy sides. The festivals were great (I even said YEEZUS!) but everything else is too starchy, bland, or deep fried to add to the meal. Rice and beans in particular were very underwhelming. 

I'd say try it once but expect some imperfections. Order the right items and have some patience and you will be rewarded.
Always happy to find a new spot to try for lunch and saw a friend had bookmarked Ocean Blue and I asked her if she was up to giving them a try, said yes so made plans for lunch and off we went.

Arrived around 11:45 and already knew I wanted to do the lunch buffet, they have a weekly buffet that changes daily for 7.99, and for that day  it was steamed white rice,  curry chicken, potato salad, and steamed fish. 
 
I tried everything, and I have to say I was pretty excited to try the curry chicken , but sadly I was not able to eat it, it just was too salty to me, the potato salad was perfect and the steamed rice went well with the fish and let's talk about that fish, I did not come to try the fish, it was an afterthought but after I tried the fish, holy cow that was some great fish, also on the table was a unlabeled bottle, I asked what it was and found out it was a pineapple mango pepper sauce , so I put a little with the fish, and BAM! That added some great flavor & heat! If you cannot handle hot stuff, maybe you should stay away from the sauce, but for me it was amazing! Even put it on my rice, so good!

I've only tried the buffet, so I can't attest for the rest of the menu, but I am happy to had found them and look forward to going back.
Was here awhile ago and ate the Aki and saltfish. Great island flavors. They also have a bar, which features island inspired drinks
It's been less than a year since my last review (July).  This is also the first time I've been back since then.  We had a "restaurant.com" certificate to use here.  The certificate is not honored for the buffet, so we ordered off the menu.  I had their fried chicken, my wife had their jerk chicken.

First...the fried chicken is fresh.  It takes 25 minutes because they don't fry it till you order it.  I like that.  When it came out it had an interesting look to it.  This is not the medium brown fried chicken of KFC.  It was a light, almost yellowish, fried chicken.  And it was very tasty.  I liked it.  The jerk chicken was tasty as well, but didn't seem quite right...until we dipped it in the jerk sauce.  Yowza.  Some serious heat there.  But THAT was jerk chicken.

The sides I ordered were vegetables and rice/beans.  The vegetables were a disappointment.  I was told steamed cabbage and carrots (I'm not a fan, but I try to eat healthy stuff anyway).  It was mostly cabbage.  Very little carrots.  The rice/beans were OK.  Nothing special.  The flavor wasn't as robust as I expected.

My wife ordered the rice/beans, and the fried plantains.  She loved the plantains.

Service was sketchy.  Just the one guy behind the bar who tended not to clear tables until someone came in needing a table.  Then he'd stop chatting with whoever was at the bar, clear the table, and seat them.  He also didn't really check on us at all.  Of course, in such a small place I could get his attention easily if I needed.

I think this is worthy of three stars.  If you read my review from a few weeks ago you'll see I really liked Caribbean Spice.  This place is OK, but Caribbean Spice is better.
Jerk chicken is unlike anything I have ever eaten. Be sure to get a breast and a thigh!
We have tried a few different Jamaican restaurants on the west side and I have to say I would and will drive the distance for this place. The food was hot, fresh and incredibly tasty! Service was friendly without being overly friendly. The only negative, if you need the restroom bring a flashlight the lighting is really dim. Can't wait to come back again.
Victoria M. treated a group of us to dinner here over the weekend and I was excited, as I've had Ocean Blue bookmarked for quite some time now. We had a late dinner (7:30) so we were unsurprisingly 1 of 2 tables in the restaurant, which is small but quaint. The service was a little on the slow side, but I'll attribute it to what looked like one server who was also manning the bar. Growing up with a lot of this food, they have a very authentic menu. I opted for the oxtail plate, and the rest of the table had curry goat, curry chicken, and jerk chicken. I would say that the prices are on point for the plates, which came with 2 sides and a hefty serving of the entree. I was very pleased with the oxtail which I ordered with rice & beans and festival. I tried some of my friends jerk chicken and the spice is something to note. They serve the jerk sauce on the side because it is very spicy for unassuming diners. They ran low of some of the sides that were ordered so our server brought out an order of festival on the house (which is so bomb). I don't think we waited too long for our entrees to come out, maybe about 15 minutes. We wrapped up our meal with 2 slices of sweet potato pie which is probably not the American-ized version you are thinking of, but it's delicious nonetheless. I'm glad that I got to cross this off of my bucket list and I would recommend them to someone looking for some good Caribbean food in the valley
So not at all familiar with Jamaican food - but I like this place! They have a slightly different menu each day - so if you're looking for a certain dish I'd call in advance to see if they have it that day. We had the jerk chicken and brown chicken stew - both of which had great spices and nice spiciness - especially the jerk chicken. 

Also the owners are really friendly and accommodating, helping newcomers like us try out a couple of different dishes. We'll be back for the curried chicken (Tues & Thurs) and want to try the curried goat (Saturday).
Great place! The food is great and a good value. 

It's owner operated and you can tell they really care their customers. But don't expect a bunch of Rasta's working there with Reggea blastin in the kitchen;) They are a very nice, clean cut couple. It's in a strip mall so it's not the "coolest" location. It's fairly hidden back behind the Starbucks. 

But if you want to try some great food that's just a little different than the norm, check out Starlight. Mrs. Brown is great about letting you try a sample before you place your order. 

FYI - if your in a huge rush, they tend to operate on island time ;)
I stopped here due to the positive reviews of other Yelpers. I must say, I am a fan! The owners were so friendly. The food was fresh and perfectly spicy.  I am a huge fan of mom & pop food spots, and this one was great!

I had the jerk chicken lunch and a beef patty. The serving was generous and was priced right.

The location is in a strip mall, near Fry's.  Try it, you will enjoy!
We went here because of the other reviews. This place is WONDERFUL! The owners are extremely nice and explain all the different kinds of meat. The food tastes delish.....especially the jerk chicken and ox tail.
Have eaten here 3 times and the food has been excellent each time. Lunch specials are $5 and dinner $10 to $12, portions are big enough that you will not leave hungry. So far we have tried the pepper shrimp appetizer, the Jerk chicken, curry chicken, and the goat. Very friendly owners, always talkative.
Awesome food and service.  I had the jerk chicken...omg. Can I say delicious and spicy.  Love it.
I have eaten quite a bit of Caribbean food over the years, having spent my high school in the islands. The jerk chicken (has a kick!) was excellent and fresh, as was the curry chicken. Patties straight from new York, ginger beer, fried plantains and a number of other island delicacies. It's a treat you don't want to miss. This food is kind of Indian/African influenced home cooking, if that makes any sense. A treat for the mildly adventurous palate!
This mom and pop place is clearly new and hasn't created much atmosphere yet, but the food is tasty, the $5 lunch special is a good value, and the fried plantains were piping hot.
Friendly
We tried this place today because of all of the great reviews it has received here. We were not disappointed. The jerk chicken was mouth watering and the patty was excellent. The service was great and they are extremely nice and friendly. They even gave all three of us a sample of their homemade carrot cake, trust me, you have to try it! We will definitely be going back!
Tried this place based on numerous positive yelp reviews. What a great find! We tried the meat patties and jerk chicken, and everything was delicious with very unique flavors. Also, the server was very friendly, and even gave us samples of some their other dishes. Highly recommended.
Simple and delicious, great people too
Whew! Great Ox Tails in a foreign land.
Although my time in Phoenix was short this was a bright spot in my time there. They are a bit of a drive if you live in the city but totally worth it.
The food was pretty good, the restaurant's ambiance a little lacking - this is obviously a take-out restaurant rather than dining in.  But the star of the show was the owner, who welcomed us in as though we were her guests and spent the entire time there sharing all sorts of tidbits about Jamaican cuisine, things that we knew absolutely nothing about, and suggesting things we might try based on our tastes and experiences.  That alone made it worth the visit.
Very friendly great service.omg eating the beef patty right now so delicious.bread pocket filled with ground meat that is seasoned just right. Slight kick of heat but still tasty.
I have been looking for a good Jamaican restaurant for a long time, specifically one that has beef patties and home made sorrel.  I used to live in New York and they were easy to find there, but not in AZ. I found this restaurant on Yelp last weekend and decided to take the whole family after looking at the menu online. It was a Monday, so we were able to get the jerk chicken plate for $5 for the lunch special. My husband loved the chicken and so did my 5 year old! It had just the right amount of spice. My 2 year old loved the rice and peas. I was very excited that they had home made sorrel as it wasn't listed on the online menu. It was amazing! I ordered a beef patty and a chicken patty; both were good but the chicken patty was definitely better. The staff is extremely friendly and made sure to give us coupons for the next time we come back. I am now recommending this restaurant to anyone I know that enjoys Jamaican food. Get up and go! You won't be disappointed!
Yummy plantains! That's all I've had the chance to try so far. I was tooling around the neighborhood and fell upon the plaza. One of the owners of  the lovely boutique Loveland and I started talking about the area and as I'm new here she recommended a few businesses. I wasn't even hungry but I Who Miss Caribbean Food ran on over. 

I was really impressed with the clean, bright dining room, the smiling ladies (we had a nice chat about old NYC stomping grounds), and the savory smells coming from the kitchen! The menu looks wide-ranging with lots of Caribbean staples and of course plenty of options for vegans.

The shop is only two months old. I'd love to see them do well as there is no Caribbean food, that I've found so far, in the area. So I'll be going back with friends and a full belly next week. Try it out! We need this place!
Retraction. In all fairness, plantains alone do not a 5 star review make. Till I revisit...
The menu is interesting - kicks right off with Goat Curry - I dare you to try it (i was too chicken, i mean i ordered curry chicken instead).
It's colorful and cute.  The food was OK.  I would say that it will get better once they are doing higher volume, it was obviously not prepared immediately before we were served (most of these foods do stew all day anyway in all fairness) but it wasn't served piping hot.  
I couldn't tell if the rice was supposed to have a smokey flavor. (probably?)  The plantains were yummy.  

I'm really torn on the rating for this one.  The ladies that run the place are charming and they are clearly in startup mode.  I WANT to be a huge fan of this place, but not yet.   But if it's near your hood definitely check it out!
I couldn't help constantly comparing it in my mind to Havana Cafe-and I think for the price and overall experience and exquisite flavors they've got em beat right now.  3 1/2 stars if there was that rating.
Some people may call this place in incomplete.. the hand painted signage on the windows that some use on their cars, the  patio tables for seating inside.. the empty feel it has. I, however, think it was on purpose. Some way, somehow, it causes instant relaxation. The brightly colored walls combined with the patio furniture really did calm me down and allow us to enjoy a two hour conversation without ever being pushed to leave. Hell, we didn't even get our bill until the wonderful Matt C. asked if we could pay. I've been wanting to get to this place for ages, but just never found the right time or occasion. It happened to be perfect earlier this week for dinner with a friend after I was picked up from the airport. 

The food description Matt C. described is accurate so I'll elaborate on other points. The menu, which we both took pictures of once we saw Goat Curry listed, is small and interesting. It leaves me wanting to come back, and yes, next time, I will be getting the goat curry. I'm sure you are all lining up to come with for my 2nd visit now. 

I had the jerk chicken with rice, plantains, and a side of vegetable (I had two to choose from - steamed eggplant or bok choy). It was very delicious. The rice was slightly dry and not very flavorful, and wasn't my favorite, but it was a nice addition to the jerk chicken, which had some decent spice to it, actually probably a little more than the curry from what I remember. 

The plantains, oh the sweet plantains were PHE NOM IN AL!!!!!! Well worth it.  In addition we had a side of roti for the curry order and it was some delicious bread. Probably the best bread I've had aside form nan. Why do other countries make bread so much better than us? Is it because we all try to swear ourselves off of carbs?

To drink, I had pink ting. I know, not surprising. It was a carbonated pink grapefruit beverage using Jamaican pink grapefruit, bottled in Jamaica, but a product of Canada. That made me giggle, but it was delicious. And, well, the name itself makes it worthy.

Overall, this place was reasonably priced, and allowed us to enjoy our meal slowly, and talk for hours afterwards. The staff is truly genuine. If you're in the area, I'd definitely stop here. 

The food is a 3, but the atmosphere is a 4, and I'm giving A Taste of the Caribbean benefit of the doubt.
I drove by last night and noticed the sign and decided I needed to check it out. So I stopped by for a late lunch and was the only one in the place which made for some nice time to chat with the owner and her mother, who was the one whipping up the great food in the kitchen. 

They've only been open since February and had relied on fliers and the painted signs on the windows to attract customers. While I was there, supremely enjoying the chicken curry roti, a few other people came in because they drove by and saw the sign. 

I couldn't decide between the jerk chicken or the curry for my roti, so I was given samples of both. I thought the jerk chicken was a little too hot for me, but the curry still was able to clear out my sinuses. Wow - slow burn! I was told they could tone down the heat upon request. I'm not sure I'd want to ruin the experience, though. 

The menu looked interesting - goat curry, oxtail - along with the jerk and the curry options. I opted for the guava nectar to drink (so yummy!). 

This is in my neighborhood so I'll definitely be back to try some more. The atmosphere was comfortable and I was encouraged to linger longer, but I needed to get on with my day. The food and the music piped in made me feel like I took a mini-vacation. Nice.
The food is INCREDIBLE!!!!!  The girl at the counter was very nice and very helpful, however the food took forever and the place was quite uncomfortable.  I would definitely recommend eating there, just make sure you are not in a hurry.
You've got to go way faar back to dee islaaaands for dis kinda food mon, NO WAAY Mon! You can get it riiight heeer.

As a fan of Jerk Chicken and Plantains, I must say this place does it up right! This small quaint food joint comes with colorful surroundings, excellent service, smiles, yummy food, and the sweetest little lady behind the counter. Accent and all, they serve up the best Jerk Chicken Ive had in a while. A fair warning, this Jerk Chicken definitely has a kick! It bites you when you least expect it. this place COMPLETELY satisfied my craving for Jerk Chicken and Plantains. Which by the way I was told they do serve the green plantains if you ask for them! YUMM-O! I do believe this place will be a weekend ritual.
If you're in the mood for a foodie adventure, I've got just the thing. A trip to the Caribbean! Head on over to Tempe and enter A Taste of the Caribbean restaurant. The bright yellow and green walls, red floor and outdoor furniture will make you feel like you've arrived. It's kind of scruffy and laid back - this is not the place to come for a quick bite. First of all, you have to make the tough decision about what to order. Oxtails or goat? Jerk chicken, of course, or do you want the milder brown stew chicken? Fish? There's snapper, tilapia, and shrimp. The menu is divided up into Caribbean Favorites, Friday and Saturday Menu, Lunch Specials, Rice Bowl Specials and Plate Specials. If all this has your head spinning, you're not alone. Our server, part of the family who own and run the place, seemed equally confused. But she was charming. Just accept it, and the slow service as part of the experience - don't worry, be happy.

     We ordered oxtails ($11.95) and Eggplant Curry Shrimp ($9.95). The oxtails, in a brown sauce, were fall-off-the-bone tender, fatty, as oxtails are, and totally delicious. The accompanying plantains were caramelized and a little crunchy. Perfection. A huge mound of rice and peas filled the center of the plate - moist and beautifully seasoned. And finally, a side of cabbage. There must have been a little sugar in the cooking pan, because it was sinfully delicious. Served on the side was a basket of roti, a homemade flatbread, similar to a flour tortilla but much softer. It was so hot we burned our fingers trying to pull off a piece. We had finished off the oxtails when the eggplant dish arrived (they were supposed to have come out together - it's a good thing we like to share). Be forewarned, this curry is not for the faint-of-mouth. I wasn't expecting the degree of heat - my nose started running and my eyes watered. But it was pure bliss, with flavor layered on flavor. The shrimp were perfectly cooked, although I wouldn't have minded a few more, and the eggplant was so tender it was almost melting into the gravy. There were also some pieces of potato, which had not been mentioned on the menu, hiding in there. The heap of rice and peas helped mitigate some of the heat. As you might have gathered, between the roti, the plantains, the rice and peas,and the potatoes, this is a carb-lovers paradise.

     Two odd things: a wide variety of Caribbean sodas are sold here, but no ice tea. And the rest rooms are in a different building than the restaurant.

     The only disappointment was dessert. I got a pineapple tart to take home (I couldn't have eaten another carb if my life depended on it). Our server had said it was the best of the two desserts available. Uh-oh. The tart was really bad - a smidgen of decent pineapple filling wedged between layers of leaden dough, tough and greasy. I was glad I hadn't eaten it at the restaurant, because it would have put a bad ending onto an otherwise extraordinary meal.
I was really excited to try this restaurant, and tonight my husband and I came and ordered food to take-out. The service was very friendly and the store was clean, cute, and colorful...but the food was very disappointing. My husband ordered the curry chicken, and although it tasted okay, he literally almost choked on tiny bones in the meat 4 or 5 times. I asked ahead of time if they used white meat and was told yes, but the "Calypso Pasta" I ordered had tiny, tiny pieces of dark meat jerk chicken...instead of the boneless white strips I was expecting, and really it was just mediocre. I'm bummed I wanted to like this place.
We've eaten here twice and I hope other people will give it a shot. When we eat here we feel as if we've been invited over to someone's house for dinner. The proprietor goes out of her way to make sure everyone is being looked after and that the food is up to standard. The curries are wonderful and so is the jerk chicken, the goat, all fish and shrimp, the side dishes (including rice, eggplant, roti, plantains). 

The food is definitely cooked while you wait, so it takes time, but is definitely worth the wait. The only thing that needs improvement is the tables and chairs. It's a bit like patio furniture in is mismatched. I'm sure this will change with time.
We have dined here twice now and we loved it both times. Yes they have some bugs to work out but the food is great. The owner is very nice and is very interested in making sure your happy with your meal.  Interesting menu and modestly priced. I can assure you we will be back for sure.
So I was taking Jon S. and our friend James to Hot Pot but were extremely disappointed when we made the trek and saw they were closed for "vacation". Intent on carribbean food for dinner, we quickly yelped aTotC and made our way down. 

Tucked into a little shopping center, I found the bright walls and home-y feel of the place very welcoming. We had a seat and took a look at the menu. I was a little unsure since there are items such as "jerk quesadilla" and "crispy tofu" on the menu, but aTotC pens itself as a healthy caribbean restaurant, so I bought in. 

I was super excited that they had beef patties, but was a little disappointed that they weren't the "standard" beef patty I'm used to getting from Jamaica/Florida, but they were good and flavorful nonetheless. 

I WAS SO EXCITED THAT THEY HAD 1 BOTTLE OF KOLA CHAMPAGNE LEFT! I graciously shared it with my 2 friends ;-p but seriously, that stuff is like crack. 

Jon and I ordered the oxtail, while James had the jerk chicken. The rice and peas weren't what I was used to, but they were good and went great with the oxtail. The plantains were green as she said so they were crisp and fry-like, which was different but good. 

All in all, this is definitely a place I would to come again, and the owner was very sweet and they definitely appreciate their customers. Keep in mind it's a little pricey though, a soda, patty, and entree cost me $20.
Inspired by Nikki Buchanan's review of this place in the AZ republic today, I ventured out on my lunch hour, hopeful and enthusiastic about a great sounding lunch.  I arrived at 11:20 and was stupefied by the surroundings.  6 tables with enough space for 4 were spread out over a largish space, and a bright red sofa sat in a corner.  However, the walls are painted multiple colors, and not in a oh what a pretty rainbow sort of way, but more of a damn we ran out of this color oh well lets just toss up another kinda way.  Normally this wouldn't bother me, but it wasn't until 11:29 that I was even greeted, and 11:32 I was seated, so I had plenty of time to look around and nitpick.  BTW, there were 3 other people in the restaurant!  Ridiculous.  I was thankful I beat whoever was behind my be mere seconds walking in, who wound up waiting so long after me he switched from a dine-in to take-out order.

With that negative bit out of the way, I was ready to dig in to the oxtail entree, $11.99, so glowingly praised.  Braised to a wonderful degree, it had great texture, flavored in a brown sauce with very slight garlic undertones, and the marrow/cartilage/fat bits were the perfect sidekicks to the meat.  The accompanying rice with peas were great, and even the cabbage had a wonderful tenderness to it.  The plantains were crispy, sweet, and the perfect finishing note to my meal.  

So why the 2 stars?  Well, the opening service, and that I received my iced tea about 10 minutes into my meal with half of it gone.  If they were swamped, I'd understand, but there were 5 of us in the 50 or so minutes I was there.  Everyone was asked if they wanted a receipt and everyone said no, due to I believe a fear of wasting even more time.

So in summary, the food was delicious but the service so bad I don't know if I would go back, and I don't think I have ever said that before.
This place could have been my closer to home version of Hot Pot, but it just doesn't cut it.  Service was slow, the food was alright but wasn't exceptional.  Having non-english speakers working for you is one thing if you hide them in the back but having them bring our food and not knowing what the word "sweet n low" is (brought us sugar) and not knowing how to pronounce the dishes he brought to us is just not the best way to do things.  

I had the curry goat which was decent.  It was not fall of the bone tender like I prefer those style of dishes but it had good flavor.  I think the sauteed cabbage was over-cooked and too soggy.  The ice tea we ordered was pre-sweetened which would have been nice to know beforehand.  It also was $2 on the menu but $3 on the bill.  

I haven't had any luck with places in this shopping center.  Tom's BBQ is an insult to people with taste buds, and SomeBurro is average at best.  Maybe I'll give the place another shot but not before I try some new places and I get tired of driving over to Hot Pot.
Love, love, love A Taste of the Caribbean! The braised oxtails are heavenly, succulent and fall off the bone tender. They had me audibly moaning with delight the entire meal. The plantains and braised cabbage on the side were perfect sides, and the rice with pigeon peas was perfect for sopping up all that oxtail sauce. 

The jerk chicken was also fantastic, but since I was so busy hoarding my oxtails I didn't get to try much of it. The jerk was smoky, spicy, and highlighted the chicken instead of overpowering it. Same sides, so at least we didn't have to fight over those. 

Make sure to try the hibiscus flower drink (sorrel) with cloves floating in it. It accompanies the earthy, spicy flavor palate of the meat well and is very similar to the jicama offered up at Mexican joints.

The atmosphere of this place is wonderfully warm and inviting. The eclectic and bold paint decorating the walls is very reminiscent of the Caribbean, and the faux-rattan chairs help with the vibe too. There's also a couch against one side of the restaurant that is kind of out of place, but who am I to judge decor? Nothing in my house matches. 

In that respect it's kind of like being invited over to a friend's house for dinner and having her mom whoop up some of the most amazing ethnic food you never get at your Kraft mac n cheese house. It's clearly a family owned joint with all ages bumming around the kitchen. Kiddos bring out water, adolescents with hip hop ring tones take your order, and the matriarchs keep them all in line. It's energetic and engaging and utterly delicious. 

Next time I need leave room for the cassava or coconut cake! (Much harder to do than you may think. Trust me.)

Oh, they also have some interesting breakfast options like smoked fish and such. Don't worry, they also have regular old eggs on the menu. Check it out one morning for something outside of the norm!
We finally got over to Taste of the Caribbean this evening. I was really looking forward to it after reading so many glowing reviews. 

The bad: service was slow and not attentive. There was only one other group in there, so I am not sure why this was so. They did not even give our son a glass of water until we asked about halfway through the visit. After waiting for some time I did finally get one refill. Also, is it my imagination or does this place have no restrooms?

The good: food is darn good. My wife had jerk fish and raved about it. I had jerk chicken and at first I was not overly impressed. But the flavors are just more subtle than I am used to in this type of food, and by the fourth bite was was sold. The sides were great--rice and peas, plantains and what I guess is stewed cabbage. Very excellent. 

I'm really wanting to give it three and a half stars---2 for service and four or five for the food.
If you want to understand the meaning of eating unbelievably spicy foods in a horrendously hot environment to actually make your body feel cooler, than you should come here to eat.  

We came here with a couple of friends while we were in a somewhat adventurous mood.  I don't typically love spicy food, but I am definitely a fan of the cajun/jerk style of spicy.  I ordered some sort of jerk chicken pasta dish, but I can't remember the name.  The chicken was a tiny bit dry and the pasta was a tad overcooked, but nothing that would ruin a dish.  Unfortunately for me, the jerk part of it was so incredibly spicy that after a couple of bites I was sweating profusely and my nose insisted on running while I was trying to eat.  It was literally so hot I could only take a couple more bites without tears coming out of my eyes.  Now I know that I am a bit of a wuss when it comes to spicy, but I can handle some heat.  This was just a full on inferno that you expect only from hell.

All that being said, I did feel cooler on a particularly hot AZ day.  I didn't hate the food, it was just too spicy for me.  If you love spicy, this is your place.  If you don't, well, I don't suggest you order anything with the word jerk in the description.
Now THIS is good Caribbean food.  We wandered in a little after noon, and the place was empty... Four tables, and the nice lady who runs the place.  I could tell right away that this was going to be authentic.

I ordered the curry goat, and washed it down with a bottle of Kola Champagne.  It was just like old times, when I was offered curry goat by a Jamaican woman I knew in New York:
"Would you like some curry goat?"
"I don't particularly care for goat."
"Have you had curry goat?"
"No."
"You're having some curry goat."
Yes, curry goat is delicious.  This curry goat definitely met expectations, with a hearty flavor, and very tender.  It had the texture of a good pot roast.  And it had some potatoes mixed in, which taste great when soaked in curry goat juice.

The plate also came with some rice, some of the most delicious plantains I've had, as well as a green salad I could have done without, but ultimately appreciated because I really should eat my vegetables.

No, they're not the fastest place, but it's really like eating home-cooked Caribbean food.  And you don't go eat at someone's house and expect their service to be the most efficient, do you?

The essence of this place was perfectly captured by my coworker, who after I mentioned it might be added to the rotation, said, "F@#k the rotation, I'm eating here every day!"
Jerk-style caribbean fare, and very tasty. It's a family style resturant with the complete home cooked atmosphere. Be warned that the food preparation takes a little while but the service is very good and friendly. 

*does not serve coke, but has some caribbean imports.
My first visit with a friend and won't be our last.  I had the oxtails and my friend had the jerk fish (talapia).  We sampled each others and both agreed they were delish!   The oxtails were so tender and the rice, cabbage and plantains was also very tasty.  It's close to home too!
Came here on a Tuesday night for a birthday dinner with some friends. We had the entire place to ourselves. The waitress was friendly and let us move the tables together. They didn't charge us automatic gratuity or complain about seperate checks.

ToC gets points for serving filtered water. I appreciate that so much, and no need for lemon wedges to mask the taste of AZ tap water. 

The server was friendly and attentive and kept our waters full and answered all our questions. She even let my friend sample the oxtails before ordering.Took a little while for the food to come out, but I am used to that at places like this.  All the dishes looked amazing and smelled mouthwatering good! I ordered the curry chicken with an extra side of plantain (i'm part naija and thus a plantain addict) and roti-which is a kind of flatbread. My chicken came with rice and black beans, a few plantain and tender, well seasoned cabbage, all excellent. The chicken was fall off the bone good, flavorful with just the right amount of heat and just plain tasty! The roti was a hot basket of a big folded tortilla-like bread. Really good for soaking up the sauce on my plate. Eveyone was pleased with their food, I could tell because their was a nice lull in the conversation! We relaxed and ate until we couldn't anymore. After we were done eating, the owner, Paula, came and checked on us and thanked us for coming in. She was very nice and I hope that ToC sticks around. I need this kind of food nearby.

ToC is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and serves their breakfast items all day, which is a bonus to me.  They also serve a variety of vegetarian dishes which look good to an omnivore such as myself. For more timid folks, there are pasta, salads and quesedilla on the menu too. They also do takeout, and quite a few people came in for to-go orders while we were there. The space is small and cute, with bright gold walls and a mural, there is a small love seat to wait on.

I could easily see eating here once a week, lol, as I love good Jamaican style food. I already have added the oxtails, jerk, brown stew and green banana dishes on my list of must try items. As well as the patties, which the server said run out by noon. They are made by hand everyday and I can't wait to try them.
Cute interior, tasty jerk chicken.  This small little restaurant serves up big portions of hearty Caribbean foods with very friendly service.  My only nit-picky thing was that the chicken, while tasty, did have a little too much salt for my tastes.
very friendly wait staff... the jerk chicken salad was fabulous beef patties sucked really bummer because that is my go to appetizer at carribean food spots all in all worth a stop through if you want carribean food in tempe I'm sure the other items are great
Having tried the great food offered at Hot Pot, I decided to give this restaurant a try. I arrived for lunch on a saturday and was fortunate to be the only and maybe first customer for the day so I was able to actually chit-chat with the owner and meet her mother. This was definitely not a Jamaican restaurant and the big mural of Guyana, painted by a sister as well as the menu reflected the name of the restaurant. Beside the usual fare, there was roti and even a rice-bowl which probably alluded to size and nothing asian. My food was brought out by Salvador, the chilango chef who has obviously been trained by the owner's mom. I ordered the Ox-tail as well as the Brown Stew Chicken, both both rice & peas. I decided to get an order of curried goat as well as jerk chicken to go.
The portions were impressive and I was already warned that the rice & peas varied according to the peas/beans they chose to use on a particular day. Today....it was great. The ox-tail was good although not as impressive as Hot Pot.  As for the brown stew chicken...well...that's always a staple on jamaican/caribbean menus and I have always avoided ordering it, just because there is nothing in the name that suggests anything exotic or special. I left, still wondering "What is Brown Stew Chicken?". Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the meal. It tasted decent, like chicken should; served in a gravy/sauce which is probably the "stewed"  part of the name, and since I don't really have any references to compare it to,  suffice it to say, I would be comfortable whipping it up on my won after following any online recipe. Both meals were served with steamed & seasoned cabbage which was delicious. I have yet to try the other 2 dishes I purchased which I will eat later today. I was told that they will prepare jerk pork and the guyanese speciality, "Pepperpot" if given sufficient notice. I am looking forward to trying both.  Overall, I enjoyed my meals and plan on returning to sample all the items on the menu.
This restaurant was the first one I tried when I moved to Tempe. I had spent 6 weeks in the Bahamas and though the regions are not the same there is some similarity--and I was craving Bahamian food. I was hoping there might be some crossover that would satisfy my craving.

I have since been the restaurant many times and every time it's fantastic. The baked goods are amazing--they melt in your mouth! The family that runs the store is so friendly and every time I go in I have a conversation with someone.

I highly recommend the lunch fish sandwich and the plantains. My friends love the Ox Tail and the smells this place emits is almost as good as the food.

Totally worth trying!
Nice place for a date. It is small, very few tables but the food is wonderful. I have to say it took a while for the food to come to our table but it was worth the wait. Food was a little under temperature but still good. I would go back again.
If you want to go by food only it's a 5/5. However, I have to take it down one for its overtly unprofessional atmosphere. One guy called it "too authentic" and he's kind of right. If you come for lunch, be warned, it's an extremely limited menu. As mentioned in other reviews, the food is slow to come out, but that's because all of it is pretty much cooked to order, so at least it will always taste fresh.

Going back to the atmosphere, like said in other reviews, it looks like a cross between an insurance office and somebody's outdoor patio furniture moved indoors. The restaurant is basically run by a family, so the accents and food are very authentic.

Summary: If you're in the mood for some tasty authentic Caribbean food, look no further. If you want some place efficient or fancy to impress a date, look elsewhere.
This place is a real treasure in the Tempe and the West Valley. It's a family-run place it appears - I've glimpsed a grandmotherly figure in the back kitchen watching the pots.

I like Caribbean food, but it's not one of my all-time favorite cuisines. Plus, it's run by Guyanans, and I've never really thought of Guyana as having Caribbean food, though of course if you look at the map it makes sense. Thank goodness I decided to give it a try. This ranks among some of the tastiest Caribbean food I've ever had.

The menu is varied and authentic. Basically there's three preparation methods - curry, jerk, and Guyanese specialties. These can be served over rice or with Roti (that's the Indian influence in Guyana). You also pick chicken, fish, goat, or veggie. The curry is amazing, with rice or with roti - and it's good cuts of chicken (a mix or brown and white) - not leftover parts you get in other similar inexpensive places. The specialties are also great - try the Brown Stew or Pepper Pot.

I've had three or four items now, sometimes the lunch bowls (cheap!) and other times the dinner plates with rice and vegetable slaw included. I've never had a bad experience. I should also mention that the people are relentlessly friendly and helpful, and the eating area is spotless and painted in festive Caribbean colors and murals.
A great find in the desert.  

A Caribbean food place that taste like the real thing.  Having searched for a "true" Caribbean food restaurant in the area for a long time, I finally found this place.  On this particular day, I refused to end up at a franchise spot where I would have wallowed sadly at an unfulfilling lunch.

The Curry Goat HIT the spot.  I finally realized that I had been hungry for weeks and nothing satiated my hunger until I ate here (Not strange right? considering that I am from the Caribbean)

The cook is a grandma so she knows how to cook it like is should be.

Nothing can vex me about the food here.
This is my 2nd time dining in here.  The 1st time with my 2 younger daughters: we had Jerk chicken which comes with rice/beans, plantains, and veggie.  This time I had curried chicken with same sides and the veggies was this BOMB braised cabbage/carrot sweet mixture with a hint of cinnamon or something.  The portion is phenomenal!  Oh did I mention that i am pregnant so I am NEVER willing to sacrifice taste or flavor lol.  I only had to wait about 5-10min for my hot yummy plate.  I sat watching CNN, chatting with the daughter about the news and how great the food was. Very cozy atmosphere!  I am from the Bay so I can tell you just how hard it is to find authentic mom & pop restaurants like this who simply cook it up.  This is a hard working family who is just trying to keep their business and dream alive in a horrible economy.

OH did I mention I had THE BEST homemade sorrel too!! damn my mouth is watering just writing about this all over again.  go with a hungry belly, patience, and a kind heart ;)
Cute little place right off of Baseline about a mile or two down from the Arizona Mills mall. The owners/servers were very kind and helpful and playfully giggling at me as I was trying to figure out what to order. This was my first time EVER having Caribbean food. I was a little apprehensive but my friend assured me I would enjoy it. 

I ordered the Jerk Chicken dinner meal. It took about 1/2 an hour for my meal to arrive; it was WORTH the wait. They cook everything to order so it DOES take some time to prepare; just be patient. Anyhow, this "Jerk" chicken was absolutely delicious!!! I was pleasantly surprised!! And I do NOT like dark meat chicken or spicy food but whatever they did to this cancelled all of that out!! My lips and face were on fire afterwards but dang...it was SO worth it!!! The other stuff with this chicken was so dang good I wanted more. It came with some sort of rice with beans in it, some sort of cole slaw type of vegetable salad, and...the best part...PLANTAINS. I have never had plantains until today and I left wanting to take an entire ORDER home with me. They taste like bananas but with a different kind of flare. DEeeeeellliccccioussss!!!! 

I have a feeling everything they cook is delicious. I will definitely be back the next time I am in Tempe/Phoenix.
GREAT food and I would definitely recommend it for carry out.  This is about as authentic as it gets.  A long wait for your food can be expected, but is well worth the wait.   However, I'm deducting 1 point for service and another for atmosphere.  

We recently stopped in for lunch, and were the only guests.  When placing our orders, the server seemed annoyed that we had come in.  It felt like we were interupting something very important that was taking place in the back.  We did not receive our drink order until our food arrived about 25 minutes after we ordered.  It would not have seemed as long had it not been for the terrible atmosphere.

The dining room is very bright with tall ceilings, so sounds echo very easily.  Some other people stopped in for lunch, and we all spoke very softly to not share our conversations with each other.  If they'd turned on some music, it would have been much less uncomfortable.  They did have a TV on, but it was muted.  

I think with a few minor adjustments to the front of house staff and the atmosphere, this place could definitely earn a 5 star rating.  They've definitely got the food for it!
This place is so good. We got the ox tail stew and jerk chicken. Both were amazing. The people that work there are very nice and helpful. Jus ask them if you have any questions. There isn't much 'ambiance', but really, who cares, the food is amazing.

Definetely check this place out.
Do you like tender, fall-off-the-bone stewed meats that are rich with flavorful spices and unique to the average palette?   If so, then you should pick a night you don't have much going on and head over to A Taste of the Caribbean.  My roomie and I have been here a handful of times and are always happy with our visit.  

Things to try:
Jerk Chicken
Goat Curry
Brown Stew Chicken
Beef Patties (not sure why they call them that though)
Yucca dessert - tastes coconutty!

Notes:
They are on their own clock so don't be in a hurry!
I wish they'd have some music playing instead of the TV all the time.  That'd match the colorful design a bit more.  
Sometimes the beef patties are too dry but I like them anyway! lol

Now that I'm writing about it... I kinda wanna go again!  I wanna get their oxtail... they were in between batches when I tried to order it last time.  

See ya there.
I was in the Tempe area visiting friends.  We had been to several restaurants that were decent, but nothing special.  i was sort of tired of "New Americana" (this style restaurant seems to be in abundance in this area).  My boyfriend and i wanted something different and good so we turned to Yelp for some advice.

As soon as I walked in, I knew it was going to be good.  There were maybe 5 tables and the atmosphere was super laid back.  There are only a few different meals on the menu, but you can get each dish with a variety of meat (or order it vegetarian).  

Looking at the decor, I  felt like I was in my grandmother's home in the Dominican Republic.  The staff is really nice and the food was so fresh.  Our meals came with plantains and I could immediately smell the sweetness of the plantains coming from the kitchen.

If I'm ever in the area, I will definitely stop by again!
I live in Tempe and have been here more times than I can remember. Once I realized there was a Jamaican Food Spot near me, I was so happy!

The food is good, but not consistent. Once my curry chicken was dry (meaning not enought curry sauce) but it still tasted very good. Another time, the shorted me on the shrimp, and another time there was a different combo of veggies in my Curry Shrimp than before, and another time,I was really hungry and I opened my box to take a bite before I left and plantains were missing!! WHAT!! They were out and did not bother to mention that before I paid for my food. I didn't like that at all. As a matter of fact, I ordered an additional side of plantains that day so they had to refund my money since I had paid for something they did not have!! 

The front of the house would be alot better if they did play some music and had a friendly person working the counter. Each time I go it is someone different and they do not seemed pleased to service. Once there was a little girl (maybe somewhere between 9-12 yrs old) who took my order, she charged me for a cup of ice water. Not bottled water, but a cup of ice water. An adult walked in and took over as I was prompted to pay and removed the charge. This is Arizona, it's June, you don't charge for a cup of ice water especially when I'm ordering almost 30$ worth of food from your establishment. 

Other than that, the food is good. I will continue to patronize however , I will be vocal about what I want and ask up front if plantains are in the house?! :)
As the others have mentioned, the decor and service are a bit lacking, we have to agree. The Nanny was on TV when we ate here last Friday night. At 7:30pm we were the only table. We counted no fewer than 7 employees (including children who helped serve us).

I started with a ginger beer. I didn't know what it was before I ordered, but it was so strong I couldn't drink it. The (head?) waitress later asked if it was too strong and I said yes. She brought a to-go cup and told me to put half ginger beer and half water together at home.

I had the goat curry. It was amazing. Super tender and flavorful; just watch for the tiny bones. The oxtail was sold out. Hubby had the jerk chicken which was moist with a bit of a kick. 

Sides were rice, a warm cabbage slaw, and plantains. Overall, we thought the food was excellent for the price, but it's really not a great date place.
Fall off the bone perfect flavored jerk chicken. Off the beaten path a bit, decor is nothing special, but the food is a 10!! The little jamaican ladies always come out and ask how the food is. So nice that they ask. 
They do take their time getting your food out, but anyone that has been to the carribean knows....well thats just how it is. Always worth the wait.
I'll be back time and time again!
Good but not great Caribbean food.  The jerk chicken was definitely not spicy enough, but the patties were outstanding.  Hot Pot is better, but still not a bad choice if you are nearby.
This is legit, Carribean food. And I know, because I used to live in the Carribean. It's absolutley delicious. I always get the curried chicken (which is NEVER dry, always the most plump meat) The rice and beans are perfect, just as if you were eating them in any of the carribean islands. The lunch bowl special (any meat you like, curried or jerk, with rice and beans, sweet plantains and coleslaw) is a great deal; at under $7, it comes with so much food! (at least for a 130 lb woman) I couldn't finish it, though I sure wanted to. You can get the special I believe between 11 and 3pm. The cook is an older Guyanese woman, who definitely brought a taste of her homeland to Az!
Omg!!! The food was outstanding!!. A small but charming place... I recommend it!!!! My best meal on this trip...
Wow, things really do change quite a bit in a year and a half!  The service issues are still there but not nearly as bad, oxtail continues to rock my world, goat curry very good, last thing I had here was their escovitch, which was an amazing preparation of fish, it somehow had the sinus-clearing sensation of wasabi with some sour and sweet tones.  Their sides of cabbage, rice, beans, plantains continue to seduce.  Their ginger beer mixed with their sorrell drink just might be my favorite new drink in the last 2 years, its worth a trip just to try it.  4 well deserved star update!
Came here for takeout.  I was feent out (yes, I said feent out) for some Caribbean food (other than my own).  And the Caribbean restaurants are few and far between out here.  On top of that, I'm a veggie.  So I was excited when I learned of a spot that touts healthy Caribbean food.

As a Caribbean girl, I wanted to love this place, but...
CONS: Curry Tofu was not as firm as I like, spicy but lacking seasoning to balance it out, only 3 slivers of plantain.
PROS: Large serving sizes, clean, homey, friendly hosts, late hours, Caribbean map drawn on the wall :)

I will definitely give them another shot, as I know many people don't know how to cook tofu properly.  Since they are Guyanese, I'll give the vegetable roti a try next time.
To start, let me just say Tempe is not a food haven.  I don't think this area around Phoenix is one in general.  Therefore you shouldn't have too much expectation out of this.  Sure it has a decent share of Greek/Mediterranean joints, but to see a Caribbean place here.....my head told me it could have been really bad or really good.  Thankfully, some yelp reviews leaned me towards the good side, and with the limited options around, how could I go wrong?

So I took a 10 min walk over from the Embassy Suites and got an order to go.  The moment I walked in, I noticed people weren't kidding.....theres a strange arrangement of jewelry displayed and a bunch of empty tables.  I wasn't sure I was even in the right place.  And then the nice old lady looked up to me and asked what I'd like.  That's when I realized I was in the right place.  For a second, I thought they were closed, but I took a few moments to look at the menu (as if I hadn't already studied the reviews on yelp prior), and made a gesture to get the ox tail.  Jerk chicken was close in the race, but something told me I wanted the good stuff...something to erase my experience with Garcias the night before.  

The family running the business was really nice and the old lady was really sweet.  We chatted a bit while I waited for the food and before I knew it, I was on my way storming home to devour my meal.

The ox tail was really nicely flavored and stewed perfectly.  I'm not sure if they had a pot of it going, or it got taken out of the fridge and reheated, but in any case, it tasted good.  The rice and beans were complimenting and wasn't too greasy as I was worried it would be.  The collard greens came in what almost tasted like gravy but it worked really well and tasted delicious.  Plantains.....I think were my fault since they probably got too soggy from sitting in the to go box for 10 mins.  

But its nice to try something somewhat different in a strange little town here in Tempe.  And its great to know that Taste of the Caribbean did just that.
I came here with my friend Tom as part of our adventurous food tour of Phoenix :-P The place is cute, very small and colorful. The woman who worked there (owner?) was friendly and helpful...she answered all of my questions regarding the menu. She told me the Jerk was the spiciest, followed by the curry, then the stew I believe. So we ordered Jerk chicken and goat curry. So here was the problem. None of the food was the least bit spicy. Like...not spicy....at all. Second problem: There were A LOT of bones in the food...like choking hazard....I would cut off the smallest piece of meat and somehow it would have like 2-3 bones in it...who even knew that many bones existed in chicken or goat? The flavors were alright, but nothing special. Vaguely like Indian food. The rice and beans tasted alright, but some of the beans were undercooked. The plantains were good, or at least the ones on my plate, but they were inconsistent, as the ones on Tom's plate were soggy and not cooked enough. We each ended up paying, with tip and all, 15$...that is ridiculous for the quality of food we received. I feel bad for saying it but I probably would not go back....sorry guys!
I had a serious craving for Roti.  So glad I found this place.  A very small menu selection but it had exactly what I wanted.  The serving for $8.20 after tax is enough for 2 meals.  I know where to go from now on for a great meal with leftovers.  This is a noteworthy place to bring my Uncle T.J. who's a Trini when he comes to visit.
Had the goat curry.  Came with some red beans and rice, plantains, and cabbage. Was very good.  Had a lot of tiny bones in it so watch out for that.  Dad had the jerk fish.  Great flavor and they don't hold back the spice.   A bit pricey and the service was a bit awkward.  Will go again.  Going to try the chicken next.
ever since coming back from guyana, i have craved the unique curry flavor only that country has. the channa (chickpeas), goat curry, vegetable roti have all left a longing that i've only found in the suburbs of Atlanta. 

that all changed last week when a guyanese i work with came running to me, excitement beaming from his eyes "here nah man...me done found dis place fuh yuh get da roti....gon get me un too". and so it was i went to Taste of Caribbean. 

as others have mentioned, it's not much to look at. very simple but clean. but when i walked in and smelled that curry cooking, i knew i wouldn't be disappointed. since i don't eat meat anymore, my choice was vegetable or tofu roti. they offer goat, oxtail, fish, chicken, and beef choices as well as the lovely sorrel and ginger beer drink. 

it takes a while...about 25 minutes for a vegetable roti and a chicken roti (for my guyanese co-worker). i spent that time conversing with the owners sister about guyana while trying not to drool on myself from the delicious aroma coming from the kitchen. 

in the end, i got my roti. it was enormous! bigger than a chipotle burrito. stuffed to the rim with soft chickpea, onion, and potatoe. i couldn't stand it. as soon as i arrived home, i sliced it in half and shared it with the wife. 

cost is 8.95 for the vegetable roti, but it was worth it. i can't wait to go back and get my next guyanese fix!
I am partly Caribbean and hail from New Jersey.  I have only been in the Tempe area  for about three weeks.  As I was heading to the bank this past Saturday, guess what I saw? A Caribbean place nestled in a cute shopping center in Tempe.

I immediately made the right turn into the complex and headed straight for the food.  The woman that greeted me was rather nice and I soon found out that she is from Brooklyn; we did our East Coast bonding and then I ordered the Chicken curry roti.  It took a while to come out, but it was worth the wait.  It was in deed huge, packed with curried chicken and potatoes.  The flavor was nice, although I have had better in NYC and Toronto.  It was not as spicy as I remember it being in other places, but I will just ask for spicy next time.

Overall, the food was tasty and I will go back.  But, keep in mind, you will not get your food very quickly.  They take their time with preparing the food.

I want to try the ox tail, chicken pattie, or the curry goat next time.  Oh and the jerk chicken sounds yummy as well.
Made my first visit today to redeem a coupon had.  This is a cozy little family run business with a friendly staff and great service. They serve up some pretty darn delicious food too!  The spices were very unique and very tastey.  

 I live nearby and definitely think this has become one of my favorite mom&pop places in the area.  I got the tofu jerk,  and my friend got the chicken jerk. We both walked away with very high ratings of our experience and will be returning to try some new dishes soon.
The smell of jerk spices drew us into this place, and it was pretty good but not great.  The meat is beyond compare- savory, flavorful and satisfying.  The sides are a little disappointing- the plantains are delicious, but the rice and vegetables I had weren't that great. The service was OK.  We all agreed that it wasn't as good as we hoped but that we felt it deserved another chance.

One note: we tried to redeem a Restaurant.com certificate and the owner said they had stopped accepting them months ago.  She said she had asked Restaurant.com to take the offer down, and she refused to accept the certificate.  I called Restaurant.com and asked for a refund, and they would only let me exchange it for another restaurant.   I continued to check for a week or two afterwards and the offer remained up.  That was a few months ago, and looking at the website now, they still have the offer, but in a smaller amount.  If you are thinking of purchasing a Restaurant.com certificate for this restaurant, you may want to call them first and make sure they still accept it.
The oxtails were excellent they were cooked to perfection and that is from the mouth of the meat eater. Now I had the curry shrimp and it was perfectly spiced and very well cooked. I would recommend this place highly If you have a passion for true Caribbean food.
Great food with  great taste! the best place for Caribbean food in Tempe. A new taste for a sophisticated palate and just down the street! I am a huge fan and have been several times - offering it up as a good eat to family and friends who are visiting, but the service can take a little bit!
The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of their slow service.   Other than that the meat pie appetizer tasted just like mom used to make, chicken curry and homemade rotis, and the curry tofu rice and bean plate we're delicious and fresh.   I'll be looking forward to next weeks visit.
So, I had The Jerk Chicken, Rice and Peas With Plantains And Cabbage. The Rice and Peas were the best thing about this place everything was was not good at all.  The Jerk Chicken had no flavor no heat at all and if you had Jerk Chicken you know it should be spicy. I had better places. This as my second time here I forgot the reason why I didn't go back now I know. Will not go back again
The food was awesome! Great food- service was great too but it did take a long time so be prepared to wait a while. Otherwise it was better than expected food and I grew up with this food.
So, I went back again last night and ordered the jerk chicken and asked that it be very spicy, like it normally is supposed to be, and they did it! I was imrpressed  The flavors on my plate were amazing.  The cabbage, plantains, beans and rice, and jerk chicken were all worth the $9.50 plus tax. 

I am thinking of having an East Coast foodies event there.  Good job with the spice this time A Taste of the Caribbean.

Cheers
its aghhhhight. its the best in yur neighborhood, ... but theres better if you get in your car and drive. i give them props. i give them three more years
Bruce Banner has to fight to keep the Hulk contained. I fight the same battle with Vanilla Heat. Born in Jamaica's Hedonism 3 resort I regularly feasted on jerk chicken, rice, and plantains. While I have managed well over the past couple of years to keep VH under control, I did have a hankering for Caribbean food this weekend and found A Taste of the Caribbean at Baseline & Mill. I could feel Vanilla Heat fighting to get out.

From my table I could hear the sizzle from the chicken as it cooked and I began looking forward to its arrival. While waiting I looked at my mobile app and saw several Yelp reviews and the only negative thing I really saw was the level of spice. I am not sure if the owners made a change, but the jerk chicken was spicy on my visit. The chicken was fall-off-the-bone tender and had an excellent flavor. It came with a side of red beans & rice, cabbage, and 3 plantains. The owner told me if I needed more rice, cabbage, or plantains to ask him.

The restaurant is small and colorful with very pleasant decorations, and Pandora played nice reggae rhythms. This restaurant took me back to my trip to Jamaica and provided the best jerk chicken I have had since. Thankfully it didn't take me all the way back, else I would have ran naked through the parking lot yelling SHABBA! But any time I need a jerk chicken fix this will be the spot!
Great chicken curry and plantains!
i was a bit nervous to my first visit. We were the only people in the restaurant.  Usually that is a very very bad sign.  However, the food was FANTASTIC.  I had the Jerk Tofu, which came with Beans & Rice, a cabbage concoction, and fried Plantains.  Everything was great!

I am not sure why the place was empty during lunch time, but I will definitely be going back!!!
The peas and rice that they make here is GREAT. It makes up for the "Jerk Tofu" which I am afraid to say is not authentic at all, i never saw it before I came here. The place was clean and not crowded feeling. Prices are right on! the Jerk Chicken and plantains are good. They do a good job with this sides. The spice is very well done too. It did seem a bit unorganized, which could make for slow service. On this visit the service was good. This is probably the best value for Caribe' grub around. Many Caribe' places here have high prices and have their nose in the air a bit. This place keeps it real!
I had a LivingSocial coupon for this place & went in with some friends on the weekend. I ordered the Jerk Chicken & it was really good. The little salad(which was well garnished & tasted great), fried plantains (1 word- awesome) on the side added some value to the otherwise pricey meal ($9.50). The rice & beans too tasted pretty good! Could really taste the flavor of the ingredients (their indigenous spice, Jerk) which was just fantalicious!

Final Verdict: Would DEFINITELY go here again for the food, but the service was slow & terrible. Please educate your staff, otherwise it really doesn't matter how good the food is!
I finally had a chance to dine here and it was just ok. This definetly is not the worse and its not the best Caribbean food I have had. I like the vibe of the place..from the pics on the wall...the map of the islands..not to mention the familiar reggae tunes that were playing in the background. I had the chance to sample the Jerk Chicken, it was ok....a little dry, as if it had been sitting for a while. I will try to give a one more try, maybe I went too late in the evening..but we will see. I will update you yelpers later
Does the change of name to Caribbean Spice indicate that the restaurant is under new management? I sure hope so! This restaurant puts out delicious, authentic Caribbean food that's unlike anything else I've had in the Valley. It's tragic that it's run so poorly.

The first time I came here was with my Puerto Rican dad who owned/managed restaurants for many years. He was surprised how slowly the food came out considering they have small menu with simple fare. He suspected there was a great deal of food prep (chopping onions, parboiling rice) that wasn't being done ahead of time. Nevertheless, we agreed the his jerk chicken and my huge veggie roti was delicious, and he would like to come back to try the oxtail stew.

I returned a second time this week to have dinner with my husband who was coming from work. Anticipating the long wait, I ordered for both of us. I wanted to try the tofu curry this time, but I was told they didn't have any tofu. Really? With a giant Whole Foods down the street, no one could obtain some tofu for dinner service. I got the veggie roti again with the warning that it would take a "loooooooong time" since someone before me just ordered a roti. My husband loved his jerk chicken and the rice and beans on the side. He was also over the moon about the plantains since he is addicted to them. He was surprised how much he liked my veggie roti and ended up eating my leftovers later that night.

We'll be back for the great food, but we'll remember to bring loads of patience.
You know when you get a huge plate of delicious looking food and all your dining companions comment that in no way could you ever finish all that food? A Taste of the Caribbean is like that. Only the food is just that good that you WILL finish your gigantor plate of grub!

They have only a few drink options (your typical Coke products, some tea and juice options).  The spot is super cute and bright, and reminded me of some of the hole in the wall joints I've visited on my Central American and Caribbean travels. I don't know about you, but brightly colored walls just make me happy!

My only complaint was some super Evangelical TV show was on. Sure, we probably could've asked for it to be turned off or volume down, but I didn't want to offend the adorable cook, "Mama."

Will I be back?  Heck yes!
I tried the vegetable curry and it is delicious...lots of flavor which is sometimes hard to find with vegetarian food. My friend had the chicken ROTI which he said was equally delicious. I tried some of the bread from his so I can say it was also good!

This is a small place, pretty simple but nice and clean. The environment isn't anything exciting but the food was amazing and I'm all about the food!
I got there just before they were closing, the guy working the counter was a bit unhappy I could tell... I apologized and told him I was only ordering one thing, wasn't too helpful with recommendations, but alas.. I am adventurous! I ordered the jerk chicken... Holy crap it was fall off the bone good! The red beans and rice were the best I have ever had..I actually wanted to lick the styrofoam container..but not wanting to get tongue cancer I begrudgingly threw it away. I would recommend this little gem to anyone wishing to try something new!
This is one of the few times Yelp has let me down. We love Caribbean food and was excited to try this after reading the good reviews.  I would give it zero stars if I could and I rarely feel that way about the restaurants we visit.

We arrived a few minutes before 11am and had to wait outside for it to open. At 11am, the owner opened the doors and let us in. The dining room lights were off and the blinds were closed so she began to open the blinds and turn on the lights. It was very hot in the dining room.  We assumed she had been in the back prepping food for opening but we assumed wrong - more about that later.

Another gentlemen walked in the same time as we did and while we were looking for the menu, he said he wanted a to-go order. He asked for a couple items but was told "we don't have" so he finally settled on jerk chicken.  

I went up to order while other half went outside to sit at the table on the patio as it was way too hot to be inside. I too was told on several items that "we are out". I was ready to give up but finally settled on the jerk chicken and the chicken curry. 

Now after reading the reviews, we were prepared to wait quite awhile for our food and was surprised when it arrived almost immediately.

The first bite I took of my curry - it was crystal clear that it was leftover as it was cold and the sauce was separating. Since I have no idea how long this leftover had been in the fridge, I opted to not eat it. The plantains were delish and the rice/beans were just okay (not much flavor).  My other half eat his plantains and rice and beans but was avoiding the jerk chicken so I asked him why. He said he didn't want to get food poisoning as we had a 2 hour drive back home! He did take one bite of the jerk chicken and said it was exactly as he thought it would be - reheated slightly, cold, very greasy and slimy on the outside.  

Now we know that the owner was not in the back prepping food as she had just arrived minutes before unlocking the door!
I give four stars just for existing in an area where I was strapped for good choices.  The added star is to complete the fact that their food is really good.
I had the Goat curry and a few patties.  The meal was basic, but tasty.  An expected plate comes with salad, plantains, rice, and the curried goat.  I have seen where there is not enough sauce to cover the rice, not so here.

A definite stop whenever I am in the Phoenix/Tempe area.

Oh, and the Guyanese owner is very friendly.

DT
Growing up in the caribbean, I soooo wanted to like this place.  Really, I wanted to.  They are guyanese, which is one of my favorite caribbean versions; I grew up with many guyanese friends and know the flavor profile well.  
We stopped in for lunch - place was empty.  Perhaps a dinner might be better; I got the sense that they were still prepping for the evening, so lunch is whatever they have on hand.  They were out of curried goat.  They didn't have enough of the oxtail to make up my meal, so they gave me what they had and added some stewed chicken.  The beef patties were commercially bought ones - very disappointing.  I'd hoped they made their own here.
Overall, flavors were average.  The sparse caribbean restaurant options in Phoenix gives this place a pass on the flavors - it's better than not having any, but nothing to write home about (at least not the lunch I had).
The owners are friendly, and the place is relatively clean (tables a bit sticky, however).  
I really want to like them, so I'll give them another try - this time a dinner when I'm in the neighborhood.  Perhaps go with the more traditional roti and curry goat.... IF it's available!  Reserving judgement for now.....
I shared two fantastic lunch plates that were flavorful and genuine. This a small, local business offering a glimpse of global cuisine. The setting is casual, eclectic, and comfortable.
I had high expectations for this place and when I called them late last night to ask if they had any patties I was told "many patties". I got there after 9pm and ordered 2 chicken and two beef patties plus jerk chicken with white rice and cabbage. The jerk was flavorful but a bit too salty for my taste, although the chicken was tender, falling off the bone, I feel it was a bit too salty and the white rice was ok, not dry which was good. Now, when it comes to patties, I go for texture and taste of the meat. First I had the chicken which had spice but the crust of the patty to me wasn't all that great, a bit soggy which I think they put them in the microwave, to me that's a no-no with Jamaican patties. Patties to me are supposed to be flaky and the meat should have good spices. Both patties were ok, not all that thrilling. The place was clean and empty, the employees were friendly but both were in the kitchen area leaving the front desk empty, I had to raise my voice to have someone help me in the front. So it's not Ocean Blue Caribbean restaurant where I felt right at home.
The food is outstanding.  Just delicious.  And there are a ton of vegan options (which is nice for me).  The food's actually so good that it makes up for the many, many problems the restaurant has: slow service, mixed up orders, sticky tables, slow water refills, poor air conditioning, etc. 

I suggest getting carry-out.  And even then, give them an extra 15-20 minutes on top of however long they say it will take.
:)
OH.  GOOD.  GOD.  Caribbean Spice is the jam!

I had the pleasure of discovering this place while on a long walk down Baseline.  And  this cozy Caribbean gem did not disappoint.  The food can't be simply described with terms like "delicious" or "flavorful" or "foodariffic" or "scrumtrulescent."

Every dish has a warmth that oozes with home-cooked love, it's evident in the delicious jerk chicken, the curry, the red bean rice, the plantains, and even the CABBAGE.  Never thought I would enjoy eating cabbage but here, it's spiced and juicy, so good!

Note: the oxtail stew and goat curry sell out supremely quick!  As such, I've never gotten the chance to try them, but I can definitely recommend the chicken curry and of course, the jerk chicken.


Grade: Insane in the plantain, insane in the brain!
I love it!   Yummy!!!!!   If you want some authentic amazing Guyanese and caribbean food, look no further!  The chicken roti is awesome!!!   The jerk chicken is amazing also!  I have been there many times and have loved it every time!  Wish they had dhal puri on their menu.  It's not fancy by any means, but it's  authentic Guyanese food!
I had the jerk chicken. My husband had the curry chicken. Both came with plantains, rice & beans and steamed cabbage. Both entrees were delicious and cost about  $10 each. The ginger beer was STRONG (but good once I added a few packets of sugar) and the pineapple tart for dessert was homemade, warm and delicious.

The restaurant is located in a little shopping plaza so you have to exit the restaurant and walk a little ways to use the restroom shared by several businesses in the plaza. But it was VERY clean.

We'd definitely go back here again.
Just ordered curry shrimp and oxtail stew, I come here all the time. The name of the restaurant changed but not the food. Excellent authentic Caribbean food. Made to order, nothing is frozen. All FRESH!! I love living near this place.
I had never had Caribbean food prior to this. I've had Caribbean flavored/spiced food, but never had some actual Caribbean cuisine. When my girlfriend an I arrived they were OUT of almost everything, BUT one dish. Skeptical we tried it, an both my girlfriend an I LOVED it. She's not big on spice( thinks hot Cheetos are hot!) but she was still eating through the spice. Me on the other hand I thought it was perfect. I still want to go and try some more dishes. 
The only somewhat bad thing is that A.its hot in the restaurant if you do decide to eat there and B. They run out of stuff, but that shows you that it's worth it.
Very good food. We had two jerk chickens and one oxtail stew. Everyone loved what they had. All had really good kick to it.  The jerk chicken had a taste that was different than others I've tried. I did realize after that none of us got plantains which I was looking forward to but oh well. Next time. Certainly a hole in the wall. You've got to be ready to roll with the punch there like many small Caribbean places I've learned. We were just glad they didn't run out of everything when we got there. 
Girls, if you go at night, try to use the restroom before you come. It's in a separate bldg that is a bit hidden/deep. I'm not one to be cautious but this one I would be. Bring someone with you.
The Jerk fish was awesome and you have to try the specialty drinks (they are non-alcoholic).  I will be back before my trip is over here!
I've never eaten Caribbean food in my life. I got the shrimp Roti as I only eat fish. The wait was long, I will say that, but totally worth it. The "flat bread" is the most delicious soft pastry/tortilla like bread I've ever had. I frequent Mediterranean food most and this "flat bread" was better than any fresh made pita I've ever had. 


The potatoes inside fell apart at the puncture of my fork. The shrimp was tasty and not over cooked what so ever. The onions and spices were prepared to perfection and the service was kind and attentive. 

The only downside from the wait is that this little nook is HOT on the inside. It was warmer in the restaurant than it was outside, which I see being a huge problem for the summer. 

To be honest, even if that place gets hot as hell I'd wait long again. So delicious!
Unusual for us to end up in this area, but we were and we were hungry.  I spotted this on Yelp, and noted generally good reviews.  So we drove over.

When we entered the place looked kinda divey.  But the smells were good!   The host was friendly and helpful.  We almost went for a roti, but it's hard for me to judge a place based on a dish I've never had.  So we got a curry chicken and a jerk chicken.  Then we opted to sit at an outside table.  We also ordered a fruit smoothy (mango and banana, I think).  While I didn't order one, I noted several unique sodas were available too..

The food was VERY good.  The curry was a yellow curry, and very nice.  It was mostly chicken and potatoes (I like carrots in my yellow curry also, but that's minor).  The jerk chicken was very well done.  Strong jerk flavor with just a bit of heat (note that my idea of "hot" is hotter than the average person, but I'm still a wimp compared to a Thai person).

Both dishes were served with a rice/bean combo (i.e. not rice AND beans, but rice&beans).  It was very good too.

The mango cheesecake was excellent.

All in all, a great meal.  This isn't exactly waiter service.  You walk up to the counter and order the food, and they bring it to you (inside or outside).  I had no trouble with the service at all.  

Next time we come here (and there probably will be a next time!) I think we'll try the roti.
Extremely authentic and delicious.  We had the jerk chicken and the chicken curry.  Spicy--but not overpowering.  Fresh ingredients.  Great, friendly service.  We'll definitely be back soon!
This place has is soo unique and the food is awesome. The inside has cool painting of the areas representing the food. From the inside you are tell this is a small shop, but those are usually the best. 

I had the Chicken Roti and it was soo good. It was chicken curry on bread and finished it all. My friend ordered the Jerk Chicken and that was perfect as well.
YUM YUM.  Was here on a LS deal twice!  Tried the curried goat, ox tails and the meat pies. ALL were incredible. I grew up eating Jamaican cuisine, so the food is very familiar to me. I am seeking a Caribbean place that serves Black Cake, which is a great experience to taste.  I make it myself, and it can be addictive.
If you know West Indian cuisine then you need to come here. Hands-down the best West Indian restaurant in the valley. And trust me I've tried them all. The only complaint I would have is every now and then when I come things and not in stock or available, but they also keep adding things to the menu like soy curry jerk and beans. Can't beat that in the valley.  And for my friend that is so fond of fresh carrot juice, they have fresh carrot/ginger juice on deck!
I saw the reviews and I felt that this was a place that I needed to try out. I do like myself some good jerked chicken from time, to time - I mean who doesn't? But it is clear that I didn't read the reviews well enough, or they left a few things out, and I will try to rectify this. 

- I expected more of a restaurant than a diner, with the simplicity of a Mexican lunch place. This is not necessarily a bad thing, just unexpected. The price does reflect the minimalistic decor and the very spartan wooing attempt. 

- Taking the chance of sounding like a pretentious ass, I ordered water and thought I'd get a water bottle and charged for such - but instead I got a cup of water free of charge which was nice. However, i usually don't drink tap water from places like diners. I just don't want to risk it. Here it came out in a plastic cup, on a tray with a straw on the tray. I reacted that the straw was not an individually wrapped straw, but a basic straw that just lounged around on the tray. The server picked it up and put it on the table. We all know how we wipe down tables, and I'd rather not put anything that been in direct contact with the table in my mouth. 

- I had the jerked chicken and got a plate of flavorful jerked chicken, a cup of rice and bean mix and some salad. The meal was nice and spicy. The chicken was full-on bone-in, something that doesn't bother me - but would been nice to know since that is usually not the way we expect it in these western parts. Again, the meal was good but oh-so frugal and without direct effort. 

The meal was good and frugal. Not too much food, and not overpriced. But I have a hard time seeing myself coming back here, due to the Mexican diner feel. It is just not my kind of place. And when I asked how long they had been here, I got the answer '5 years'. In five years this was the culmination of the efforts?! No, I feel not. 

I wish this establishment the best of luck, because I really like hard working struggling people that believe in what they do.. but they need to encompass a level of ambiance more than what they have. The austere feeling that fills this establishment is not conducive for their business model. Which is unfortunate.
Jerk chicken, plantains, whatever- it's a great selection of Caribbean food, which is a flavor we don't get much of around here. 

But man, I've been to cemeteries with more cheer than this place. I almost expect to see passed out drunk bums inside.
This place is good! If you're looking for something different and feel adventurous this is it.
The food was great. I ordered the oxtail and it was very good. The only down side was the amount of oxtail was kinda on the small side. The rice and peas were authentic and the plantain was sweet. I also got some patties and they were great too. Overall, I would highly recommend this place. I will be going back very soon.
Really good authentic Jamaican food. Highly recommend you visit and give it a try. Definitely will be going back
Chicken roti curry was amazing. Fall of the bone tender, sweet potato chunks, and not spicy at all. Wash it down with a grapefruit soda. Only minus a star because it was very warm in the place.
Amazing food! Fresh, light, and spicy (if you're up for it).  Price point is great for what feels like an authentic Guyanese home-cooked meal.
When you walk into DW Bistro, you get the feeling that you've entered an upper scale Strip eatery. The decor is very modern, whimsical and warm. With a NYC loft feel to it. The staff is very friendly and the owners Dalton and Bryce greet with a warm smile and hearty hello. I was there to take-out lunch, but decided to sit at the bar and enjoy my surroundings.

I started by ordering a Jamaican Ginger Beer and was instantly blown away. It was delicious and reasonably priced at $3 (it comes with free refills). I ordered their Caesar Salad, which had a flare to it. The dressing was a chipotle caesar dressing, drizzled over whole fresh lettuce with whole shaved parmesan and a crostini. It was fantastic. The added spice of the chipotle was a nice touch and turned an ordinary Caesar Salad into an extraordinary starter. 

For my main course I ordered the Jamaican Curry Chicken. I'm usually not a huge curry fan, but Bryce, the owner, talked me into it. I am sure glad that he did. The chicken was tender and melted in my mouth. The curry wasn't over-powering and complimented the chicken, onions and thyme well. I was very pleased with the dish. 

I splurged a little and ordered their Red Velvet cake for dessert. It was perfect! The best Red Velvet that I have ever had. Moist, with white-chocolate shavings that just melted in my mouth. It's served with a small cup of raspberries and sugar-free whipped cream.

DW Bistro is the perfect place to eat for the westside. I plan on going back for dinner with the wife this weekend. My overall experience was  delightful and I left feeling satisfied in both the stomach, taste buds and  pocketbook.
Have been hearing so many good things about this place for the last few weeks I just had to try it.  I came in with very high expectations.... They were met, then exceeded then exceeded again.  I want to try everything on the menu.... Not only is the food delicious but there is obvious painstaking attention to every detail to complete a wonderful dining experience.  Can't wait to go again.
This was my first experience at DW Bistro and it was worth the hour plus I spent enjoying the patio, the service, and mostly the food. We had heard the food was great, but today we decided to drop by for brunch. My wife had the DW Nicoise and I had the DW BLT. The salad was delightful - delightful enough that she didn't share. My BLT was to die for - especially the jalapeno bacon which gave the BLT a spicy, but not overpowering. I savored every bite.

We followed brunch with blueberry and raspberry scones (the latter isn't on the menu, but was available today). 

The decor was delightful. It was open, bright, airy. I was reminded of some European restaurants I've been in. The service was unbelievable and the pricing just right. We have decided this is our NEW favorite restaurant.
Great place my family wanted to grab a quick bite before heading over to Herbs and Rye so we stopped by DW bistro. The menu was not over done but perfect a great selection of house specialtys but not so difficult it's hard to read the staff was excellent and beyond friendly and most important very informative and confident with there menu knowledge.  We put are experiance in are servers hands and had her order here favorite dishes they were all excellent selections very tasty and she did not just try to sell us the most expensive items but what she felt best showed there chefs talent. Very Very impressive.  I am looking foward to having a seat at the bar and trying the cocktail program

Cheers and well done Gentalman
I had a great experience at DW Bistro.  The ambiance is cool and inviting.  The patio is a place you can spend a couple of hours and not even notice the time going by.  Once we arrived we were greeted with smiles from the staff and the management was very personable.  A nice wine selection and a simple but flavorful menu made for a great experience.  With a party of six, our server didn't miss a beat.  Her recommendations were on point.  So were the Jamaican Mojito's.  I had the large bowl of Gazpacho which was made perfectly.  I was a cool and tasteful starter.  After that I had the Jerk Chicken Salad.  The dressing was light and the Chicken had a bit of spicy kick.  The only thing i would like to see are more starter options.  We did order the top three starters which were great but if you are like my family, we enjoy ordering tons of apps to try as many flavors as possible instead of individual plates.  Apps and cocktails all around is our preference.  The prices are reasonable.
I was looking for a new spot to enjoy Sunday brunch. DW Bistro was an excellent choice. The food is great, the staff is very friendly and the space is comfortable. We sat outside and thought that I was on vacation. Beautiful greenery was all around and hid the parking lot nicely. Well done. 

Everyone from our table enjoyed their food and drinks. If you enjoy a sweet dish, the French toasts are some of the best I have had in a long time. The chicken lollipops are very nice as well. The slow-cooked pork was fork tender. I have to admit that I was not a fan of their red velvet cake. I thought it was too dry. Their coffee was excellent. 

Nothing to complain about the staff. Every single person we interacted with was truly friendly.
I found this off one of my fellow foodies here on Yelp and since it is right down the street from our favorite comic book store, it was on the top of our list to try.  

Having lived in Jamaica and been all over the Caribbean, I wasn't expecting to be wowed.  I would have been happy with a yum or 2.  

I was WOWed!! 

Ok let's just say that unless you are lunching at Sandy Lane on Barbados or the patio at Half Moon, the decor is not very Caribbean but this is Vegas and its upscale elegance that is cooling, calming and should be featured at the Hospitality Design Expo this week.  (love the bathroom, btw) 

The menu is just right for lunch.  Not so many choices that you are overwhelmed but just enough to make you go .. hmm do I want 1 of these, 2 of those etc.  

I had my heart set on the vegetarian curry while my son was jonesing for the curried chicken.  Since he is a big fan of spice, he got a side of jerk sauce.  We also had the pan seared salmon (not native of the Martha Brae) and the jerked shrimp salad.  

I could have nose dived into my curry bowl and lived happily ever after.  it was creamy, sweet and just a hint of curry. The vegetables were cooked to perfection and the chunks of onion and potato set off of the couscous.  Likewise the curry chicken bowl had huge chunks of white meat chicken, just the right amount of onion to highlight the curry and the couscous gave the dish some body.  It was an ample portion and we did get to-go boxes for a late night snack later. 

2 thumbs ups as well for the fish dishes and we shared our curries as well.  The jerked shrimp salad was accompanied by an avocado vinagrette that brought out all the flavors yet wasn't overpowering.  

While waiting for a 2go order we had dessert.  too many choices.  I was so tempted by the lime pudding but ended up with the chocolate mousse.  Much to my surprise they brought me the mini mousse, the lime pudding AND a pile of hand rolled truffles.  Gotta love a bistro that knows how to feed the phat chicks.  I had a truffle and a spoon of the pudding.  packed it all up and took it home.  

Note to Jamaicaphiles..they serve real D&G Ginger Beer bottled in Spanishtown, JA.  

If you are coming to Vegas and want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip for a few hours, there is no better place than taking a few hours at D W Bistro.  Def. worth the cab ride.
We went to this place the other day from Yelp reviews. The first thing you notice is the bright inviting colors and decor. The staff is friendly and personable. Inside and outside dining, with plenty of room between tables and structure. So here we go...

Cons (in no particular order): 

The bathroom men's sink is not mounted on center, which appears to cause water flow over the back side. Not a huge deal, but for a clean freak it leads one to believe there will be mildew on the bottom of it eventually.

Again, a bathroom thing; the refuse bin has no handle, so you must lift the lid with your hand or foot. It does appear to be made of bamboo, which is a nice environmental touch.

Price is a bit much for a local bistro. That's a personal preference point, but still.

I ordered the ahi tuna special, but was charged for the lamb chops. The price may have very well been the same, but I didn't notice it until after we left, so its a matter of distress to be sure.

Pros (again, as they spring to mind):

The staff is exceedingly friendly and personable. They make you feel attended to and welcome. One of the owners (Bryce) walked around to each table and actually talked to each guest (that I saw). 
Not the usual manager walk by you see, but a sincere "how are you, where are you from, what do you think" conversation.

The food was phenomenal. Curry soup with just the right amount of zing. Seared ahi that was perfect for a fork on top of yellow and green beans that were done perfectly, with a nice crunch to them and not drowned in butter or oil. Excellent mashed potatoes. Generous portions of pasta and shrimp. Red Cake that was creamy yet not too overbearing. Strike that. If I weren't a guy I would call it luscious. If I were a violent man I'd have left that place, driven to the airport, hopped on a plane to Betty Crocker's house and slapped her across the face. It was that good.

Two words: Ginger. Beer.


Ordering an $8 shot of premium liquor gets you an $8 shot of premium liquor. Enough to fill a glass nicely.

Definitely recommend DW Bistro for a nice quiet dinner after work, but also have not tried to brunch, so I can't pigeon hole it just to night dinning. There's absolutely room for improvement to turn it into a local upper scale place to hang out, but for a little restaurant in a strip mall they are off to a superlative start. I mean, when two of the only cons for a place are in the bathroom, you know it has to be on the right track.  Please give it a try and let me know what you think.
Great food and service!  We went for brunch and had two pork dishes - one was pork hash and the other was a chili pork rice bowl. They were very different, and both were exceptional! Next time we will try other items because everything that came outmode the kitchen looked great - and prices are very reasonable.
Went to DW Bistro for brunch with our large family.  Food and service were great.  I had the Jerk Pork Hash and it was very tasty.  Eveyone else enjoyed their meals as well.
Went to DW Bistro for brunch today with a large rowdy family with some picky eaters. They accomdated us and the little ones well. The service was outstanding, the cocktails and food were phenomeonal. Can't wait to go back to try for lunch or dinner. Everyone at our table was pleased with what they ordered. I had the nicoise salad, the tuna was seared perfectly. Others had a mix of their breakfast items, like chocolate pancakes to please the kids, and the jamaician hash. Definitely a new favourite place to go.
5 stars because everything was good!  Staff very nice, decor or eating inside or outside is great, food excellent. Be sure to get sweet potato fries!  BTW...Lauren is totally cool and awesome. She makes a fabulous late.
Update 5/8/13: I've been going here regularly for a while now and it's always good. Sometimes service can be a bit slow but that's more of an exception. Anyway, I heard DW won the Vegas burger challenge from a local food blog and I wanted to try it. OMG, that Santa Fe Chili burger was awesome. Great flavor and super juicy. This may become my new favorite burger. Oh, and like other reviewers said, get the carrot cake. Amazingly good.

We went here the other day for lunch and were pleasantly surprised.  Food was tasty and fresh.  I had the short rib sandwich with delicious sweet potato fries while my wife had the chicken sandwich with side salad.

The manager or owner stopped by and asked if it was our first time (it was) so he sent over some complimentary lemon pudding for dessert.  Nice touch.  The pudding was refreshing and not overly tart or sweet.  Great for desert when it's 100+ degrees outside.

Would definitely go back but I have a few minor complaints.  First, they really need to offer an unflavored traditional iced tea.  Second, some of the things on the menu are no longer offered so a reprint would be nice.
SO delicious!  I met friends here when I was in town for the weekend.  Had perfect martinis at the bar- then got seated for dinner.  The short ribs are very flavorful and paired perfectly with the wine we were drinking.  They don't lie when they say they make the Perfect Chocolate Cake, either.  Service was friendly- ambience was fun and lively.  Hopefully, I will make it back on one of my visits to LV!
My wife Shelly, two friends Keith and Katie, went here for dinner the other night.  We had heard about DW Bistro from a friend and we thought we'd stop by before going to see 'Elvis' for a little pre-theatre dinner.  We were absolutely delighted by everything we encountered in this restaurant.  The ambience, friendliness of staff, service, and most of all, the food were amazing.  We literally could not stop talking about it long after we had left the restaurant.  Between the four of us we ordered the Fried Chicken, Turkey Sliders, New Mexican style slow cooked pork, and the Beer Braised Short Rib.  All four of us tried each dish and this is the first time I have ever been to a restaurant where all the dishes at the table were as outstanding as the next.  I had the pork and could not stop eating it.  It was so tender and so flavorful and all of the deliciousness of it was soaked up by the rice and made it the best rice I have ever eaten.  It was hard to finish for the fact that I was stealing bites of my wife's corbread, which was amazing in itself!  To top off the entire experience we met Bryce who we found to be one of the friendliest restaurant owners we have ever met!   We all cannot wait to return for another great experience and great food!
Buried in a strip mall deep in SW is something truly original for Vegas...Jamaican/New Mexican fusion dining.  Yes!!

1) Owners Bryce & Don are simply fantastic, and represent well the great things that happen when 2 diff worlds come together.  
2) I'm glad I got in while I could.  It will be reservations-only for dinner in a few months.
3) fresh, light art deco-caribbean atmosphere.  
4) fast, attentive service. 
5) shrimp curry on couscous is savory, creamy heaven. 
6) perfect chocolate cake.  Literally.  
7) yellow watermelon infused vodka that needs no mixer...absolutely luscious!

...100% worth the drive.
Zero complaints about this place.  I've eaten a lot of Jamaican food but didn't know what to expect from a place like this.  I definitely wasn't disappointed.

The bread selection was great, including these amazing sea salt muffins.

I tasted the pesto torte (app), the jerk ribs (app), the braised oxtail (main) and the jerk lamb (main) - all delicious.  For dessert, the cakes and pudding were equally delicious.

Some pros: attentive, friendly service; cool decor; and they have ginger beer!
Some cons: It ended up being more expensive than I would have expected, but it was worth it.
This place is beautiful, and the food is amazing. I think over all though, the best part of this place is Bryce, the owner. He is the sweetest person ever, and makes every customer feel like they are getting VIP treatment. I met him once while dining there, and he has gushed over me ever since. We aren't but aquaintances, but he is sincerely in love with his job, and all the customers!!!!  I went there for my 30th birthday and he comp'd a special drink and dessert. Prices are great, staff are great. If you want a hip and not snobby place to feel like you are truly a local, this is the place! Husband loves the salmon, I love the pasta. And be SURE to get carrot cake for dessert.
Second time...this time for dinner because I had to try it after we'd had such an excellent brunch.  I'm glad we went back.
The curry soup is amazing.  The fried chicken is as good as the fried chicken at Michael Symon's Bar Symon (his signature dish  , which I recently decided was the best fried chicken I'd ever had.  Sorry Michael, it's a tie for first).  It's outstanding, and the chive mashed and truffled mac and cheese were...help I can't find the superlatives!
When a restaurant names a dessert "the perfect chocolate cake", it's like a dare...so I tried it.  It is the perfect chocolate cake.  Baked perfectly, with some subtle differences between the cake, icing, and chocolate shavings.  
I'm looking forward to many great dining experiences at DW...and the owners are great guys, which adds to the enjoyment.
One last thing, the wait staff was attentive, helpful and knowledgeable...props to everybody.
Jamaican ginger beer, curry soup, Jerky seasoned filet, Carrot cake and capuchino. Everything was delicious!!!! Great customer service. The place is clean and modern. Very casual. Great place!!
4.25 Stars overall..... 

DW is only down the street and some from us and seeing that there were a lot of great Yelp reviews, we decided to come here on a Saturday night. One thing I noticed right away was that there were a lot of families with kids...so if you have kids, its kid friendly. It wasn't packed for a Saturday night which meant we didn't have to wait to be seated. 
Our server was very courteous and attentive. He asked if this was our first time and told us that that DW's is a Jamaican fusion type of food. He recommended the mojito with strawberry ice cubes for me. The drink was just a plain mojito and at 12 dollars a glass I'm not sure I would order it again. After looking at the menu, I was trying to decide on the Beer Short Ribs or Fried Chicken. The bf decided to go with the Fried Chicken and the server told me that they were out of the short ribs. I wanted something with their mashed potatoes so I ended up with the Salmon Special. We also ordered the Truffle Mac and Cheese on the side. 
My salmon was perfectly cooked.....a lil rare in the middle and cooked on the outer edges. When it first came out, I thought that it wouldn't be enough food....but boy was I wrong. The potatoes were ok....I still prefer Popeye's mashed potatoes. The chorizo I felt like didn't go with the meal, but presentation wise it brought color. The fried chicken was very tasty but a lil spicy for me, because with the gravy which was also really good was spicy too. The chicken was still tender and moist and the breading was the cornmeal which made it different. The mac and cheese was good nothing too special, but apparently not salty enough says the bf who doesn't really like salty things besides potato chips. 

We didn't get to have dessert, because we were too full. Overall, I thought this place was cool a lil pricey for some items, but we will be back.
They really blew me away - and it was just my first visit! There's nothing like seeing the fresh produce come in the door from the farmers market right as you enter- to then be wow-ed by the decor. The restaurant is done in clean, modern white and orange- with a pop of comfy antique wood pieces- nice eclectic blend of old and new.  The service was great- including the complimentary tasting of the (deeelish) Curry Soup- and we were just in for lunch.  Everyone enjoyed their entrees- from Seared Salmon to Jerk Chicken Salad.  Only down side...we didn't have time for dessert! After my 20+ years in food and beverage at high end restaurants and hotels- they definitely earned my thumbs up and I'll be back. Alot!
amazing, amazing, AMAZIIING.

drinks, food, service, decor: 5 stars.

being a bartender myself, i was pleased to find that not only could they make a mojito, it was the best i've ever had. the drinks did take an average of 10-15 min to arrive per round but it was because the bartender actually took the time to make them with love, care and expertise. you can tell by the product. it was perfection. worth the wait anyday.

DW is a diamond in the rough (no offense, west las vegas)

cant wait to go back!
Wonderful food, nice owners.
This place is simply AMAZING!! Was recommended to try it out by a friend and so glad I did. I had the tasting menu and the chef prepared a delcious 5 course meal for us plus dessert!! Also, I only eat fish no other meat and he was very accomodating to my dietary requests. The owner is very nice and came to our table many times to check on us and see how everything was going. The wait staff was superb, my glass never reached the half full point without a refill being made. Dirty plates were cleared quickly, everything was A+++. I also have a 4 year old daughter. This place is very family friendly and offer a great kid's menu that comes with warm chocolate chip cookies and a glass of milk for the kids at the end of their meal. We enjoyed our dinner so much this evening that we are going back for Sunday brunch tomorrow!!
After all the talk on Yelp and then another endorsement from a business partner i had to come by and try DW Bistro for lunch today. Upon entering the staff was very friendly, attentive, as well as helpful in my choices for dining and the generous smiles were a nice touch. The decor was like other said very classy, slightly sophisticated and clean and i could see myself back here for a light evening of drinks and appetizers by the bar or outside on the patio which is where i sat and had lunch. The menu isn't large but has a nice variety of offerings i chose the Curry Chicken and my associate ordered the salmon. Both came out nicely prepared and well presented, both tasted good but not anything outstanding in my eyes. I had a 7&7 although they had no Seagram's on the bar so i settled for Crown which a bar without Seagram's? And she had a pomegranate white tea that she said was excellent and looked eye pleasing as well. .
I did have a slight issue with my take out order which i needed to take back to my support staff at the office. I ordered two Romaine salads with jerk chicken and please note that if you order a salad here it will not be chopped unless specified, so keep this in mind especially when taking it back to the office where utensils like knives and such might not be available. Also keep in mind that if you season the chicken on your salads that there is an additional charge on that as well so just be aware of what you are paying when you are ordering as it seems if you deviate from the menu then there are additional fees which in some cases are understandable. Because of the confusion with the salads and the fact that they were un-chopped when taken back to the office the ability to enjoy and eat them just didnt happen. Disappointed i contact the restaurant who was more than helpful in seeing that my experience was a pleasant one and corrected the take out lunch problem and was very interested in feedback so that adjustments could be made to see that mistakes like this didnt happen again. I believe management and service like this is what keeps privately owned restaurants such as this in business as there is a more personable feel to the whole experience and because of this event and the way that they handled it i actually am even more interested in coming back because you can usually rest assure that they will do their best to see that you are pleased at DW. And i just really gotta try that Pom white tea!
I was very excited to try DW Bistro due to all the wonderful reviews here on Yelp and other review sites.  My husband and I went on our anniversary, along with our 6 month old daughter.  I suppose that my expectations were set very high to begin with, and had I not read all the glowing reviews about this place I might have been more satisfied with our visit.

Ambiance:  The restaurant is very clean and modern.  Good for a business dinner or a night out with the gals, but in no way condusive to a romantic evening.  The lighting was just SOOOO bright...and combined with the stark whiteness of the furniture and walls it ended up feeling a bit like I was dining in a hospital cafeteria.  I would suggest they turn the lighting down for dinner service, and that would improve the restaurant ambiance greatly.

Service:  Our waiter was very cordial, and was very prompt with service.  Our glasses never neared empty, and any requests were seen to very quickly.  However, I wouldn't say I got any warm fuzzies from any of the staff that evening.  And I was truly disappointed that I did not see the wonderful manager that everyone in the other reviews keeps talking about.  Nor did I receive any of the special treatments that some of the other reviewers mentioned...free samples or desserts, or even a free drink as one reviewer mentioned getting for her 30th birthday.  It was probably clear that we were celebrating something, as we were clearly exchanging cards in front of the servers, but no one bothered to ask if it was a special evening.  Again, had I not read about all these "extras" in the other reviews, I would not have been disappointed that we did not receive them.  

A huge disappointment from our server though was that he neglected to tell us there were any specials that evening, which I later heard him telling the table next to us.  It also sounded as though there was some kind of a tasting or prix fixe option, but we were not informed of that either.  I was quite upset about that.

Food:  Portion sizes on everything were good, and the prices were decent.  The meal started with a bread basket brought by our server.  We opted for a pretzel roll and a sea salted muffin.  I was sorely disappointed by both of these.  They were both cold (not even room temperature) and dry...they seemed stale to me and my thought was that they were obviously not baked the same day, or even the day before, but were days old.  Later in the evening a couple next to us were saying "OMG...WOW!" when they ate their bread...so they must have gotten the fresh baked stuff.

My husband ordered the Braised Oxtail and I ordered the New Mexico Slow Roasted Pork.  His oxtail was FABULOUS...tender and juicy and so flavorful.  My pork was good, but nothing special.  I wouldn't order it again. We ordered some Mac and Cheese as a side.  Again, it was good, but nothing special, and a bit pricey at $8 for a side dish IMO.  Definitely not as good as the mac and cheese at Roadrunner or Famous Daves.

I had originally planned to order one of the cakes that were so highly reviewed.  But after our disastrous bread, I was afraid the cake would also be dry and days old.  So we opted out.

All in all, I am willing to try it one more time, if only because the oxtail was so good.  I would probably not do dinner again though...maybe I would try it for lunch.
Would have definitely given DW 5 stars, if it weren't for the service being kind of slow.  It was ok though, because this was the 1st time I had seen my friend Shirley since she had her baby Maksim, and he is as cute as the come!  So it gave us time to catch up.  :-) plus the food is AMAZING! Thanks Shirley for finding a gem of a place.

Perhaps it was the pretzel bread that clouded my judgement, but everything I had was super delicious and I'm eager to return to try more.  I order the veggie curry and a small house salad to start and Shirley had the Jerk Chicken.  Right after we ordered, several new tables came in and after waiting a little long for just a side salad, I couldn't help but wonder how long the entrees would be.  Just as I was about to track down the guy with the pretzel bread, my salad came.  I scarfed that down because the dressing was absolutely perfect. Then just as we all were getting a little antsy, the food finally came.  

I felt bad when my curry came out steaming and Shirley said her chicken was sort of cold.  We both agreed that it tasted good though, in fact the curry was down right delicious! The spice was spot on and having the option of couscous, instead of rice, was unexpected and appreciated.  It's texture with the creamieness of the curry, was almost dessert like.

Leftovers were my fiancés breakfast the next morning, :-) so now we both are curious to see what else DW has to offer, although I'm not sure the two of us will be as patient.
Ordered the specialities. I had the Wellington and my fiancée the salmon. Both were terrific. Love this place. Great place for locals!! the chicken curry soup never disapoints. 

i found the dishes very creative, clean and most import, delicious. Nice place!!

This is one of the best restaurants outside of the strip. No doubt.
The second I walked into DW Bistro I was greeted by their overly friendly staff (a waiter and one of the owners, i believe). That warm and inviting atmosphere continued throughout dinner. But, despite how friendly everyone was, there were a few misses that made this a less-than-stellar experience.

My son and I came here for an early dinner and ordered chicken fingers and the braised short rib, respectively. They do have a kid's menu with typical kid-friendly items such as mac 'n cheese, sliders and chicken fingers. I do have to give DW credit for putting their own spin on the kiddie items. The chicken fingers ($5) were real strips of white meat lightly breaded and served over a bed of rice with some veggies mixed in. My son (2 yrs old) liked the chicken but didn't touch the rice, but that has more to do with him being extremely picky than the quality of the rice.

As for my meal, what came out was an order of their braised ox tail ($16), not the short rib. I was really hungry and didn't want to wait for them to bring out the correct meal, so I ate what they brought out and let the waiter know he screwed up. He was apologetic but didn't do anything more than that. Taking the dish off the check would have been nice... or a free dessert... something...

The ox tail wasn't bad. It was served over a bed of mashed potatoes with asparagus and cucumbers. The meat was fall-off-the-bone tender but could have used more seasoning and there wasn't a lot of it. I also ordered a side of plantains ($7) that were fried nicely, making the outside of each piece crunchy while the inside was soft. Again, a little more seasoning would have made it a better dish.

The atmosphere they're going for is trendy and chic but because of their location -- in a strip mall in suburbia -- they're almost forced to compromise a bit and be kid-friendly. I'm not complaining of course because I was with my son. And, I really appreciate the fact that they offered my kid a coloring book and crayons while we waited for his food. But, it does make for a slightly odd environment -- one that isn't upscale or popular enough to cater to only adults (a la Rosemary's) and cheesey enough to be a family destination (Claim Jumper, Cheesecake Factory, etc.).

The bottom line is DW Bistro is a good off the strip restaurant with an intriguing menu, decent food at good prices, and very friendly customer service. But it's best for adults not kids, even though they'll make every customer feel welcome.
INCREDIBLE!!! 

DW Bistro is a wonderful restaurant where perfectly executed foods feature phenomenal flavors, and a friendly and knowledgeable waitstaff guide you through a memorable meal. It is new American with Caribbean influences. 

We dined here last Saturday. As we entered a few guests were at the bar enjoying a bite and a drink, and chatting with the bartender. A server (Joe) greeted us with a smile, and lead us to our table. The dining room is modestly lavished in shades of white and orange, it is like eating in a yogurt store/art gallery. (This is a good thing) The menu isn't so huge that one gets lost in the possibility, but offers a wide variety of dishes to enjoy. Our server Joe was professional, relaxed, and friendly, three traits that are hard to find in a server. 

Our Meal: 

Chicken Lollipops - 

The top of the drummette cooked perfectly in a sweet/spicy sauce, served with homemade buttermilk ranch and grilled pineapple slices. Wow were these good. They were light and crispy, and packed a deceptive kick of heat from the scotch dried peppers in the jerk sauce. If you're not big on heat, ask them to tone it down and they will gladly respect your preference. 

Nightly Special - 

Petite fillet, Salmon, and Shrimp served with sour cream mashed potatoes. Perfect amount of salt on my medium-rare fillet, the salmon had the most beautiful char, and the shrimp were succulent and wonderful. The mashed potatoes really paired well with the steak. 

Truffled Mac n' Cheese - 
Good Golly Miss Molly! This was so amazing, I cannot overemphasize how decedent yet light this dish was. It is also offered with bacon and mushrooms, which I didn't order but would add in next time. 

Bryce (sp) who I believe is an owner/front of house/superman, greeted us and took the time to see how we were. He really wanted to know us, as opposed to the often forced "How is everything" jab from an indifferent manager. It was great to have such a professional yet personable team at DW Bistro waiting on us. I overhead Bryce talking to another table about a white Pinot Noir from Oregon they had, and I was intrigued. I had to try it, so Bryce brought me a taste and WOW! This is an incredible wine. Very flirty with your palate, showing hints of flavor nuances then quickly retracting them to show you something else. Good luck finding this wine, it is extremely rare and usually sold only to restaurants. It is worth the trip for the wine alone. 

I will definitely be back to this incredible Bistro soon. Quit punishing your palate and your pocket, rediscover happiness in the form of food at DW Bistro!
I went here for lunch during restaurant week and absolutely loved everything - from the cute, modern space, to the friendly owner, to the creative concept (Jamaican, New Mexican fusion, say what?). 

Their restaurant week offerings were awesome and I really wish they'd consider doing something like this the rest of the year! I love small portions of things, so this meal was perfect. The first course was a yummy soup or salad, followed by pork three ways! Each pork was so freaking yummy. All were in different sauces and had just the right level of heat. Dessert was a trio of minis - red velvet, carrot cake, and a lemon something or other. Each bite was INCREDIBLE. I'm not much for desserts, but this was really great. I wish they'd offer mini desserts in the future !

DW Bistro unfortunately isn't near my work or home, but it was so fabulous I must return. Vegas needs more of these sorts of places!!
We dined at DW Bistro tonight for our second visit, and everything I loved about this vibrant vacation from the mundane was reinforced.  

The service was spectacular, the food, phenomenal.  We were greeted by the staff as if we were old friends, which is quite impressive since it was only our second time dining here.  All around the dining room were smiling faces, and cleaned plates, true testaments of a great restaurant.  

I love DW Bistro, and so do you.  You just may not not know it yet.
DW stands for the owner's initial. The man definitely belongs to the front of the house. As for the ambiance, think Miami Vice. 

We had quite an assortment of brunch food here but the star is definitely the curry with couscous. The menu says vegetable but I definitely tasted chunks of chicken with it. Great news considering I love meat but my conscience wants be more bio-sustainable. 

The rest of the menu here I would say is slightly above average. The chicken and waffle looked fantastic but cutting into it was a big disappointment because it was missing a *crunch* factor. Another disappointment is that the waiter asked if we wanted to start with a bread muffin assortment. Most brunch places I've been, offer that for free but upon careful inspection, there is a steep charge for it. So you may be suckered to say yes thinking it's free.

Yes the pricing seems $2-3 higher than it should be but that is nitpicking since the ambiance is quite unique for Vegas. 

3.5 stars rounded up to 4
Came for brunch on Sun, Dec 5, 2010.

The decor was very... interesting.  I remember the orange ceiling over part of the place brightening my mood.  Looking back at the pictures I took, the place kinda reminds me of... IKEA.  Which is a good thing, I think.

The owner (DW) was a very amicable guy.  However, note that there is no "jalapeno bacon salsa" (sorry, inside joke... or not, ask them for it!)

I had a very pleasant brunch, but, in an effort to be objective, I have to say there was nothing outstanding about my food.  I had an omelet, one friend the breakfast sandwich, one friend the chicken and waffle, and one the couscous.

No one was especially delighted about their food except the couscous -- I remember a remark about how amazingly fluffy it was.

I would recommend this place if you are looking for a brunch place to try out.  There is a Jamaican spin on things, and both the food and service was good.
Love the decor, especially the bathroom, and love the service. I think everyone has touched on that. But one thing I'd have to say is I love how they make their omelets and potatoes. Everything just tastes clean, its hard to explain, but its very refreshing to eat a breakfast that doesn't taste like a slob of grease. I also am very intrigued by their side sauces (Jamaican ketchup and a papya ginger type sauce), they weren't amazing at first but I kept finding myself pouring a little more and a little more until half the bottle was gone!

Again love the white and orange. The owners seemed nice, they stopped at alot of tables but never seemed to make it to ours, but hey I guess they were busy.  There isn't much negative I can say about the place, it's a place I'd definitely stop by again.
Stopped in DW Bistro for desert last night and was blown away. My group ordered the sampler; homemade red velvet cake, perfect chocolate cake, raisin-free carrot cake, and lemon-lime pudding. Amazing. And the service is nothing short of spectacular.

While indulging myself in sugar, I gazed at the brunch, lunch, and dinner menu. I'll be back for all three meals ASAP. I just moved to town from NYC and have yet to see a brunch menu like this in Vegas. Thank you DW Bistro!
I had family in town so I decided to try DW Bistro for dinner.  So glad we did.

We had to wait for some of our party to show up but they served us bread and drinks while we waited.  The bread is excellent.  Pretzel bread, brioche with onion and salt, and spicy lavash all with chipotle butter.  All were really good.  When the rest of our party showed up, the staff came back right away with more bread and ready to take more drink orders.

Based on the reviews, we had to try the chicken curry soup.  It was all I could dream of and more.  A very delicious cream-based soup.  

I ordered the fried chicken with gravy and cornbread.  The server also talked me into getting truffle mac and cheese.  All this was very, very good but way too much food.

My sister got the grilled jerk chicken.  It normally comes with rice but she asked for the jalapeno bacon mashed potatoes.  When they brought the rice instead and realized their mistake, they also brought the mashed potatoes at no charge.  More food.  

My husband got the jerk lamb shoulder.  It comes in a large bowl with rice on the bottom.  Once again, a lot of food.

The jerk chicken and lamb has a good spicy flavor to it, but not too spicy.  Despite that, the staff is very careful about explaining which things may be spicy, even though people should know if the word "jerk" is in the name.  

My sister's friend got the fish special of the day, which was actually a pretty reasonable portion size.  He was able to finish it all but the rest of us were stuck with leftovers, which wasn't a bad thing.  Everything but the gravy heated up nicely and tasted great the next day!

But we didn't make it to dessert.  Next time.  I did get to try a raspberry ginger fizz made with raspberries, mint, ginger beer, and vodka.  Very pretty drink with a strong ginger flavor, which I always enjoy. It can easily be made virgin according to the staff.

The service is really good.  Everyone is very interested in their product.  For example, the bread guy kept coming back to see how we liked the bread.  They are also very conscientious about refilling water and making sure everyone has drinks.

All the chairs are plastic and I think they need to go.  They look and feel flimsy and cheap.  Also, they only have one stall restrooms and one was broken while we were there. One stall restrooms are one of my pet peeves.  But it's a great restaurant and I will definitely be back!
Drove by many times but never stopped in, boy was I missing out!!  This is for sure my new favorite brunch destination.  It reminds me of some great places I've been to in San Fran or downtown Sacremento, love the vibe in this place.  Service was friendly and atmosphere was great.  Food was AMAZING!!  

I had the chicken and waffles, such great flavor, and the orange zest totally topped it off.  Chicken was super crispy and the waffles were a perfect mix of crisp outside, but cakey inside.  They offer a choice of hot sauces and with that addition it was even better, would totally reccomend this dish.

Husband had the New Mexico Slow Roasted Pork Bowl, pork was so tender and flavors were just the right amount of spice.

We also couldn't reisit the $20 bottomless mimosas and the lemon lime pudding with fresh berries and chocolate truffles.  I would HIGHLY recommend this place, everything was amazing, this is about to become my home away from home.
My friends and I just bumped into this bistro and was greeted very kindly by the staff.  

We just sat at the bar and they had an amazing selection of champagne and wine. Of course i order the usual vodkha on the rocks with 2 limes and they recommended me to try Hanger 1 instead of my greygoose and wow i love this Hanger 1.

We ordered appetizers to share. The jerk style chicken lollipops were delicious. Lots of spices to make it flavorful. The turkey sliders was okay. There was too much apple chutneyy taste to it. The Jamaican Chicken curry soup was amazing! I wanted to order more. That was my favorite dish. 

We met the executive chef and GM. The staff was really sweet. I noticed when every customer that came through the door they all knew each other like it was family in that restaurant. The decor was very chic and but stuffy. Great place!
1st time x'perience - LOVED IT! quaint place and off the beaten path...trust me, it's really good food! And the red velvet cake is so good.
I was introduced to this restuarant this week and I will definitely be back! The staff was pleasant as well as fully knowlegable about each dish. Highly recommend and fully expect this restaurant needing a reservation for seating once the word gets out.
Every single person we saw provided excellent service and greeted us warmly and genuinely:  greeter; server who took our drink order; main server; and the chef (and owner?), his colleague sitting next to him at the bar when we left (co-owner? manager?), and the bartender.

The food was excellent.  The three adults had slow-cooked pork: one bowl with rice, one bowl with couscous, and one hash.  The accompanying homemade tortillas were lovely.  The two-year-old had big, adult-textured, rustic chocolate chip pancakes and a side of bacon.

Yes, two-year-old.  The hip and vibrant decor suited all three generations.  And my Bloody Mary came with a giant bacon garnish.  Oh, hell yeah.
Yep, I still love DW Bistro.  It reminds me of some great neighborhood spots in LA, something Las Vegas is lacking on big time.

This time around I had the Jamaican Chicken Curry soup.  This is a seriously delicious soup.  The dynamic and complex flavor profile was developing with every spoonful.  

The soup is a coconut milk based soup rich with yellow curry, green chilis, jalapeno bacon, Chicken, and Shallots.  It packs a subtle yet substantial heat without overwhelming the other flavors. 

The Jamaican Chicken Curry Soup is wholesome and loving.  It feels like you're a little kid again, and your mom is wrapping you up in a  blanket fresh out of the dryer.  Feel the love!
OMG!! RUN don't walk to DW Bistro. The mix of Jamaican and Southwestern fair at this establishment creates a foodgasm on your palate. Their curried chicken soup is like something mama would make to comfort you on a cold winter's day, the meat on their dry rubbed ribs falls off the bone, and their macaroni and cheese with truffle oil bacon and mushrooms will make you want to slap yourself it's so tasty.  

Tired of the knick knack covered walls at your run of the mill chain restaurants? Well you'll find nothing of the sort here, the ambiance of this place makes even a Vegas local feel as though they have been transported to a chic boutique eatery  where both young and old are welcomed by tangerine walls and a star lined bar. To top it all off the service is second to none, our waiter Ernie and the manager Bryce made us feel like old friends. This is the place you want to bring your out of town guests or dine with friends and family.
This place has a very modern and trendy feel. Oddly, it reminded me of the cafes in Portland Oregon.

The persimmon infused vodka drinks were delicious, but definitely pricey. The bloody mary was tasty and garnished with a giant piece of bacon! 

The fried chicken was tender and flavorful, perfect! The Jamaican curry chicken was awesome, the curry had a unique flavor and wasn't too overwhelming.  

Good drinks, great food, I will definitely go back--and next time I am saving room for dessert!
It's nice. It's contemporary. It's bright.  It has a good social atmosphere.  Yeah, I'd probably come back sometime in the future.  

Although I enjoyed the atmosphere, some of the food did not stand up in comparison.  I had brunch with some friends, and the other three had traditional breakfast items that were not spectacular.  Not bad, but again, nothing impressive.  My husband did get the chicken and waffles, and as many other yelpers have complained, the waffles were a little tough and not crispy at all.  

I did thoroughly enjoy my vegetable curry with couscous.  The curry was flavorful and just delicious and the freshly made couscous complimented very well.

Again, worth trying again.
We really drive quite a ways to eat here regularly. The food is superb, but the fun part about the DW experience is interacting with the owners, Bryce & Dalton. It's one of those places where the owners take pride in their restaurant & make it worth the trip. AND, once you've gone a few times, you can brag to your friends that you know the owners. 

A few random observations: The atmosphere is trendy; there's a quaint outdoor eating area; they close early on Sundays & are closed altogether on Mondays which is unusual; the food is jerk-style, so if your sensitive on spicy food like me, your choices may be limited, however, if you're feeling extra picky, just ask & the chef will make something special just for you. You don't find that individual attention every day! 

They acquired the space next door - I imagine for more seating, banquets or special events. Either way, I'm sure they will be successful. They got something good going here.
If you like your food with a little kick this is the place for you. A unique menu with lots of interesting choices. I will be sure to come back to try more.  I had the Enchilada dish and enjoyed it but the Jalapenio bacon was amazing.

Came back for brunch and the food was even better!
Just finished dining at DW Bistro.  This small restaurant is definitely very likeable with it's well-lit, clean, modern decor.  There's also the option to dine at the bar and the outdoor patio.  The vibe is business-casual to upscale.  

Service was good even though there a few small bumps (nothing to raise attention to).  Also, the owners greeted us with enthusiasm, which I thought was very professional.

Foodwise, everyone gets an assortment of breads with chipotle butter.  My fiance orders a cup of the Jamaican Chicken Curry soup.  Wow, that stuff was good.  The soup's viscosity was more of a chowder, and had a smokey flavor with hints of curry.  Unfortunately, there were about two spoonfuls left before our server took it away.  On to our entrees...  He ordered the Jerk Filet that comes w/DW house rice.  There was no rice, boo.  Instead, garlic mashed potatoes that were just average.  I wonder if the DW rice is good?  I tried a small bite of his filet which was cooked medium rare.  The filet was cooked wonderfully.  However, be prepared for JERK!  We realized it is a jerk filet but the jerk was very overpowering, which in my opinion is somewhat wasteful for a filet mignon.  Todd said his food was good but HOT (we're home now, and he says he's still perspiring)!  His only side dish was the DW Sauteed Corn, yummy!  My entree was the Chicken with Roasted Garlic & Cream Sauce with Bowtie Pasta served with sauteed garlic, prosciutto, shallots and seasonal vegetables.  The dish looked stunning and everything was cooked well.  Unfortunately, it was quite bland.  I really wanted to like it but it just lacked flavor.

During the course of our dinner we had three glasses of wine, two rieslings and one pinot noir.  I must say I really liked the pinot noir which was by Alta Maria.

I really want to like DW because we were quite happy with the dinner breads, chicken curry soup, and sauteed corn--all of these were amazing.  I just have to assume we ordered the wrong entrees.  The mishap with the mashed potatoes is understandable as well as the soup being taken away a bit early too.  With all of these calculations I feel three stars is where we'll have to leave DW.  We'll be back to try some other things and would love to award five stars.
4 1/2 stars
Always a pleasure. I've been to DW about 10 times now for brunch and it's a winner. The jerk pork hash is scrumptious. Shredded pork and big potato chunks with tasty seasonings topped with a perfectly cooked egg and served with warm tortillas equals yummy brunch food in my book. This particular item is only $7 and is a generous portion! 
The bloody marys have a slice of jalapeño bacon along with the traditional garnishes. Genius! 
The turkey burger is also excellent. It is moist and tasty with a sweet mango raisin chutney on a chewy egg bun. The burger is served with sweet and salty sweet potato fries and a zesty aioli for dipping. Yum. I think it's $12. 
Haven't made it in for dinner yet but brunch on the patio is fabulous. 
Decor is very cute and service is very friendly and accommodating.
Lovely spot for a Sunday brunch. The decor is modern, bright and trendy.  It reminded me of a cute NYC or LA indoor/outdoor cafe. The menu had an interesting mix of omelets, berry french toast, chicken and waffles,   tuna nicoise salad, and sandwiches served with sweet potato fries.  I could tell the owners really take pride in making their restaurant special and unique-- even down to the variety of hot sauce bottles.  My only complaint is that the service was very very slow.  We were sitting for 10 minutes before we were even approached by our waitress.  Other than that it was great!
I cam here by accident, some friends brought me in....but I can tell you I have been back several times. The service is fantastic and the food is homemade and tasty. My only negative...I am not super impressed with the desserts, but that wont keep me from going back.
The hubby and I came to Vegas on vacation and a couple friends who live there wanted to take us out for dinner.  DW Bistro is definitely wayyy off the strip, but it was actually nice to get away from the Vegas lights for a couple hours.  

Little did we know that our friend was practically famous here.  He knows the owner (so this review may be lopsided....) but the food was SO good, so it still deserves the 4 stars for sure.  We had the Jamaican jerk ribs as an app, which was well spiced and had just the right kick in the face to get the meal started.  I had a fairly basic chicken pasta dish, the husband and one of our friends had the fried chicken and our other friend had the curry soup.  

I should have ordered what they had because the pasta was good but nothing outstanding about it.  The fried chicken was juicy and the sauce that comes with it was GREAT.  

They also have great seasonal cocktails and mojitos.  I would love to come here again and maybe my husband can teach Bryce how to tie a real bowtie.  =)

Thanks to D & V for taking us here, and to Bryce being such a great host!
Woke up on a lazy Sunday morning thinking "brunch"! So I searched nearby on the yelp app and found DW Bistro A Caribbean-American Place.  Perused the menu and it all sounded delicious.  

Located in a strip mall, this place has a great layout and concept.  Bright vibrant colors greet you as you walk in.  There is a bar inside that's great for eating and getting drinks while you wait for your table. The restaurant is on the smaller side so I assume on a Friday/Saturday night there will be a wait.  

The bartender greets us and seats us at a 2-top.  Our server took a minute to greet our table but the party next to us was large (~10 people).  He took our drink orders...but failed to talk about any specials going on. 

We ordered the seasonal fruit with fresh cream and mint. Which came out promptly and was fresh and delicious, not exactly what I expected for $9.00 but delicious, oh, did I mention that there was no cream on the plate. A healthier options...but still...cream is easy enough.

My partner ordered the Jamaican Jerk Fried Chicken and Waffles.  The batter was great! So savory but with a hint of sweetness to it, lots of herbs and spices went into the batter and seasoning. The chicken was all white meat and juicy and the batter did not weigh it down at all. The waffles were slightly sweet and married very well with the savory-ness of the chicken.  The syrup that accompanied the dish was lighter than syrup and more of a sauce, light, sweet...and herb-y. The dish was a cohesive thought and was very well executed. 

However, my entree did not fare so well.  I ordered the DW Nicoise Salad.  It came with seared ahi tuna and a mango-Dijon vinaigrette.  I was excited to eat this retro salad, however it fell so short! There was dressing on my salad, but it didn't taste like anything. Everything was bland.  There was no seasoning on the terribly seared ahi tuna.   No amounts of salt and pepper or even hot sauce could save this...huge disappointment, but it will not deter me from going back to try this place for dinner.
My friend and I went to DW Bistro for the first time this evening and it was lovely! 
The food was delicious, inventive and decently priced. The atmosphere was chic yet comfortable and the staff were helpful and attentive.
We really loved the community feel and the fact that the owners were out and about in the restaurant greeting guests [as well as letting us know they have a great brunch on the weekends. ; )]
Bummed that it's so far away from my house, but we will definitely be back!
Let me preface this two-star review by saying I'm sure my negative experience here was a fluke and that I am in the minority.  But here's the story, morning glory:

Got to DW Bistro, sat down, our waitress looked a little frazzled.  Ordered a lemonade and was told that drinks were running behind.  Finally got the lemonade 10 minutes later.  Waitress came over and took order for food.  And we waited.  And waited.  When the table next to us (who sat down AFTER us) got their food before us and we gave a quizzical look, the waitress came over and admitted she forgot to put in our order because she was helping another server with his table, and she put it in JUST NOW.  Ok...that sucks, but thanks for admitting the mistake.

And we waited some more.  Then a table who ordered their food AFTER the server really did put our order in got their food before us, too.  By now, my husband and I were upset.  We were told they would take care of our bill for us and apologized again.

The silver lining: when we finally did get our food, it was pretty amazing.  I got the grilled vegetable sandwich and my husband got the BLT (which is HUGE and you need to eat it with a fork and knife).  Be careful of the bacon...it's jalapeno bacon and very, very spicy.

I'm giving DW Bistro two stars because even though the food was delicious and I thought it very respectable that they gave us our meal for free, the service was pretty horrific (10 minutes to get drinks, 35 minutes to get food) on this visit.  I have hope for this place and WILL try them again, and then hopefully I can amend this review.  But for now...2 stars.
Great atmosphere and pretty good food!

We went for brunch and ordered a bunch of things.  The Jamaican Chicken Curry Soup was my favorite - very flavorful but I'd prefer a little more heat.

For the chicken and waffles, the chicken was well seaonsed and not dry considering many places can mess up a fried breast.  However, the waffles were a little on the dry side.  The flavor was spot on though.

Other favorites were the New Mexican slow cooked pork.  This is served in several ways.  You can get it in a bowl atop rice and an egg.  Or you can get it served in an omelette.

Whatever you do, if you go in a group, have one person order the slow cooked pork.  It's great.  

Heard the cury vegetable couscous lacked some heat.  

I think they should have it like a Thai setup with a 10 point scale.  When I think of Jamaican influences, I think of bold flavors. 

Everything was good...Some items couldve had some more heat.  Will def be back for dinner.  This place deserves all the hype.
Awesome atmosphere. Our server, the blonde lady, was nice and informative. Great place to stop 
for lunch or have a business client meet. I would have rated it five star, but the menu was a little limited and flavor combinations repeated themselves often from dish to dish.
This is the only place I reccommend in town! You'll find me here each sunday for brunch and mimosas, lunch during the same week, and on a date night for dinner. I love the welcoming staff, the entire menu, and the vibrant decor. I can't get enough of DW Bistro!!!
My favorite off the strip dining! I usually try their Dover Sole special and am not disappointed. Their turkey burger is always on point and sweet potato fries are the best! I've had servers remember my entire order from previous experiences, which was a nice bonus. I've only had 1 time where I wasn't wowwed, and that was because they didn't inform me they were out of the sides for my entree, and failed to substitute them. Owners are awesome and staff is super friendly!
Went for lunch..

-waitress Tanya looked like she was on crack. Girl acted like she was all that.. 
-asked to change our table and she made it sound like such a big hassle. Its like shit I dont get whats so hard about it.. Its not like there was more than 15 tables. But somehow we were moved from table 30 to 80 but whatever.
-the "sandwiches" were on hamburger buns
-took 30+ mins to get our food. 2 parties were served before us.. But they came after us. Tanya said it was because our appetizer order went in first.. Wtf? Why do the orders go in separately? I fall back because I ordered an appetizer? Makes no sense.
-place looks like ikea
-white and white-wash friendly place. Too bad we weren't.
-no caribbean customers so place dont seem legit
-extremely loud, the place echos

One star like the 1¢ tip I left tanya.
WOW DW Bistro keeps amazing me, first the food just keeps getting better and better. On thursday for lunch my server went above and beyond customer service. She recommended  the most tasty Jamaican Jerk Chicken Sandwich I've ever had; BELIEVE ME WHEN I SAY I WILL BE BACK FOR MORE! and they were celebrating their 1st year anniversary
We had brunch here yesterday. The hubby & I got a seat right a way when we arrived but the host seated us in a table that was not prepped with silverware let alone cleaned off. There was a perfectly ready table right across that he could have seated us in instead but what ever. Half a star off. 

Our food took over 1/2 an hour for the fist dish to come out. That's defiantly one star off. What we ordered:
- For starters: DW chicken lollipops $12 This was served under cooked. But we didn't complain cause by the time we were served the hubby & I were famished. For what ever reason I was thinking this dish would be crumbled-up chicken rolled up in bread crumbs and served on a skewer. Instead it's drumstick chicken with the the ends cut off to make the lollipop look. I wasn't impressed only because the bone exposed where shared and there was bits of shared bone on the meat. Over priced for my taste. 
Another 15 minutes later we get our main dishes.
- The hubby ordered: DW bowl of New-Mexican-style slow cooked pork $11. This dish came with a lot of kick and was delicious, I speak for my husband too, lol. Definitely worth the price
- I ordered: Jerk fried chicken & waffles $14 Now when I was ordered this I was thinking of Roscoe's chicken & waffles just w/a Jerk flava. I sure wasn't reading the description when I ordered this, lol. As stated the chicken was served on top of the waffles. I'm not a cook per se but I don't think that's a good idea. Well the description goes on to say atop crispy waffles but if not served right a way it withers down and takes the crisp a way, which it did. But I must say their signature syrup was delicious. The chicken though was slightly over breaded but came with a good amount Jerk flava. 

The atmosphere is really nice, I agree with the other comments it does look like the inside of Ikea. Aside from the Jamaican hot sauce bottles and the color splash in the restroom it could use a dash more Caribbean feel to make it complete. The restaurant fairly sized with outdoor seating but deng it got pretty loud inside, lol. 

The house manager was nice enough to make his rounds and check on guest but of course misses our table so another half star off. I know it's sound a little petty but it makes me feel because I'm brown, lmfao. 

So overall 3 stars for now. I say that because we're definitely coming back to try out their dinner menu and who know's we might get to meet the owners next time.
DW Bistro has quickly become one of our favorite local restaurants.  We have been multiple times and frequently bring our friends.  The look of the restaurant is ultra-modern and chic.  Everything on their menu is delicious with a Jamaican/New Mexican spin.  The Jamaican Jerk Chicken and Waffles are my absolute favorite.  Their specials are always worth trying since their cooks invent fantastic dishes daily.

This would be a 5-star experience if it weren't for the inconsistent service.  There are 3 waitresses here who all seem somewhat scatter brained.  They're all very friendly ladies, but when it's busy, you can guarantee that you will be forgotten for a while.  There are also inconsistencies with a couple of menu items (the bowl of fruit doesn't actually come with fresh cream or fresh mint and the New Mexican Bowl comes at varying levels of spiciness).
I have to agree with My T. on this one, the ambiance is unique for Vegas.  I have to also agree with Thao T., it is very bright and contemporary.  And last but not least, I have to agree with Duy L, the owner (DW) is a very amicable guy.  You can tell as soon as you see him that he is the owner and takes pride in his food.  (BTW the above shout outs are all long time friends of mine, I just wanted them to feel cool)

Okay moving on, the place itself is very feel good.  Bright lights, very fun, friendly atmosphere.  The food is very good in my opinion, we had the brunch.  I had the breakfast sandwich.  Packed with flavor and not too greasy, which is always a good thing.  I tried my friends Chicken and waffles, but there is too much competition out there for this to be the best.  And the curry was excellent also, I could have devoured my friends plate.

I would come here again, it stands out in Vegas.
Now this is what dining is all about. Hopefully other restaurants will take a look at this quaint neighborhood dining experience and learn a thing or two. 

I HIGHLY endorse DW Bistro first, because they know what service is all about. The moment you walk into the door, you are immediately greeted and offered a place to sit, or you can wait at the bar or lounge area until a table is available (sorry, no reservations accepted for groups smaller than 10). 

The decor is very stylish and they have a patio area for alfresco dining. The wait staff is prompt to recognize you and take your drink order. I recommend either a Solerno Martini (blood orange infused Vodka and liquor) or a Strawberry/Ginger Mojito. 2 of these, and the night is one unbelievable experience. 

If you like a little kick in your food, you won't be disappointed with their Jamaican/New Mexican fusion entrees. Choose from Braised Oxtail, Fried Chicken, Jerk Filet or Jerk Lamb Chops to name a few. All are served in generous portions with accompanying sides or you can select additional items including Mac & Cheese with truffle oil, sautéed corn, seasoned mashed potatoes or fried plantains. 

Save room for dessert too! If you haven't ordered a third cocktail, get ready for a slice of their "always in demand" Red Velvet cake. 

Throughout the evening, one of the owners will visit your table to ensure your experience at DW is going fabulously. They do this frequently, but are not overbearing, to learn more about their patrons and what they like about the place. 

I've been here a few times recently and have never been disenchanted. I suggest you try for yourself and bring along plenty of friends to influence!
My girl and I went here for an early dinner yesterday.  For starters, we waited over 5 minutes before a server even came over to greet us.  No big deal.  Drinks came out quickly and soon the appetizer we ordered (chicken lolipops).  It was pretty good albeit just dressed up, snazzy chicken wings.

I ordered the filet and my girl ordered something that we later found out, after waiting 10 minutes that the kitchen was out of.  So, she ended up ordering the lamb.  We both ordered our meals medium.

It took over 40 minutes to get our meals.  Pretty bad considering there was only 3 other tables filled in the restaurant.  When our food came out my filet was burnt and my girlfriend's lamb was extremely rare.

I told the server of the problem with my filet and sent it back.  Didn't send back the lamb because my girlfriend had loaded up on bread during the hour and 20 minutes we had to wait to get our food and she wasn't hungry anymore.

Another 30 minutes pass and I finally get the new filet only to have it also well done.  I didnt complain, just accepted it and asked for a togo container for both meals.

We got the check and I was told the cook was new and was in training and the server apologized for the screw up on our meals.  He then said that instead of charging us for 4 glasses of wine that he only charged us a bottle.  Fantastic, I thought until I saw how much each glass cost.

I dont mind paying a good bit for a quality meal however in my opinion just about everything except for the chicken wing appetizers was mediocre if not subpar.   I have had better mashed potatoes out of a box.  I ended up paying over $100 including tip.  Grossly over charged considering the experience and the quality of the food.

After spending over 8 years as a server and front of house manager in restaurants I know what to expect and how to treat customers.  We should have never been allowed to pay for the filet and the manager should have dropped by to ask and comment on the filet.  Totally unacceptable experience we had.

We won't be returning to DW Bistro ever again.
Ok I have to say that this is a restaurant that I really want to believe in. I believe that they are better than what I experienced, food wise, and I will return there one day for dinner expecting more. Ok so on with the review. 

I went there for lunch and was really smitten with the decor, derive and patio. Its a beautiful place to eat. Their lunch menu had a nice selection.of Caribbean and southwest inspired foods .I had the shrimp and chorizo appie, curry.chicken bowl and.the portobello mushroom burger. Although each item was true to the cuisine they were all just missing that little extra something that made this reviewer give it 3 instead of 4 stars. The flavor just wasn't quite developed enough for me but I have a hunch that by dinner time that flavor that makes Caribbean food so good will have woken.up. Until next time DW.
There are not many restaurants that are walking distance from my house so when this place opened, I knew I had to check it out! DW is great from the moment you walk in - the servers are all so friendly and the decor is trendy and stylish. I have only been here for brunch but I have been a handful of times. I try to order something different each time I go and each time is better than the last. When you're craving something sweet the challah french toast with caramelized bananas will certainly do the trick or go for the pastry basket with fresh scones and chocolate croissants. For the savory breakfast, I cannot praise the jerk pork hash enough. It is just the right amount of spice and the potatoes are delish! My friend had the chicken and waffles and is still raving about them to this day. Mimosas and Bloody Mary's (with a strip of spicy crispy bacon) are an absolute must for Brunch. Yum Yum Yum!! Now I just need to get over there for dinner....
The only thing stopping me from giving this place 5 stars was the service.  It's not that the service was bad, just slow.  The waitstaff was busy, I just think they needed another waiter or 2.  They also have the most uncomfortable plastic chairs!

They don't have a wine list here, but they will bring you samples of a few wines to try which was a very nice touch.  I think we sampled 4 different wines before choosing a bottle of the Dirt Red.  2 of the 3 us picked this as our favorite.

On to the food!  It was delicious!!  We started with appetizers - the curry soup, the house salad and the cream/goat cheese with pesto.  The soup was fantastic and the pesto was some of the best I've ever had.  You could tell it was fresh, not made with fillers and it was not nearly enough to go with the huge piece of cheese.  We asked for a little more pesto and our waiter brought a small dish with plenty for all of us.

For the main course, we had the vegetable curry, the jerk baked fried chicken and the shredded pork with red chiles.  Everything had great flavor and was a huge portion (we all brought home leftovers).  Our waiter forgot to bring our side of corn, but that was okay after we saw the size of our meals.  

We did splurge on dessert and went with the cake sampler platter; a slice of carrot, chocolate and red velvet cake.  Now for a sampler, we expected to each have a taste of each flavor, but nooooo, it seemed like there were 3 almost full slices of cake on the plate.  All the flavors were good, but not spectacular.  I'd skip this next time easily.

I for sure will come back here next time I'm in Vegas, it's not that far off the strip and well worth the drive!
I wish there was more to praise about DW Bistro than I previously posted, but I must stress the service, presentation and the creations are what makes this a hip, chic, neighborhood bistro. 

Having a martini delivered to you and your guest when you enter the door is classy and very much remembered. Of course there was a slight wait before a premium seating was available, but that's what the martini was for...to allow you time to relax and get comfortable with the dining atmosphere.

The wait staff was extremely attentive and ensure your experience was a memorable one.

I could rave about the crispy salmon, oxtail, and even fried chicken. If you like a little "kick" in your courses, there is plenty available.  Don't forget their daily mashed potatoes...I ordered some by themselves "to go!"

Desserts are also not to be missed...red velvet cake, carrot cake or their sampler are all meant to be shared (if you want to!).

I hope they continue with their expansion and encourage you to experience this little gem tucked away in the western hills.
I love the concept behind this restaurant.  It is trendy and affordable.  Some items on and off the menu however can use a little fine tweaking if not revamping.  We ordered a couple of appetizers including a DW appetizer special for the day and the oven roasted baby back ribs.  The ribs were ordinary while the calamari was terrible! I mean, have you ever had candied calamari before? I have, here! The sugar and breading that coated the calamari made the dish a tough and unappetizing one. It's a good thing the entrees made up for the starter mess.  For entrees, we had the jerk lamb chops, jerk chicken scampi over linguine, the filet with bordelaise served over mash f the day, the pan seared salmon and the Jamaican curry chicken. The lamb was juicy, cooked to my desired doneness and seasoned perfectly.  The filet with bordelaise was so so, I've had better breaded fish.  The jerk chicken scampi over linguine was really good.  I recommend this one for anyone who likes to try something new and delicious.  Unfortunately, I did not get to sample the pan seared salmon nor the Jamaican curry chicken. No desserts were ordered as we were all very full.  The price is absolutely reasonable for the portions.  

One thing I like about the place is that the owner of the bistro comes around.  He remembers his patrons and engages in conversation with them.  Another plus to the bistro is their corkage policy.  We brought three bottles of wine and enjoyed it and shared it with everyone in our group.

I am excited about this place.  It is promising.  They just need to work on their specials and their starter menu.
This restaurant is a nice hidden gem on the west side of the valley.  Trendy, cool, and fresh.  It's a fusion restaurant with influences of Jamaican and tastes from New Mexico in their cuisine.  This place is perfect for a date.  

When I walked into the restaurant, I first noticed the chic decor, artwork, and open space.  They have a patio area, but my friend and I ate inside since it was full on a Friday night around 7:30 p.m.   However, we were seated promptly.

I was going to make reservations in advance, but noticed on their website that they only take them for parties of 8 or more.  

When we asked for a wine list, they didn't have one but I didn't care since I'm not a wine connoisseur.  We just took recommendations from the waiter.

The price points for the cuisine on their dinner menu look reasonable.  I ordered the chicken with roasted garlic & cream sauce over bowtie pasta which was a generous size portion for $13.  The presentation of the dish was impressive and the temperature of the meal when it came to the table was just right.  It was warm enough, but not too hot.  The flavors blended well.  Delicious!    

Dessert was amazing too!  We ordered a chocolate whipped cream which melted in my mouth.

I definitely recommend this place and will be back for sure to try other things on their menu.
I decided to check this place out ,been on the radar for a few months .  It was pretty empty, kinda scary.  
          I got the chix curry soup DW salad as starters the soup was a little salty for my taste it had a nice curry / coconut flavor , wife loved it.
       we also tried the jerk chicken salad the chix was flavorful ,but the breast looked like half of one very small., it came with jicama , orange, mac nuts and a mango vinaigrette. The salad was dressed really light ,for my taste. 
    I had the braised short ribs with a port bordelaise sauce the short ribs were tender but the sauce was  thick and had a non discript flavor , kind of muddled flavors.   It was on a bed of mash sweet pot? It was orange  like sweet potato,but did not have the sweetness of sweet potato? The color threw my taste buds for a loop, because every bite expecting sweet but getting a bland mash potato flavor, not good to mess with my taste buds like that, bad.
          My wife had the special which was the dover sole in a tortilla crust , it was a large piece of fish . over mash with 3 sauces, red roasted pepper sauce , mango/pepper sauce don't remember the 3rd sauce lots of things going on in this dish , which in this case was a good thing ,because everything worked well together. it had better at  $38 it better rock somebody's world and it did , wife loved it .
        They had a nice bread basket that you chose out of , I had the brioche it was very good, wife  had the pretzel bread , before i could see about getting another piece of bread the butter was whisked away, wth. Tight with the bread? 
       We had the caribean ,chocolate bottom pie with bananas , it was awesome. Pretty much if  a restaurant has some kind of banana dessert, I will get it, glad we did.  
         Service was lacks, when the server was there, he talked too much then , he would disappear for awhile. The servers mostly looked  young ,i'm guessing a little bit inexperienced. 
         Menu is very imaginative and with some of the dishes was spot on and you can tell the chef has skills, just a little bit more fine tuning and I would not hesitate to come back , but for the prices I expect a little more bang, sorry .
DW is perfect for brunch. 

I am always looking for delicious breakfast spots in town. The decor here is modern, chic and Caribbean. I love the Red Stripe chalk board with the tide time on it. Nice touch.

I had the jerk chicken and waffles and my
buddy had eggs benedict with jalepeno bacon! SOOOOOOOOO YUMMY! The chicken was perfectly crispy with orange zest infused in the crust. Each dish was around $10 but there were cheaper options. 

They have great outdoor seating for those beautiful mornings.
I've wanted to try this place forevvvaaa and it totally met my expectations.  It's a little off the strip mid tier hip type restaurant.  I wouldn't call it high end but it definitely has some high end qualities to the options and presentation in their foods.

I ordered the braised short ribs with a glass of their house cab which went very well together.  The short ribs literally melted in my mouth.  Tender and soft as expected.  The dish also comes with some purple mash potatoes.  My first thoughts were.."oooo purple, must be something unique" but......they were not.  Pretty bland and actually chunky mash potatoes.  If they let you substitute out a side, I'd go for it.

What really surprised me was their chicken curry with "cus cus?"  Very tasty and the portion size was also huge.  The filet was juicy and loaded with flavor as well.

Will definitely come back to try more
3.5 stars. 

I think the saving grace for today's visit was the chocolate croissant! It was probably one of the best chocolate croissant's I've ever had. We decided to order the pastry basket (chocolate croissants and white chocolate blueberry scones) since the server highly recommended it.  I wanted to try the Pork Jerk Hash since Robyn L. recommended it. The fiancé went for the BLT. The pork was so dry that it was tough to chew....it was spicy too which was expected for a "jerk" style pork but it was too spicy for me. The BLT was huge!!!! Yet again it was super spicy, the chipotle mayo sauce made it so it was so spicy that I could barely eat it and I could feel my stomach lining burn. I wish they had a warning level of the spicyness like in Thai food. We only ate half of each our plates. Maybe I'm just not the type for Jamaican food, but when we came for dinner I did really enjoy it. I am disappointed after spending 40 dollars on brunch and feeling like I didn't have a satisfying meal. If I could just order the chocolate croissant I would come here everyday.
DW Bistro food delivers. A perfect balance between spicy and sweet. Well worth a trip away from the Vegas strip to satisfy your taste buds. Plenty of ambiance and great martini selection.
Being a new mom, I am always looking for baby-friendly restaurants. There are tons of fabulous places to eat on the strip, but I try to avoid bringing the baby into casinos because of the smoke. I called ahead to DW Bistro to ask if I needed a reservation for 2 adults and a baby and was told they only take reservations for parties of 8 and up. It was fine, since we arrived around 6pm and there was a table available in the back, with plenty of room for the stroller. Let me just say, I have eaten at pretty much every high-end restaurant in Vegas, and I was blown away by the food at DW Bistro! Everything, from the mango-pomegranate iced tea to the main course, was outstanding. The house salad: excellent. I'm a vegetarian so I was happy to see a vegetable curry dish on the menu. I ordered it with coucous instead of rice, and it was amazing. When we were winding down, the man himself, DW, stopped by our table. He was so friendly and charming! I love this place! The decor is gorgeous, they play soothing jazz standards, and they truly are baby-friendly without being an outright "family" restaurant.  Oh, and they have a full bar, too! My new favorite local spot.
Can't say enough great things about DW. This place has been highly recommended by many and I finally went for dinner with a business associate/friend who is a regular mid-week in June. The decor and vibe is terrific - tucked into a shopping center on the SW side of town. The entire staff is incredibly warm and welcoming. Met one of the owners, Bryce. Terrific guy and incredible entrepreneur. My friend enjoyed the blood orange martinis. I had a glass of terrific sauvignon blanc. Also tried a salad and sampled the truffled mac and cheese as well as the salmon entree. Brought home leftovers and my husband raved about the truffled mac and cheese, studded with bacon and mushrooms -- pronouncing it "just right."   Everything was fabulous, including the bread.  I'm anxious to return for lunch and brunch as well.  I hear the pastries and desserts are incredible.
Cute little spot.  We need more little indie spots like this one.  Caribbean-inflected menu.  Lots of jerk-spiced stuff.  The food didn't blow me away, but the service and overall experience make it worth a trip.
This place is my favorite little spot in Vegas these days. I have not only been a part of a large party dining there, but often go and sit at the bar by myself for dinner. For a hot spot, they are also very kid-friendly. The atmosphere is always trendy, but cheerful. Dalton and Bryce are by far the most inviting hosts I have ever met-and boy can Chef Dalton cook! 
Pros:
*The cute bartender- San who makes the best margarita's in town.:)
*The mouth watering turkey burger
*All Pastries
*The fresh- locally grown vegetables
*Chicken Curry (Dalton style)
*Fried Chicken
*The imported Jamaican products such as their own ketchup, hot sauces,   Ting drink etc.
*Their home brewed iced teas, fresh squeezed lemonade, and rum or vodka infusion to add to drinks.
*Sunday Brunch (all you can drink mimosa's for $20!)

Cons:
You eat so much, you nearly split your pants. :)

I can see why this fairly new restaurant is thriving-Cheers to DW! Thank you for consistent, incredible food and service.
OMG! I had dinner there last night and it was amazing. The service was great and the food was out of this world. I had fried chicken with creamy jerk gravy...all I can say is yummy!!! I also had a tropical fruit desert...so good. Prices were reasonable for portions and quality of food. Great place.
Another amazing meal! There is a fine attention to detail in every dish I've tasted here. I ordered two specials: a seafood ceviche with a honey chipotle sauce that was hot, sweet, and perfectly balanced, followed by an entree of  sea scallops and filet over celery root / roasted garlic mash. 

5 stars all the way. Can't wait to go back.
Walked in with my mom & aunt and loved the decor right away. Was a little disappointed when the server came to the table and when I asked for regular iced tea they only some sweetened kind, but she made up for it by telling me that they had fresh lemonade which was delicious. Then another serve comes around with a basket of bread of two choices pretzel baguette or brioche bun that comes with a chipotle mango butter. I suggest the brioche bun it was delicious. 
    Now onto the food....
For an appetizer we had the pesto torte which was a creamy tower of goat cheese and cream cheese topped with a sweet chili sauce macadamia nuts and a little pesto served with crackers and lavosh on the side. And for someone who doesn't like goat cheese this was a great way to try it.
Though the menu isn't too big reading all the choices and descriptions can make it hard to decide since everything sounds so good and the server seemed to have raving reviews of everything on the menu which made it even harder lol. 
So when we did decided to order I went for the DW chicken because I tell myself if they have fried chicken and cornbread on their menu it better be as good as possible because I am very picky about my fried chicken and cornbread...and live up the the standard it did. The chicken has a kick but not too much and is simply served on top of a bed of satueed mixed vegetables with a huge chunk of cornbread which they top with melted honey butter and a bowl of gravy on the side. My mom got the New Mexico style chili pork which comes with 2 eggs on top whatever way you want them. It was a huge portion of slow cooked spicy pork on top of a bed of white rice. My aunt got the roasted garlic chicken pasta which was really light for a pasta that had a cream sauce. We purposely didn't finish dinner so we could have dessert and even though there was no menu the server recited all the wonderful choices from memory even the specials which sounded good but we opted for the jamaican carrot cake and was once again not disappointed in the least bit. The chunk of cake was so beautiful and so big that as good as it was we couldn't finish the whole thing amoung the three of us.
So to overview decor amazing, all three courses amazing, house made lemonade amazing, and service amazing. I will definitely make this a regular spot.
Tried DW's brunch for the first time today with family. Outstanding. Innovative. Delicious! Special thumbs up for the staggering and inventive variety of savory non-egg items! (My husband doesn't do eggs so I have a tough time talking him into brunching with me. Even he loved DW's brunch!)
Always consistently great service and food. Tonight we indulged in Bryce's "special" blood orange martini's and a couple of appetizers. Never disappointed, the drinks delivered and food spot on. Love the rib appetizer and "shrimps" with chorizo. We always leave DW happy...
I hesitate to hand this review out, because this is a rare occurence in Vegas, and I may lose my secret foodie heaven. Anyplace that can take something as mundane as a grilled chicken breast sandwich and turn it into something so unique and flavorful that I crave it, is extraordinary. I have had at least 5 other entrees there and none have disappointed. The jerk chicken and waffles is phenomenal. Slow cooked pork with New Mexico chili topped with over easy egg is spicy love in a bowl.
Great service, friendly atmosphere, full bar, super specials, just go..
Went in for girls brunch yesterday. Couldn't resist having my usual jerk pork hash. Spicier than before; delicious. 

Probably still my favorite bloody Mary in town. The jalapeño bacon and dill pickle really do the trick. 

My girlfriend partook in bottomless mimosas for $20. Not bad if you have 3 or 4 and get your money's worth. 

My mom and girlfriend had the special omelette with mushrooms, spinach, turkey, roasted red peppers and blue cheese. They loved it! A bit pricey $16. But they weren't complaining. 

On the contrary, my jerk pork hash is priced low at $7 and is enough for 2 meals!

Breakfast was $120 for three with tip! Yowsa! $50 of that was drinks. Guess that's what you get when you are a lush in  the morning. 

Service was attentive and excellent as usual.  They refill your water after every sip. 

Still haven't been for dinner but have had brunch about 10 times!
Wonderful!  Great anytime--especially for weekend brunch.  Nice neighborhood place!
Hands Down, the best restaurant i've been too since living here in Las Vegas. One of the chefs, Chef Green made a portion of our food and delivered not only a great presentation but an amazing burst of flavor on our pallets. 

We went for brunch, everyone was so friendly. The ambiance was relaxing and inviting. The owners came around and spoke with us. He's such a humble individual, you'd never know he was the owner until he says his name. 

I'm a photographer and the art they have in their main lobby is AMAZING. Must see for yourself!

 I need to go back and try their lollipop chicken. I mean Jamaican infused goodness, great services and a fun environment to be in, that's a recipe for a great experience. 

LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
This is probably one of the best local restaurants in Las Vegas. Everything is excellent: the food, the drinks, the service, the decor, the ambiance...it really doesn't get any better than this, for a local spot. As an avid foodie, I was very impressed. We went there with a party of four people, for an early dinner seating. We were greeted nicely and were seated immediately. As for the decor, it is a nice mix of modern with hints of rustic. I wouldn't necessarily call this place eclectic, but it's somewhere along those lines. The industrial feel of the ceiling is a great touch. 

We shared two appetizers that were mentioned as specials by our server who, by the way, was exceedingly attentive and knew the entire menu by heart - but not in a "this is what I'm supposed to tell you" kind of way. One appetizer consisted of a few shrimp, drenched in a garlicky, lemony sauce, with generous portions of chorizo sausage. They are served alongside buttered bread, making them excellent vessels for leftover sauce. They were absolutely delicious. We also shared the BBQ ribs, which were also delicious and perfectly cooked. They fell right off the bone, and thankfully did not taste overly smokey (no moist towlettes necessary either). The ribs come with a side of grilled pineapple, which perfectly complemented the meat portion. Overall, we were quite impressed by our choice of appetizers.  

As for our entrees, we decided to share four plates: jerk lamp chops, chicken curry, slow cooked pork, and braised short ribs. Without a shadow of a doubt, they were all amazing, and it was hard to decide which was the best. We could have done without the lamb chops, as you can basically get those anywhere, yet the ones they serve at DW do have a hint of delicious jerk seasoning, but were somewhat overcooked. They are served over roasted, seasonal vegetables. The slow-cooked pork is served in a bowl, atop white rice. The sauce is very spicy (though you can tell your server how you feel about spices), and tasted similar to a Mexican "pibil" sauce (made with achiote paste), or a Mexican mole. We couldnt' really identify the ingredients used, but they tasted delicious! As for the short ribs, these were also excellent...perfectly cooked in a melt-in-your-mouth manner. They are served alongside one of the best mashed potatoes I have ever tasted in Las Vegas. Lastly, we shared the chicken curry, which is served in a large bowl. It tasted nothing like Indian or Thai curry, but had a distinct, garlicky sauce that was to die for....perfectly seasoned, and perfectly cooked. I thought the string beans added the perfect amount of crunch as well. And, the curry is served over cous cous, which absorbs the creaminess of the curry and is really quite amazing. 

We couldn't decide on a dessert, so we went for the dessert sampler. Little did we know that we would be served full-sized portions of different dessert items. There were three cakes: red velvet (delicious, with white chocolate shavings on the cream cheese frosting), chocolate mousse cake (very chocolatey and, surprisingly, not very heavy), and Jamaican carrot cake (it was probably my favorite of the three). Also, there were hand-rolled chocolate truffles...delicious. And, a lemon pudding that was refreshing and velvety. We couldn't finish it all. 

For drinks, we tried their version of Mojitos, which were made with fresh lime juice, muddled mint, and strawberries. We only had one each, as we felt that if we were to go for a second, we would immediately feel a buzz. 

We loved this place, and cannot wait to go back soon, especially for their brunch service on Saturdays and Sundays. The only negative thing I have to say is that they were out of their DW chorizo and saffron rice, which I would imagine is to die for. I'll have to go back and hope they have it then. We each ate for around $50, including drinks and tip. And finally, I have to say that I love the location of the restaurant...it's in a nice, quiet neighborhood that seems very lively and happening at night.
It wasn't love at first site, but after my return visit I see the light. The food this time around was excellent. To start, a beef carpaccio that was rich and savory. Followed by a seafood gumbo was filled with crab meat and spices that warmed the soul. 

For entrees we shared their delicious signature salad featuring pecans, orange slices, and goat cheese that was lightly dressed with a balsamic vinaigrette. Along with the salad, we dined on a medium rare filet with borderlaise sauce served over a heaping mound of blue cheese mashed potatoes, green beans, and tomatoes.

To finish the meal we had a piece of their house-made carrot cake with white chocolate shavings and fresh berries. It wasn't your typical carrot cake. It had a much lighter texture than the dense spice cake found elsewhere and it was a bit sweeter with the multiple layers of cream and the white chocolate. It definitely satisfied my inner fat kid.

Unlike my first visit, the stellar service and food left me craving a return visit before I even left.
Hip and tasty!  I jones for the Turkey Burger. Private room for events
LOVE DW Bistro. Everything I've tried has been fantastic! I've been there countless times since they opened one year ago. I always take out of town guests here too....so nice to have such a fantastic place off the strip. Well done Bryce and Dalton!
Unique, Bold and Mouthwatering Cuisine!!! 

Everything bursts with flavor! Do not be afraid of the "Pickapeppa" hot sauces-an added plus!

Very fresh, hip and clean atmosphere. Great decor! 

Owners are always present. They seem to pour a lot of love into this operation, and it shines through on the plate. 

Always a great experience. I don't think DW is capable of disappointment.
A Sunday requested off work for my birthday clearly means one thing: brunch. I decided I wanted an intimate brunch with a few friends in order to celebrate, and after hearing about this place through an acquaintance, we set off to DW Bistro.

The restaurant itself is gorgeous - bright, well-decorated with gorgeous artwork, modern. We waited about ten minutes before actually being seated, which was understandable for a Sunday brunch. Once seated, however, service was sporadic - uncomfortably attentive at first which eventually drifted into long unexplained periods of absence. 

My friends had ordered both the Blueberry White Chocolate Scones and the Pastry Basket. The former were absolutely orgasmic - light, airy, studded with fresh blueberries (though lacking in the white chocolate department). They were then featured in the latter, alongside Chocolate Croissants, turnovers of mysterious fruity containment, blueberry muffins, and cranberry almond scones. The chocolate croissants were delicious - rich, flaky, perfect. The others were somewhat lacking - mediocre at best. 

As for entrees, both a friend and I ordered the Jerk Chicken and Waffles while the other ordered the Tuna Nicoise salad. The chicken and waffles were delicious - ordinary at first with a kick of spice bites later. As for the Tuna Nicoise, huge pieces of Ahi tuna were barely seared atop greens with all of the normal accoutrements. Mango on the side was a random, but welcomed addition to the salad. As for the portions, the prices definitely are right on. All of us finished half of our entrees before calling it quits. 

More into service, there were long gaping moments were no service was to be found - extremely awkward when you're trapped in a restaurant's alcove with a table of gay men casting judgmental eyes toward your outfit! The worst part of the DW experience was handling a price discrepancy for the Pastry Basket. As we received our check, we found that we were charged extra for an upgraded pastry basket when we asked for the one specified on the menu. While I took a detour to the bathroom to avoid conflict with the waiter, I came back to the tail end of the conversation to which our waitress bluntly told my friends that while she'd fix it, that the price she charged was ultimately right.  

Food wise, DW Bistro has me mesmerized - I am smitten. However, service was lacking, but when I think of those blueberry white chocolate scones, it isn't enough to discourage another visit.
DW Bistro is as good if not better than Vintner Grill in Summerlin. It's probably better because it's a little cheaper and a lot easier to get a table and find. 

My friend and I ordered the smoked turkey panini. I know boring as all get out, but if they can't do a smoked turkey panini correctly no sense in trying the rest. What came out was a heavenly lunch without all the bull crap. 

The service was beyond superb (except for the no-split check rule, which should be addressed by mgmt). After working in restaurants and eating at them all the time it was nice not to have a service staff that had it together without trying so hard.  They don't use your name 3 times, they don't try to upsell, they don't try to start awkward small talk, the don't run around because of being short staffed. Essentially, this restaurant is transported from another city.

The panini was f'ing fantastic. A toasted sub can go one of two ways: it can kill the roof of your mouth with food falling out the other side of the sandwich or it can add more structure to the bread ensuring that the delicious ingredients stay in place. Their sub was perfectly assembled, just the right amount of dressing and the meat was in ample portion. It was spicy, cool and flavor loaded all in one. It came with sweet potato fries and a dipping sauce and  even the portion of that was perfect.

They really must work on the size of their glassware though. They serve a tasty pomegranate iced tea in a Pilsner glass with a straw and the thing is about 14" tall on the table. Unless standing or at the bar, you have to scoot the glass into your lap every time you take a drink. Leaning it just didn't seem right.

Aside, from that I was a happy camper. If you don't split checks, don't make a point to argue the fact. The server was really nice about the whole thing, i.e. no eye rolling. But, break out the calculator and do the math. Business ppl have expense reports to turn in and an IOU from friend to friend just isn't official in the eyes of the IRS.
4.5 stars

This review is for the Restaurant Week 2011 Breakfast.

This was my first visit to DW Bistro.  I've been going to try it but never thought about going there when I was thinking of a different place.  Restaurant Week 2011 gave me a great reason to go.

The breakfast menu (good only Saturday and Sunday) had 3 courses.  The first two courses had three choices each and the third course - dessert - no choice but you didn't need any choice.  More on that later.

For my first course, I chose the DW oatmeal with toasted coconut and cream.  There were fresh berries including blueberries, red and yellow raspberries, blackberries, and some currants.  The toasted coconut added a texture and flavor that made this a great dish.  4/5 rating.

For the second course, I asked the advice of my server and I went with the crab cake Eggs Benedict with spicy Hollandaise and breakfast potatoes.  The crab in the cake was excellent.  The spicy Hollandaise was great, and the house potatoes had a zing that made them very tasty when compared with the normal fried breakfast potatoes.  5/5 rating.

Dessert course -- talk about decadent!  As I said, there was no choice for the dessert course because it was a sampler of four of DW's desserts.  They were: Red Velvet cake, whipped peanut butter pie, lemon-lime pudding with one blueberry (neat presentation for this), and Jamaican black bottom banana cream pie.  5/5 rating.

Service:  My server was Maggie and I never had to sing "Wake Up Maggie May."  She was on top of everything including getting me a clean saucer and a clean up from some spilled coffee--without me asking.  She also recommended the crab Benedict because it's not available all the time but my other choice is on the regular menu.  That's what a good server does and Maggie was superb!

A few little minuses - the oatmeal could have been served a bit hotter; what ever happened to spoons in restaurants in Las Vegas?  Do we have a severe spoon shortage of which I'm unaware.  I didn't get one with my coffee, but I didn't need one as I drink it black.  She only knew I didn't need cream.  What about sweetener?; and, the noise level was a bit high for so few people there.  There is little wall covering to absorb the sounds.  It wasn't bothersome, but it was noticeable.

Now that I've been here, I know I'll be back for dinner and another breakfast to try the jerk pork hash.
The only disappointment was that the DW does not stand for "DarkWing Duck."

This is a cute little place tucked up on the far southwestern side of Vegas. The DW, as I was told, stands for the first initials of the owners, D and W. I noticed it on a list of restaurants participating in Restaurant Week (a local charity event), and when I got a recommendation from one of my managers, it went on my list of places to try.

But when our crew got there and looked at the regular menu, the prix fix Restaurant Week menu went out the door as we looked at all the tasty brunch options. The eggs were tasty and unique. Scrambled eggs left sitting can get hard and un-delicious. Yes, I said un-delicious. But somehow, the eggs here were softer and tastier than other places. The toast is made from some kind of sweetened bread, and when you top it off with their apricot preserves, it's some kind of wonderful.

Elite Emily had the Jamaican Omlette, and Mama Elite had the New Mexico Pork Omlette. Both were mighty satisfied. Hector stuck with the prix fix Restaurant Week menu, which garnered him some crab cakes with eggs benedict, which looked good.

But here's the kicker: save room for dessert. You must have this carrot cake at DW Bistro. No, really. You must. You should actually go right after this review. Because God bless the person who first created this carrot cake. It uses the standard carrot cake ingredients, plus pineapple, macademia nuts, coconut, with a cream cheese frosting and liberally spotted with fresh berries. It's about the size of a house, so make sure you're sharing.

Holy god it's good. I'm pretty sure I made my O-face at some point.

The atmosphere is nice: it's a quiet bistro in a small spot. The staff was really friendly and attentive. I feel a strong "family" vibe, if you catch my drift.

It's kind of a ways away from me, but I would be totally open to coming back again. Might be a great setting for a date? Just sayin....
Finally got a chance to check out DW with my two fella, my mom and friend over the weekend. We came for restaurant week but were too enticed by the rest of the brunch menu, so we ended up ordering a la carte, all of us but my main fella that is.

Located in the old La Madonna restaurant location, they keep up the tradition of great food for this very unassuming strip mall.

I ordered the Jamaican Style Omelet, my mom ordered the New Mexican Slow-Cooked Pork Omelet, my friend Ryan B ordered the Eggs any style plate with bacon and my fella got the Restaurant Week menu  and had the pastry basket to start, the Crab Benedict for his main and the dessert trio for dessert. We also all shared a ginormous slice of carrot cake to top all that already decadent meal off with. 

My omelet was great. Fresh corn, New Mexican green chile and eggs. I grew up eating green chile and eggs and the addition of fresh corn was unexpectedly delicious. My mom's dish was amazing. The pork and chile were out of sight. I plan on ordering that again next time only with the rice instead of the egg. It was a bit on the spicy side for my poor mom so we switched dishes halfway through the meal. My fella's crab benedict was delicious as well. Good texture and very fresh. Everything here is so fresh, that I have to hand it to them for! The desserts were delicious as well. They were all light despite how rich and decadent they were. The carrot cake had fresh carrot and ginger shaved into the layers and the white chocolate shavings on top were my personal favorite. The spice levels were right on point and the portions were generous. The prices are actually pretty good as well. Definitely an A+ experience.

The staff was extremely welcoming and super accommodating. I look forward to my next meal here, hopefully I can check them out for dinner some time, their menu looks amazing!
Oh DW Bistro, you have stolen my heart!

One of my co-workers is friends with one of the owners and can't stop talking about the place (excellent free advertising!), so I finally made it over for their Restaurant Week brunch and now I can't stop talking about it! Even though the trek here is a day trip for me, this could easily become my new favorite crosstown obsession.

Firstly, the place is adorable. Brown and orange are the restaurants theme colors and serve as accent colors within the restaurant which has mostly white everything-tables, chairs, booths. This could have been a disaster-all white, blinding, sterile-but the restaurant is nothing but cheery and friendly.

We got the Restaurant Week brunch menu-I got the pastry basket and crab cakes Benedict and my friend got the bloody mary shrimp cocktail and jerk chicken and waffles. I don't have much of a sweet tooth so the joy of the pastry basket was lost on me save the berry muffin, however I could've drank the bloody mary cocktail sauce and was sad I didn't order it. The shrimp were huge and plump and that sauce....oh that sauce. I want to jump into a swimming pool of that sauce and never come out. It was a mix of cocktail sauce with a little kick and some chopped avocado which gave it a nice creaminess and cut right through the tang of the sauce. Simply perfect.

Crab cakes and jerk chicken were spectacular! What I loved most about the benedict was the English muffin-hear me out. So often the fault of the English muffin with the benedict is that it is so dang tough you end up knifing right through the plate trying to cut through it. Egg yolk everywhere, hollandaise sauce disaster. It looks like a benedict massacre after you're finished and it's just not pleasant. At DW I think not only did they use the absolutely freshest English muffin, but they cut off the edges (which is sometimes the culprit of benedict massacres) and toasted it to perfection. Winning combo for an egg benedict. The crabcake was good, but not really standout to me, however the dish as a whole was great. I'll be back for the jerk fried chicken & waffles!

Their show stopper on brunch days (Saturday and Sunday) is the bottomless mimosas deal (and bloody marys I believe as well). You can either get one for $12 or unlimited for $20. For a girl who can drink her weight in champagne, this is the ultimate brunch stop!

A testament to their overall greatness is the line out the door-it was PACKED when we got there! The word is out: DW Bistro is the spot to be on Sunday morning and pretty much every other day of the week (except Monday-they're closed Mondays).

The owners are incredibly nice and as we dined, Dalton and Bryce both went around table to table introducing themselves and checking on people. You just don't see that too often these days and it's great to see that they set a standard for their staff in terms of customer service and follow it.

DW-I'll be back and that's  a promise!
Plenty of natural lighting, vibrant color scheme (white and orange), and tasteful decor instantly scores an A on my restaurant decorating score card.  And the cheerful greetings and friendly smiles vaporizes any lingering traces of everyday life stress that you might have brought with you as you crossed over the threshold. As far as I was concerned, I was in near Zen state to enjoy whatever deliciously food the kitchen has to offer from their Restaurant Week lunch menu.


As I was seated at my table, I was offered a choice of DW's own beverage creation. I opted for the Pomegranate Iced Tea, which was served in a tall slender glass with a wedge of lemon.  It was refreshing and not at all tart, a great start to any meal or a pick me up after a spa treatment. And below is my review of the three courses served as part of the RW DW Bistro's Lunch Prix-Fixe menu. 


First Course: It was a tough choice, but I went with the DW Spanish Chorizo with Shrimp & Summer Tomatoes (instead of the Farmers Market Fresh Berry Salad with Grilled Pineapple & Jerk Pomegranate Dressing - which garnered a lot of attention from the ladies at the next table while they were still debating what to order).  With the elegant and not over the top presentation, fantastic flavors from the Spanish Chorizo and nicely cooked shrimp and tantalizing tomatoes, this was easily my favorite item of the meal.  And lucky for me, it is available on their regular menu!


Second Course: 

Trio of Sliders. Maybe it was the whole food truck phenomenon in the past year, but my mind was made up when I read sliders.  Although I did forced myself to read the remaining options, out of standardized test taking habits. The plate of sliders on mini brioche buns and sweet potato fries looks great.  The sliders individually are small (smaller than Slidin' Thru's sliders) but all three of them combined into up a fair amount of food.


The first slider I tried was the Jamaican Jerk Pork, which left a noticeable puddle of grease on the plate and underside of the bun. My first and only Fuku Truck burger experience, complete with the horribly grease-soaked buns that I suffered through did an instant replay in my head before I managed to locate the mental stop play button.  Luckily, it was a lot less grease, but still a sharp drop from the excitement from the first course. 


Slider #2 was the mini-me-sized DW Turkey Burger.  The turkey was juicy, and the mango pear apple chutney combined to make miniaturized fireworks in my mouth.  If the regular sized burger has the same juicy turkey, then I will happily order that again on my next trip back.  Favorite #2!


The last slider I ate was the New Mexican Red Chili Pork Slider.  It has a kick to it, but I felt that it was missing something. Maybe crispy fried onions for a little crunchy texture or over-easy quail eggs for the addition of the rich and creaminess of the egg.


Third Course:

DW Trio of Desserts featuring Red Velet Cake (was good), Lemon-Lime Pudding with a fresh Blueberry (a spoonful is not enough,I want more!) and Jamaican Black Bottom Banana Cream Pie (Not sure if this was what I was served? But the chocolate dominated the other flavors, which wasn't bad as I have a weak spot for chocolates).  


Overall, the lunch was good.  Definitely top notched wait staff that flawlessly attend to the guests while they dine.  The appetizers seems to be the star here,at least for me, and I would come back just for that section of the menu alone. 


Ambiance:  5/5  From the other reviews I am not alone in thinking that they hit a home run with their interior decorating concept and execution.  Care to give me your interior designer and contractor as a referral?


Service:  5/5  Just simply pleasant without being over the top.


Price:  4.5/5  Looking at the pricing and the portions of the regular menu items, it is a nice lunch spot to go to recharge for the rest of your day.  Items are mostly in the $10-$13 range, which is more than the average lunch specials, but is a great deal considering the upscale surroundings and pleasant service.


Food:  4/5  Some items are perfect, others needs some more tweaking are needed. Overall, still great food.


Location:  SW Las Vegas.  Pretty far for out-of-town visitors staying on the Strip.  Definitely a cool spot for locals that work or living in the area.

Solid 4.5 stars!  I am an excited fan hungry for more.  Burp!
I LOVE cafes. I have always wanted to live in large cities so I can walk into a small personalized cafe and eat AMAZING UNIQUE food. 
With that being said, this was a Vegas local's dream come true. 

I walked in, and two extremely flamboyant men (the owners) greeted my friend and I at the door and personally walked us in to our table. (So precious!)
The decor is very calm and soothing yet very chic. The whole entire restaurant is not very large. There is bar seating and probably about 20 tables. 
From there we were offered bread, there were three different kinds that we can choose from. The bread was served in a basket and we were able to pick out which one and however many we wanted. There was a flat bread, curry flavored bread and some sort of one with cheese.  We each took one of each. 
The water was poured from a glass bottle (super classy) and the menu was explained and the specials were said out loud. One thing that specifically stood out to me was that they switch out their mashed potatoes. I don't know about you, but who DOESN'T like mashed potatoes?! I love how they add different ingredients everyday. The day we went was jalapeño mashed, and it was delicious. The portion was a bit too much, even though we split it. 

You can get anything and it's good because it's takes American staples like burgers and salads and adds the extra Jamaican spices and sweets to make the most perfect combination of tastiness.

This was the first time I have every had Jamaican food, and I'll tell you now, Jamaican food is my kind of food! (ya, man!) It's very flavorful and full of spices

It was a bit pricy, but definitely worth it. The environment is great, the service is amazing and the portions are very reasonable.
My roomates and I went here for Brunch today.  They were excited to try the special menu for restaurant week and I wanted to see what they had for vegetarian fare.  

Pros:  great atmosphere and decor.  Food (once it got to our table) was delicious. Waitstaff was nice. Clean. Good Parking.  Veggie Portobello burger with sweet potato fries was amazing and so were the pastries. :)

Cons:  no Host/hostess to greet you, so it is a bit confusing where to go to be seated.  Understaffed, so what should have been in and out in 45min to an hour was over 1 hour and a half.  Our waiter, who was very sweet, perhaps had too many tables, even though it was not busy, and would tell us 3-4 times our food was on its way.  15 min later it would arrive.  Not OK.  and this was for EACH course.  

We would go back, just to see if it really was the waitstaffing problem- because it was really tasty.  However, maybe call ahead? I don't know. Hopefully they will hire more people in the front or the back and move it along.
The minute I walked in, I knew I was going to love this place. The decor is great. Everything is white, clean-looking and chic. i even loved the music that was playing. Our server was super friendly and offered helpful suggestions. We decided on a coffee and a Bloody Mary and spent the next few minutes trying to narrow down our choices. Which is crazy because the menu is not that big! After a few sips of the big ass Bloody, I made up my mind.

We went with pastry basket (there are several and we picked the daily special which had scones with guava and goat cheese in addition to the usual pastries). Took most of it home which was all part of my evil plan. I went with the oatmeal and he went with eggs Benedict with jalapeño bacon. The oatmeal was definitely one of the less exciting choices,but dang this was some awesomeness!! Steel cut oatmeal full of fresh cream and fruit. So good. But after a bite of the eggs Benedict, I know I've got to come back to try the rest of the menu. And lunch. And dinner. And the cute little patio on a cooler day. This place is a great find and very unique for this little city. So excited that I am so close. My only complaint: open earlier for the grandmas like me that like breakfast at the crack.
I had the fried chicken and it was awesome. Jerk seasoning made it spicy. Get the carrot cake. It was amazing. Great service.
So I always get scared trying new places that hv great reviews because I usually don't agree, but this place was fantastic!!!!!

The service was wonderful, the cocktails were yummy and refreshing and the food was amazing!!! Yes, amazing!!!!

One of the owners stopped to say hello and was helping the staff as needed. The other owner was at the bar making the tasty cocktails. 

Overall I had five people in my party and we all left satisfied already planning our next visit.
OMG! This place is SOO GEWD! I ordered the classic braised short rib sandwich and my friend ordered the Jamaican chicken curry. My sandwich was excellent. The meat was really tender braised to perfection and the jalapeno bacon added another dimension of flavor. What really set it off was when I tried some of their recommended Jamaican hot sauces to the sandwich. One was a mango type hot sauce and another a gingery type and both were slightly sweet. The grace hot sauce was more hot but more of a vinegar based. Combined all the sauces on my sandwich took it to a whole different level. 

You have to get the carrot cake hands down. Trust me! SOOO GEWD!!!! Not too sweet and not too rich, perfect! Best carrot cake I've ever eaten, hands down!

10/11/11 - Update... 

Had the special chicken sandwich with salad, can't remember the name of it though. Again the food does not fail to impress. Had the chicken flautas appetizer too, which was quickly devoured. To finish it off I tried the red velvet cake with white chocolate shavings. The cake was moist and light and not heavy or too sweet. Still my all time favorite is the carrot cake. I can't stop recommending that cake to my friends...
Awesome food, service, and atmosphere! A refreshing restaurant for Vegas.
My 2nd visit here and I decided to rate them.

I really like the atmosphere and the service is stellar.  Hence the 4 stars.

My first visit was less than impressive when it came to my dish.  For a classy restaurant like this, I expected much more.  I had a grilled shrimp salad and it was a single heart of romaine lettuce with 3 grilled shrimp that were cold and tasted like they were prepared the night before.  Not worth the $16!

I hesitated to return and would have likely given them 1 or 2 stars had I rated then.

Today's visit was inspired by my colleagues, who swear their food is always stellar.  I opted for a curry chicken bowl which was fantastic.  Very fresh vegetables and perfect balance of flavors with a little spicy kick.

So, along with the nice environment and wonderful service, DW has redeemed themselves.  4 stars.
I went to DW Bistro for lunch with my brother and his wife while visiting from out of town. My brother is a chef and this is one of his favorite places. I ordered a simple BLT. After 35 minutes of waiting for the food, we started to get a little restless. Our waitress simply stopped coming to our table altogether. We asked another server and ten minutes went by. Then we asked another server and the food for my brother and his wife came in about another 5-10 minutes. Although the restaurant was busy it wasn't all that packed.

I had to wait another 10 minutes to get my food. At this point we had been at the restaurant for about an hour. It became obvious that they didn't even start cooking the bacon for the BLT until after we complained twice. The waitress never even came back to our table and we were served for the rest of the meal by another waiter. 

I have never left a restaurant in my life or sent back a meal. I am generally polite and congenial and I really don't believe I did anything or said anything that could be interpreted as offensive in any way. I felt personally insulted by this whole situation. I don't understant why the waitress simply stopped coming to our table. I don't understand why we had to wait for 45 minutes after we ordered for them to start cooking the meal. None of the restaurant servers, managers, or other employees would even talk to us to explain what was taking so long, how much longer we would be waiting, or what was going on. 

The BLT was good, and they ended up providing it for free. Yet, I would skip this place for a restaurant that understands the basic principles of service.
4.25 star. 
I had the turkey panini with new Mexico chilis. Very good. Moist, immense primary flavor. Clear secondary flavor of the NM chili. Bread was oily and hard at the edges. Crispy and soft in the middle. 

Sweet potato fries were good. Each fry had salt flakes attached. Not the best I had, but above average for sure. 

Price is worth it. They have an interesting menu that is definitely worth trying a couple of things. 

I normally just grade food quality, but I must add that the service was prompt, polite, friendly and great. If I graded on service, they would get 5 stars for sure. 

I would recommend this place and I will be coming back.
Chicken curry...mmmmmm. Came here on a lunch break, pursueded via fellow helper reviews. Decor, vibe, staff, and most of all..food was great. Oh and the I have ONE thing to say about the carrot cake ... Holy sh*!..got dam!, woow, that's some tasty slice of goodness.  I will be back to try the rest of the menu.
Food, atmosphere, and taste.

Try it for yourself.
OMG!!! WHERE DO I BEGAN L0L.... This restaurant is amazing!!!! It is freshness you can taste; the decor is very modern and elegant. The actual owners come out and serve you... they shop at different farmers markets around town, hand picking all ingredients used in their menu. And did i mention the food is fa-nominal... This restaurant hands down is one of the best i ever eaten at and that's says a lot.
Love this resturant.....when you walk in you feel like you are in some swanky down town hot spot! Besides the amazing atmosphere the food and service is even better! all three time I went there the owners came up to the table to make sure everything was perfect!
I tried this place for the first time last Sunday and it was amazing. My friend and I are going back today to have brunch again. I love the fact that the one owner walks around helping his staff and talking to people that come.
This place has been my favorite brunch spot for years now. Staff is overly friendly in a good way. This is why this place gets 5 stars:

1) Best Bloody Mary's in town

2) $20 all you can drink mimosas on Sunday

3) Best turkey burger in town

4) best pastry basket, ever. Try the guava goat cheese croissant

Every dish I have had here has been amazing. Only drawback is the weekend crowds. Expect to wait an hour on the weekends.
It was my first time visiting this restaurant. The food was fantastic! The signature salad was delicious. The Pesto torte appetizer is a must have.
The waitress was friendly and helpful. The atmosphere was great. 

The only reason that this rating is not higher is because the bartender left his shift with no one to take over. I was looking forward to trying a signature cocktail.
Hopefully, I when I return to Vegas the bartender will be there.
Waitress wasn't too knowledgeable about what was in the curry soup. Everything they make is with bacon. Bacon on chicken sandwich, BLT, Bacon on this, bacon on that... so if you like Bacon this is your place!  Our food took a while to come out, the place was packed for a mid week lunch.  

Motif is awesome, outside seating looks great too. I'd go back and try it again, but I wouldn't send anyone out of their way quite yet to try it.
Went back for dinner.  Breakfast is the true star at this establishment.  How do you top fresh croissants and guava and goat cheese tarts?!?   But DW Bistro offers some really great grub for dinner too.  The fried chicken is truly amazing, seasoned with jerk spices and fried golden, crispy and just the right amount of greasy.  We had a nightly special dish - red snapper with shrimp.  Crazy good.  We also had the braised short ribs and they were so good too.  So many things to love about this place.  The cherry on top is that the service is always great here.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  My husband and I have eaten there a few times.  The service is good!  The decor and the atmosphere is even better!  The food is beyond AMAZING!  One of the owners has always been there when we visited and has personally come to check on us!  Being I can walk there they will probably know me by name soon enough but I highly recommend taking the drive if you have the chance!
Our foursome was looking forward to trying this place based on the reviews.  We came in at 4:00 looking for a late lunch early dinner and were disappointed to learn that they only serve "brunch" on Saturdays and Sundays. Dinner doesn't start until 5:30.   Who wants pancakes at 4:00.  :(.   With our work schedules being m-f we will sadly never get to try them for lunch.  We will try again for dinner sometime.
Let me just start by saying that this establishment is quite the find! The staff is friendly and provides exceptional service, the drinks and food are tasty, and the cherry on top is the ambience, which provides a dynamic and relaxed environment that fosters great camaraderie with those you are dining with. Modern to all the senses, this is one bistro that I will not hesitate recommending to all my colleagues, friends, and family. (^_^) Definitely Classy
We drive by this place all the time and finally decided to give it a try.  We were early for dinner, so not too many tables, a few sitting outside, but inside was empty.  We got a couple of things to try as appetizers, like the Jamaican chicken curry soup with fresh New Mexican green chilies, spicy but subtle. And we got the DW signature salad - baby field greens, caramelized pecans, orange segments, seasonal bell peppers, topped with goat cheese and served with balsamic vinaigrette.  Both of these were yummy!  Enjoyed them both.

For entree, I got the Dover sole special of the day, and it was a really large piece of fish, over a bed of mash, and smothered with three sauces, red roasted pepper sauce, mango with pepper sauces and the third was another chili sauce.  All of these worked well together, and I really enjoyed the plate.  I'm a fish lover anyway, and these flavors were so unique, I enjoyed it's freshness.

For desert we got  chocolate bottom pie with bananas.  Very delicious.  A good meal with a Yuppie kind of feel, I'd go back, but my hubby, might hesitate mostly due to prices.
What a hidden gem off the strip!  We came across DW looking for a place that could accommodate about 14 of us for an "after Thanksgiving brunch."

The waiter was super helpful.  He explained to us that the chef was Jamaican who trained in New Mexico - thus the twist on Tex Mex menu and the AMAZING Jamaican chile sauces on the table.  These are to die for (in fact, we bought a couple bottles to take home, the Gingery Mango sauce was really special).  The waiter recommended several dishes, and so we ordered a bunch and had brunch family style.  It was a hit!

In order of yummines, must eats in BOLD:

CHILAQUILES - This was AMAZING!!!  I've only had this dish once before (and my Chinese family never), so the waiter described it as a quiche baked in tortillas.  It really was the hit of the table.  Especially with the mango sauce. 

PORK OMELETTE - This dish had a much fancier name on the menu, but GET IT.  A really yummy twist on an omelette with the shredded pork and spiciness.

CHICKEN and waffles - I bolded only the CHICKEN cuz it really was the star of the dish.  It is breaded in this jerk concoction, which is AMAZING.  The waffles were buttermilk, on the heavier side, and just Eh.  I think they might have a similar chicken dish for lunch (maybe on a salad?), that would be heaven.

PASTRY BASKET - The ladies really loved this.  A huge assortment of pastries - scones, croissants, cinnamon buns, etc.  There is a smaller $8 version on the menu, but this special $12 version was a huge hit.  Perfect with a cup of coffee.

French toast - Made with challah bread, so it was thick and soft.  The maple syrup is really tasty, but compared with the other dishes I mentioned above, this dish was just OK.

Chocolate chip pancakes - Really nothing special about this dish.

===

Would I make a special trip from the strip for this place?  Maybe not.  But definitely if I'm visiting family in Rhodes Ranch again.
I went there for brunch on Sunday, and had a great experience.  The place has a very calm relaxed atmosphere.  It was packed, but it didn't feel like it was.  The staff was very friendly, and they had a musician playing little acoustic version of 80s and 90s hits.

Food-wise, it was excellent.  I had the Jerk Chicken and Waffles.  The waffles were a tad overcooked, but I didn't mind because they were delicious.  The chicken was thinly pounded, and covered with breadcrumbs and jerk seasoning.  Think of it like the chicken you would get with a Chicken Parmesan, not a giant mound of chicken like you normally get with Chicken and Waffles.  If I had one comment, I would have liked more heat (I love spicy food,) but it was great nonetheless.

My date had the Turkey Burger.  It came with Sweet Potato fried that I couldn't stop eating off of her plate.  This is the first time I had Sweet Potato fries that weren't overcooked and hard.  They were crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside.

With all of this, we had Bloody Marys (it is brunch, afterall.)  They include olives stuffed with Habanero, and a piece of bacon.  I will now go back just for the Bloody Mary alone.

Price-wise, not too bad.  The giant plate of Jerk Chicken and Waffles was $14.  They could have charged $20 and I would have paid for it.

Definitely going back.
DW Bistro was one of those places that I was never too sure about. The Yelp reviews made it sound sensational, but the menu never really excited me too much. A couple of weeks ago, bereft of any other new option, the wife and I headed here and promptly had our concepts of "taste" redefined.

Now, let me set everyone straight right off the bat. When you see "fried chicken" on the menu, we're not talking about a battery chicken drumstick of the sort served up by the corporate monstrosity that is the legacy of Harlon Sanders. We're talking about an intricately seasoned masterpiece of wonderfulness, served with equally elaborate accompaniments, all coming together to awe the palate in ways you've never before comprehended.

The food here is simply out of this world. I don't usually throw the hyperbole around quite so thickly, but DW Bistro could quite possibly have provided me with my best meal ever in Las Vegas. Also delicious was the appetizer of "chicken lollipops". Bordering on sweet at times, but put into spicy perspective by the arrangement of grilled pineapple served on the side. A really wonderful appetite-whetting for my jerk fried chicken, which I already described, which was to follow.

Rounding things off nicely with a chat with the delightfully sincere proprietor, Bryce, who displayed genuine pleasure at our rapturous praise for our meal (and made sure one of our "to go" slices of their excellent cake was on the house) was enough to let me know I'll be back for a repeat visit very shortly - perhaps to see what wonderful new adventures await upon their lunch menu.
Such a cute neighborhood restaurant - the staff is friendly and I like the atmosphere.  However, I have been here twice and both times my entrees have just been average, not really bad, just not great.
I started with a nice huckleberry cocktail that truly tasted of the fresh berry.  For my entree I was disappointed that the server informed me they were out of shortribs only after I ordered them.  Aargh!  I didn't have a backup selected and felt rushed since everyone else had already ordered.  I quickly chose the shrimp scampi when the server said he could have the kitchen add some jerk seasoning to the shrimp.  The dish I received was quite generous with a large mound of pasta and several, large perfectly cooked shrimp.  But the shrimp hadn't been seasoned and the pasta was a little bland.  I am used to my scampi having a nice garlic flavor that usually gives this dish bold characteristics.  Instead it was just plain shrimp and pasta tossed with olive oil.
The carrot cake is huge (easily enough for three) and very moist and delicious, I like this far better than their red velvet.
We went to DW Bistro for brunch during restaurant week. I had been meaning to go there since I heard about them at Bite of Las Vegas a few years ago, but had never gotten around to it.

My wife ordered a pomegranate iced tea which she liked. I'm not big into iced tea, but I took a sip and thought it was decent.

For our appetizer we both got the shrimp cocktail which was good and had a nice kick to the sauce.

For my main course I got the chicken and waffles. The chicken was spicy and delicious. The waffle was served with a really good rum syrup. Would definitely order this again.

My wife got the crab cake Benedict. I'm not a huge fan of Hollandaise but the dish was still pretty tasty. The egg was a bit over done though and had a firm yolk.

For dessert we were give an assortment of treats: mud pie, red velvet cake, lemon lime pudding, and peanut butter pie. I'm not a big fan of sweets and was a little daunted by it all. But I have to admit that they were all very good. My favorite was the peanut butter pie.
Fresh and delicious for lunch or dinner.  The vegetable burger is a personal favorite.  Big location so the wait is minimal, if any, and the service is always amazing.  Full bar and great selection of house made vodkas. Reasonably priced too.
I love this place!  I see Bryce at the farmers market each Thursday so I know that they are serving great organic fresh produce.  They have great service great atmosphere and amazing Mac and cheese!
Omgoodness... The grilled lamb chops were amazing... I have never had lamb before tonight and my friend ordered it... It was flavorful and juicy and the seasonings were phenomenal... I have never tasted anything like it... I had the fried chicken, which was seasoned w/ jerk seasonings... The wine was superb... A delightful riesling... You could taste the apple, peach and pear... I had been wanting to dine at this resturant for a while... Even though the were busy their customer service was impressive... You need to dine here and soon... Wonderful place to spend New Years Eve...
I had an awesome brunch here. The place itself is modern and chic. Think Crate & Barrel and Ikea. There's also an outdoor patio area that is dog-friendly. The service was great. Attentive and friendly.

The food was awesome. And the portions were huge! The New Mexican-style omelet was so delicious with the right amount of spicy. The chocolate chip pancakes were moist and fluffy and HUGE. For $8, I was expecting a much smaller portion. And the syrup that came with them was quite tasty. It was more than just a maple syrup.

My only complaint was the $12 bellinis. They weren't on the menu, so we didn't realize the price ahead of time. Very delicious. But we each had two... And we definitely weren't expecting them to cost more than the entrees. Not necessarily an unusual price for a drink in Vegas, but still.

Drink prices aside, the atmosphere here is great. It's the perfect spot for a classy, but chill brunch.
For those of you visiting Vegas, make sure you get off the strip to experience some great cuisine!

DW Bistro is another GREAT reason to rent a car for one day while taking a break from drinking/shopping/being hungover, and experiencing some really quality food.

The first thing you notice is the decor.  The design is very non-Vegas and is almost artistic.  It is a vibe that makes you want to sit, relax, eat good food, and have great conversations.  The vibe only sets the tone for the delicious food.

I was a part of a group of four that came for Sunday brunch.  Because there were so many of us, we got to try a lot of the menu.  

The Pesto Torte is a MUST item.  The cheese, crackers and pesto are so-damn-good-I-want-to-fly-to-Vegas-to-eat-now good.  

The Chicken Lollipops with Jerk Buttermilk sauce are amazing, and just the right size.  The sauce compliments the slight spice and smokiness of the chicken perfectly.

The New-Mexican Style Slow Cooked Pork is served over rice with an egg and is a gourmet version of the chili and rice all of use ate in school.  The pork is nice and tender with and is a great, hearty hangover dish.

The French Toast is nicely cooked and the highlight is the slightly spiced syrup.  (We killed the syrup and wiped the plate clean of it).

The best entree item was the Jerk Fried Chicken and Waffles.  If you have had the ones at Hash House, do yourself a favor and try these.  The slight spicyness from the jerk seasoning, the fluffy waffles, and the syrup all combine to create a symphony.  Hands downs, some delicious Chicken and Waffles.

Oh, and make sure to get the Bloody Mary with Bacon.  It is pretty damn good, especially with the bacon.  Be warned though, instead of a pimento in the olive, it is a chunk of habanero pepper, sure to wake you up and knock out any hangover.
My hubby brought me here for date night. When you first walk in the atmosphere is very trendy and it kind of feels like you're not in Vegas anymore (off strip). 

The staff is pleasant and explained everything on the menu to us. The food was delicious, however while some reviewers are saying that the portions were huge, be aware that not all portions are huge. My hubby got the lamb chops and there was very little meat on the bone, so not a lot to fill him up. Desserts though were massive and delicious!! 

If you are looking for a non-alcoholic beverage, the pomegranate while iced teas was very refreshing. Overall I loved this place and will be back.
What a cool spot for brunch!! Went here on a Sunday, and it was packed. I did get seated right away, (thank you to the guy who held the door for me and let me cut him in line) The chicken lollipops were VERY good. I can't explain the flavor, you need to try them for yourself! The employees were very friendly, the owner stopped by to make sure everything was going good. The inside doesn't feel like your in Vegas. It is more of a California vibe. Check it out!
My boyfriend and I had ate here for our NYE dinner which had turned out to be an awesome experience! Not the typical Vegas feel kinda restaurant. What I did really love was the contemporary interior design and atmosphere! Something very unexpected to see at a restaurant here.

Amazing FOOD & SERVICE without the tourist crowd since its off the strip! I almost forgot to mention that they gave us complimentary dessert (which was extremely delicious) cause it was our first time there.The whole staff was really friendly and knowledgeable! I would definitely recommend this place to friends and eat here again.
Maybe I went on an off night, but I did not have a great experience.

I ordered the beer-braised short rib ($18) and it was SALTY.  Holy shit, it was so salty. Like, so salty I had to stop eating it.  But, even without the salt, I wouldn't have finished it because the short rib was really fatty.  A really bad cut.  The sauce on the seasonal vegetable mix was also a turnoff; I felt all the flavors in this dish really clashed.  The mash of the day was also the victim of oversalting.  Yeah, not ordering this again.

Also, I was seated near the bathroom and there was a putrid smell in the air.  I don't want to think about what it was, but it was awful. They need to take care of that (other people remarked on it too while walking by).

Highlights:  my well-mixed whiskey cocktail, friendly service, and the tasty Parmesan crisps.

I hear such great things about this place.  I'll have to go back and try something else.....but I am afraid.
This is my new favorite for breakfast/brunch. The breads and pastries were hot out of the oven, literally, and complimented by a wonderful fig jam. Portions are large, and food is on the spicy side for me, but our waiter went out of his way to make sure my food was not over-the-top for my palette. Decor is artsy and soothing. Service is prompt, but not overly solicitous.  

I'll definitely be back again.
I really didn't want to give this place two stars, but I'm trying to be fair and honest.  

Just to be quick and to the point: Food was wonderful.  Service was pretty bad.

Now to get into it a little more...

My husband and I went here on a Tuesday evening.  It was pretty normal; people were there, but not busy.  The decor was really cool and gave a nice, laidback feeling.  The owner greeted us and was super awesome and personable.  When my husband asked what beers they had, it started getting weird.

The owner asked, "Well what do you like?"  Well, he likes all different beers, so it depends.  He then brought the bartender over, (which was the right thing to do) and when my husband asked what kind of beers they had, he asked, "Well what do you like?" Ugh.  
(Look, I'm a bartender, and I understand how annoying it is when people want you to rattle off all the beers you have. But my husband just wanted some sort of list.) So perhaps they should work on listing the beers somewhere.
 
Anyway, onto the meal-
 The food....was awesome.  It took a very long time to come out, but it was good. I had the jerk seared ahi tuna salad.  My husband had the jerk filet mignon (cooked perfectly) and both dishes were great.  We also ordered the mac and cheese which was a hefty serving, and very tasty.  Service checked on us numerous times.

So after we were done and our plates were taken, our server never came back.  He never stopped by to ask about dessert (which I was planning on getting).  We kept trying to make eye contact with him, but nothing.  We were ignored by everyone. So about 15 minutes went by when the fabulous owner came by and asked if we ordered dessert.  I laughed and said we were never offered.  He brought the server over and smoothed everything over.  

Basically-  the food is wonderful, and so is the owner.  The service needs to step it up.  We will be back only because of the food.  

Oh....and I got my dessert.  ;) The carrot cake is AMAZING!
Exotic good food. Half carribean and a lil mexican I believe. Drinks are also exotic and delicious. What makes this restaurant even better is that it's not on the strip. It's in the southwest side of town tucked in a small corner. Quality of food, service and drinks are equivalent of what you would get at the strip or L.A. or new York. Very good.
Definitely needs a bump up to 5 stars.  The Jamaican chicken curry soup is a lifesaver.  Ask about the mash potatoes of the day.  Today was loaded baked potato.  Tangy and oh so yummy.

For those looking for Jamaican goods to take home, they sell all the hot sauces they offer, plus some unique ginger beers, blueberry sparkling sake, etc.  The goods are behind the bar in the second room that they open up for brunch.

Need to make it back to try the crazy bloody mary they make.  Jalapeno bacon and habanero stuffed olives!

Our server mentioned that they might teach some cooking classes this summer.  Can't wait!
Probably eaten here eight more times since my previous reviews.  What can I say? It is the very first place to pop into my head whenever Sunday brunch or a nicer lunch is in the works.  

Brunch with the fam yesterday was a dreamy success as usual.  We started with a DW pastry basket.  It is a steal at $8. Everything inside is warm and buttery and just darn good on a Sunday morning: blueberry scones, turnovers, cranberry popovers, cinnamon roll and chocolate croissant.  They serve it with butter and a scrumptious jelly on the side.  

Dad struggles to fit the gargantuan BLT in his mouth gracefully but was pleased with it, nonetheless.  Hubby cleaned the plate on his nicoise salad.  The tuna looked awesome.  

I can't believe I haven't mentioned the very refreshing and tasty pomegranate iced tea.  It is lightly sweetened and very refreshing.  They keep your tall, pretty glass refilled too!

On our most recent ladies lunch, my co-diners were thrilled with a special of shell pasta, grilled chicken and veggies in a blue cheese sauce.  That's part of the fun of coming here!! Completely different specials every time.  Brunch yesterday boasted a special eggs Benedict on a country biscuit with a special sausage and a cognac sauce.  

The place is always jamming now...so glad they are successful and busy.   It is definitely 5 star worthy now.  Everyone is beyond friendly and things are flowing seamlessly.
Amazing EVERYTHING!!

So, i've been here for brunch twice this month...i'm seriously in love with the bacon bloody mary, jalapeño bacon benedict, assorted breakfast pastries (GUAVA RICOTTA TURNOVERS), the host (he's adorable), the awesomely knowledgable waiters....

seriously, go.  now.

i promise you won't be disappointed.
Hands Down my favorite place in Las Vegas.  

Everything was great as usual.  I stayed here kind of late last Saturday with a friend enjoying some perfectly mixed gin cocktails. Instead of kicking us out or staring at us awkwardly like some restaurants might do, they made us feel right at home.  

How does this place combine style and class with a family-like feel?  I don't know, but I'm thankful we have something like this in the valley.  

If you haven't been yet, what are you waiting for?
We were greeted by the owner as we walked in the door. Major plus!
It feels so fresh and clean inside. I loved the colors and the interior was so pretty to look at. The ambiance is amazing and the music fit the restaurant perfectly.
The kitchen accidentally looked over our appetizer on the ticket so our server comped it for us. It ended up getting to our table at the same time as our entrees.
We had the shrimp appetizer (which I would totally eat as an entree) and  the daily special - chipotle chicken wrap and the mexican chicken enchiladas. Delicious!
To end our perfect meal was the lemon pudding for dessert. There couldn't have been any better way to cleanse our palette with this sweet and tart explosion of flavor in a cup!
I can't wait 'til I get to go back to try everything else on the menu. A definite 5 stars in my book! Great service and even greater food~ if you love food that's full of flavor with a kick, this is the place for you. DW Bistro, expect to see more of me!
party - 5
when walking in (since we did so separately) the atmosphere was great, being seating and not being pressured by the wanting of being in and out. 

as we were seated the service was great, got drinks within a min being greeted by the owner and just walking to our seats. the automatic water dispense of water was amazing and the accommodations to what ever drink you would like the have. Me having the lemonade (it was a little lemony but upon request it could be sweetened) and with their pomegranate white ice tea was a good choice, light, aromatic and delicious (highly recommended).

as we moved on we started with a salad and starter dish, being their torte and jerked tuna salad. the torte itself was light and refreshing and it hit the spot (if needing to curve your appetite this was the right choice) with some crunch, abundance of flavors and spices, and richness of the cheese it was an amazing choice to have. our second started (actually being an entree) we had the jerked ahi tuna salad. the salad was surprising it has sweet, spicy, freshness and all the flavors after tossing was impeccable. 

main courses - with presentation being a high must all the dishes look amazing and with your burger/sandwich the choice of salad or sweet potato fries give a good health or substance benefactor. then the burger (myself getting the turkey burger) was more than a surprise. After a peer saying it was amazing the the staff giving it good marks i just wanted to try it and it was nothing less than expectation. it was juicy,  filling and great combination of flavors and the chutney gave it an over the roof kick. 

all went well our stay didnt seemed rushed (being a 2 hour sit time) and all was impeccable. 

definitely a must eat for lunch dinner and weekend brunch they have an amazing menu if ever in the south west.
For the amount of food and for what it is, way overpriced! Service wasnt terrible, but the manager did comp some appetizer for a table right next to us. I couldn't help but think, 'hey what about us?' The decor was very nice and modern. We were greeted and seated right away. I ordered the day's special- eggs Benedict with goat cheese and some kinda meat patty. It was alright but I'm not a fan of goat cheese. My boyfriend had the challah French toast. Eh. I don't think I'll be going back!  I'd rate it a 3 for service, but like I said, this place is overpriced!
Based on reviews and the atmosphere, I thought this place was great at first but two factors brought the review down.  

First, the service.  When we first entered, we were greeted and seated pretty quick.  The staff was very friendly.  But, our waittress wasn't so great.  Although she was friendly, she only came to our table twice.  When we needed something, such as a refill or for the check, she would take forever!  The bistro wasn't even that busy at the time!  After waiting 20 minutes for the check, I looked for her and saw that she was talking to another waiter in the corner.  I couldn't believe it. 

Also, the food was bordering on bland.  I got the Caribbean Jerk chicken and waffles.  My father got this dish that consisted of slow-cooked pork with rice, cooked in a Spanish-style.  At the first taste, the food was amazing!  Everything was hot and beautifully presented.  The Caribbean Jerk chicken and waffles was a refreshing and interesting take on the dish.  The chicken and the homemade maple syrup was flavorful.  However, the rice dish had no taste and the waffles tasted like stale bread.  Really thick, stale bread.

I loved the atmosphere and DW Bistro was based on really great concepts.  If only the food was more flavorful and the service wasn't so slow.
What a pleasant surprise DW Bistro turned out to be! It is the perfect combination of class, modernism and home cooked food. 

We went on a weeknight and surprisingly the restaurant was full. Good sign. Even though they were full, service was top notch. Our waiter was very informative and attentive. The owner was so friendly and struck up a conversation with everyone in the restaurant, making the place feel like home.

They served an assortment of bread and the butter that accompanied it was so good! My husband ordered the New Mexican Style slow-cooked pork. I ordred the DW Fried Chicken. Both entrees were amazing and came in huge portions. I loved every single bite of my entree. The chicken was bursting with flavor and the gravy was the perfect accompaniment.  Normally I don't like cornbread but that was the best cornbread I ever had.

The owner advised us to save room for dessert and we were so glad we did. We were torn between the Red Velvet Cake and the Carrot Cake. We went with Red Velvet and the slice was enormous! It wasn't too sweet but it was a tad bit on the dry side... not a deal breaker though. We will definitely try the Carrot Cake next time.

I have nothing but great things to say about DW Bistro. It's a great date place but also a cool place to hang out with friends.
I think I should add cheerleader to my resume because I want to praise this restaurant to the universe. DW Bistro is amazing on all levels; from the impeccable service, delicious food, and modern decor, DW is the model that all restaurants should strive for. Best of all, it's away from the strip and locally owned. 

My friend and I were immediately greeted and seated next to the window. After surveying the menu I decided to order a pastry basket, salmon and spinach eggs benedict, and a mimosa. The pastry basket was a lovely start. It came warm and I inhaled those carb morsels with a quickness. What diet? Carbs were my bff's at that moment. My favorites were the almond muffins and chocolate croissants. They also gave a small portion of fresh berries. Not sure if this is standard with the basket but it was a nice surprise. My eggs benedict was perfectly cooked and very satisfying. It was garlicky and moist but not doused in oil. A small side of potatoes was a nice sidekick to the dish but vaguely memorable. Mimosas are tad expensive ($12) but they were delightful relief after a night of drinking. Waters were quickly refilled and our server was great. The DW Bistro demonstrated that excellent food, service, and ambiance still exists.
D-efinitely W-onderful. they really D-o W-ork the food.  D-aring & W-himsical.  the food is D-electable & left me W-onder-struck.  So I don't know what DW stands for but what the place stands for is just plain good food.

The fusion of New Mexican with Caribbean flavors is really interesting to the palate.

Eatings:  The Jerk Chicken lollipops are a great starter.  I ordered the beer braised shortribs which came out super tender piled on top of  rosemary Mash potatoes.  The flavors were earthy and full so don't expect anything bland here even though each table has a plethora of hot sauces from the islands.  The misses ordered the Salmon which didn't taste fishy at all but full of flavor with the guava berre blanc sauce served over a bed of rice.
 We also went for brunch one Sunday and our favorite was the New Mexican-style slow cooked pork omelet. Blasted with flavor! The Jerk pork hash was highly recommended but i did not enjoy that one as much.  
Dessert was excellent. The carrot cake was decadent and did not taste like carrot cake! If you hate carrot cake which my girlfriend does, you'll still enjoy this! Sweet and  delicious perfect meal finisher. 

Imbibe: The wine list is decent but we enjoyed the Pavi pinot grigio! well paired with the full flavor food offerings.  I saw a bunch of people order the Jamaican Mojito and on Sunday brunch the bloody mary's were almost on every table but we decided to go with mimosa's.  Must trust those two on the next visit.

Ambiance: For dinner I fell it was too bright.  They should dim the lights a bit since most of the decor is a bright orange. On the flip side the ambiance is perfect for Sunday brunch! The servers were super friendly and the manager checked in on us 3 times! Very nice staff and attentive. 

Overall: We enjoyed the flavors and our food was cooked perfectly.  The wait can be a bit long BUT they told us 25 min wait...yea we were sat in 5 minutes..Over estimate much? it's a good thing.

D-efinitely W-ant to come back.  This place D-istinctively W-arrants a visit at least once for you fellow yelpers.  D-o W-illingly come try it!  DW!
We were looking for a pet friendly restaurant in Las Vegas and this place popped up on my search. After I yelped it on my iphone we decided to give it a shot based on all the good reviews. I ordered the chicken lollipops and the bowl of the Mexican pork. My hubby ordered the fried chicken and waffles. Everything was really good. The only thing that would make it awesome is if they gave a side of salsa and guacamole with the bowl of pork. It was tasty but just missing that extra push towards excellency. The service was good when I was there. The food took a bit longer than we hoped but our server apologized twice for the kitchen being backed up (they were very very packed for brunch). Prices were very reasonable for the good food. The next time I am in Vegas and have my doggies with me I will be back here for sure.
After reading reviews here and on several LV message boards I belong to, I finally made it to DWB tonight.  I wish I could give it 10 stars.  From start to finish, DWB is the truth!  My Mom and I had such a wonderful dining experience, I didn't want to sleep without posting this.

Bryce greeted us like we were his old friends, laughing and chatting with us as he led us to our table.  First let me say, I love the decor of this place.  Funky and eclectic is how I would describe it, like you're going to dinner at your trendy friend's condo in Miami.  I love trying local restaurants in the various neighborhoods and DWB is a gem.

Our waiter was TJ - he is a total sweetheart.  Very attentive without being intrusive.   And he ain't bad on the eyes either!  Okay, I'ma get to the food, but I just wanted to review the entire experience.

Bread Offerings:  four different kinds.  I tried the Jamaican Beer Knot, it was soft and delicious.
Pomegranate Tea:  Nice and refreshing.
Jerk Pork Shoulder Bowl:  Seriously, I wanted to tilt the bowl up and let the spicy goodness slide down my gullet!  The spice was just right and the pork was tender, tasty and cooked to perfection.
Short Ribs with Vegetables:  My Mom loved it.  Fork-tender and delicious.
Red Velvet Cake:  Okay, seriously, if I had room, I would have slammed it.

We were so full because the portions are generous.  We had to take a hound bag with us.  

I am so glad I finally made it to DWB after it being on my foodie list for a while.  

Thanks to Bryce and TJ for making this dining experience a 10+.  I will sing your praises and I will be back.
What a great little place! I believe this took over the old La Madonna space, and my goodness did they improve on the space! It's bright and airy and makes me feel like I'm on vacation somewhere very un-vegas-y! I had brunch and had a very difficult time deciding because of all the great options. I ended up with a turkey burger based on the waiter's suggestion. I was certainly pleased! There was a delicious mango chutney on it, and the turkey itself had some great spice to it. I asked to add lettuce tomato and they added a beautiful fresh heirloom tomato (oh my gosh *squeal* I LOVE heirloom tomatoes!) The owner was there and couldn't have been nicer! Great food and great service, who could ask for more?! I can't wait to try it for lunch and dinner during the week! Hoorah!
I would like to add my praise to the rest of the group here.  I had been hearing about this place for quite a long time and was entirely impressed.

The Decor is light and airy, seems very open even though they seem to fit a very decent amount of people in a fairly smallish area.  Decorations aren't over the top but it's very pleasant and quite clean.

Service was excellent, maybe a little slow every once in a while, but we came in during brunch so lots of people.

Food: Great food, I haven't had anything from the dinner menu but the lunch/brunch was very nice. Everything appeared to be fresh, and came out quickly.  I need to try more

The Bloody Mary: Best Ever.  Go drink it now.  I've never had such Garnishments in it,,, loved it!

DW & Bryce: Amazing hosts, entirely delightful, and treated us like regulars though it was the first time in.
WOW!
Met a friend here for lunch because I have heard great things about it... 
What I heard was right!

The special was a kobe beef sandwich... By far one of the best sandwiches I have ever had... tender beef, some of the best carmelized onions, jalapeno bacon, greens and tomato on soft sweet bread! A combination of flavors in every bite.. My mouth was having a party!
For my side i got their signature salad (nothing to really claim about it) greens, pecans and a dressing that I couldn't describe about later. 
Before the sandwich, I did have their chicken curry soup... another great choice.. 
A creamy curry base with bits of chicken and jalepeno bacon... only had a cup.. could have gone for a bowl. 
Very excited to go back again. My friend says the brunch on Sundays is FABULOUS!
It is a great place to hang around for a lazy sunday morning! The atmosphere is contemporary style with a open bar area. Also there is a open sitting patio. We Were there for the brunch, the servers are enthusiastic and helpful. Had a waffle with chicken, a bit weird combination but taste great!  There are a lot of choices for the dressing all are very special. The coffee is pretty good too. The price is great for the quality. Recommend!
DW is quite possibly the cutest little eatery ever, in fact I want their decorator to come work their magic on my home!  I really want to love this adorable little spot, but the service needs some work and organization.  The first time I dined here was not long after they opened and I figured they were still finding their groove.  

I made my 2nd visit today; my friends and I popped in to sample their $20 Restaurant Week lunch.  Our first course, the Jamaican Chicken Curry Soup came right out, but with no spoons.  Once they hooked us up with spoons, our taste buds did the happy dance for the little cup full of tasty-creamy-curryliciousness.  

Little did we know that we were in for quite a wait.  We observed as 3 nearby tables that were seated after us were getting their food.   After waiting for 45 minutes we flagged our waitress, who apologized and said our order would be right up.  After another 20 minutes my asparagus prosciutto salad arrived, then 5 minutes later my 2 friends received their dishes.  My dish was called "Grilled Asparagus Salad with Prosciutto", which I found rather misleading because I received four pieces of asparagus wrapped in prosciutto atop a huge plate of mixed field greens.  It was like ordering a burger and getting the full size bun with a slider sized patty.

Before we were done with our main course they dropped off our dessert that came with the restaurant week prix fixe, which overcluttered our table.  We waited all of that time for our entrees only to be rushed out when they finally arrived.  As we were preparing to leave we overheard another table that had also been waiting for quite a while.
Never been disappointed here but never been driven to write a review about dw until today.... Today my mind was blown by chicken n waffles... I've been disappointed by all the other joints in Vegas who try their hand at chicken n waffles and dw bistro just nailed it... I will be back over and over again-
wow is this place good.  I went here for Sunday Brunch and the absolute best time. The decor is fresh and the food is right on point.  I loved the Chilaquiles so much and must have them again and again.  The owners came around to check on us and are very attentive.  Service was amazing, Food was amazing.
We were seated quickly on a Saturday night. The first thing we overheard from the table next to us was the couple complaining about the lousy food they were served to the manager. It was awkward and uncomfortable. We ordered the prix fixe menu. Our food was very flavorful, but the portions were rather small and the service was very slow. We also heard the table behind us also complain about their order being messed up and the kitchen taking way to long to fix it. We weren't offered bread, but maybe that didn't come from with the prix fixe? No explanation there...

Anyway, I wouldn't go back. It had a very negative vibe that night and even though our food was tasty, it was too expensive and too long of a meal to be enjoyable, plus I left hungry.
DW is AMAZING!  My friend and I shared their oven-roasted jerk pork shoulder bowl and beer braised short rib and oh-em-gee, it's like heaven in my mouth!  The short rib were cooked to perfection that you don't even need a knife because it comes off with just a slight tug from your fork.  And the taste...WOW!  The pork shoulder bowl was full of flavor as well.  My mouth was having a party from all these excellent combination of flavors from every bite.  Their cocktail drinks did not disappoint as well.  I can't wait to go back and try the rest of their menu.
I recently brought a group of customers to this restaurant at their recommendation.  

The atmosphere, food and service were all outstanding.  I had a special fish dish that was outstanding.  Sorry I do not recall the exact dish because it was a few weeks ago.  I just wanted everyone to know that it's a great place for lunch and to bring clients.

One of my clients has a special diet consideration.  She called ahead and the chef prepared a very special off the menu dish for her and she loved it.  This attention to a special request earned them the fifth star.

My only recommendation to the restaurant is to review the placement of their loudspeakers.  The placement of the speaker near my table was too close and was a little too loud for a conversation, but we managed.  Please do not consider this issue a deal-breaker.
In one word OMG.

I moved in to an apartment about a block away from here and in doing a little research I realized the chef had a New Mexican background.  I was so excited but also poor.  So we waited to go since it is not a cheap place.  I was starting to get worried we were building it up in our heads too much.  Well we finally got jobs and finally started to get paid so we went to celebrate.

The decor, as you have read in all the other reviews, is very eclectic, funky, but clean.  It's nice and the patio is my favorite part of it.  They do have a heater on the patio but it was so nice out we didn't need it.  The hostess was prompt and nice and our server was on top of things.  She greeted us right away and promptly offered us drinks.  I had a half bottle of gruet sparkling wine, a little New Mexico celebratory treat.  The cocktail of the day was a strawberry mojito and the boy enjoyed it.  

The bread service was nice, some of the breads were a little dry, but that's a problem with doing everything in house.  The lavash was super flavorful, I had one of their beer knots and a sweet/salty brioche bun.  All very flavorful if just a little on the dry side.  On too the food!

We had the ribs to start.  They were not a small portion for an appetizer.  The sauce was delicious and tangy and sticky and spicy.  The meat was super tender.  The boy ordered the chicken curry soup and the jerk pork shoulder bowl.  I had the green chile cheese burger.  This is where the OMG comes into play.  My burger might have been the best burger I have ever had.  The bun was deliciously toasted with butter, the meat was flavorful and cooked perfectly MR, the cheese and chiles were delicious, the bacon had been dusted with jalapeno powder and then it was all topped with a beautiful thick slice of heirloom tomato.  I mean.  Come on.  It was perfect and dirty and just made my day.  Plus it was served with sweet potato fries and they were crisp and cooked perfectly.  The jerk pork was also super flavorful and a hefty portion and was used as breakfast today and tasted just as good.  

We really had such a good time.  And I'm so happy this is within walking distance of us.  I can't wait to try brunch.  Thank you DW Bistro for being so awesome!
We had a nice lunch there yesterday.  However, our entire experience was ruined when we got the bill and saw that they charged us $6.00 each for 2 single shots of espresso.  That is $12.00 for two shots of espresso. Are you kidding me? Overpriced Starbucks is right next store where we could have gotten them for $1.50 each. We even asked if that was correct, and were told "yes". Looks like we just paid for the entire bag of beans, not just 2 shots worth!!!
Great restaurant!  Add it to your list of places to visit in Vegas.  The decor is so adorable and fresh.  The drinks are divine and the food was yummy.  If you like chain restaurants, do not go here.  This is for folks who love to find a neighborhood gem.  Well worth venturing off the strip.
Love a place that knows good service! We went here for a birthday brunch - group of 10 which they had a great spot for. So accommodating and patient with all the trials that come with a group of 10. And no auto-grating which is refreshing (although understandable, it's usually always rewarded when they don't assume)!

I had the special of the day, which had something to do with a roasted turkey omelet. To be honest, it was good, but not great. But everyone that ordered off the menu had awesome food. Originally I had asked for the New Mexican-style slow cooked pork omelet, and when he warned me that it'd be spicy, I retreated. I regret retreating, b/c someone else got it and it was tasty! Spicy, but not crazy, and tasty!

Other standouts were the pesto torte, Jerk pork hash, and curry vegetable couscous. And in awesome birthday style, a delicious piece of carrot cake!

Oh, and they make a MEAN bloody mary. you won't regret it!
Yet another place you can throw into the argument for best local restaurant!  

My wife and I have had a hankering for awesome Jamaican food ever since we vacationed in Negril a couple of years ago.  While this place isn't traditionally that, they blend a lot of what makes that cuisine great with their own creative twists to it.  

We couldn't start the meal with anything but the Jamaican Curry Soup.  Anthony M recommended we have it the night before along with pretty much every Yelp review and it was tremendous.  I would strongly consider just getting a large bowl of this with a side of rice for my next visit.  In fact, my wife enjoyed it so much, she ordered another bowl of it WHILE eating her entree.  Who backtracks back to the appetizer?

I got the oven roasted jerk pork shoulder bowl which was rich and filling.  The jerk spice was jerktastic and the portion was pretty generous.  

We went for the "perfect chocolate cake" to finish the meal.  Pretty bold to call it that and while I've had better, it was a nice ending to an awesome meal.
I joined a party of 14 others for Easter brunch. We had pastries and mimosas prior to our meal. The baked goods were delicious as were the mimosas. The service, from the time that we we arrived until we left, was impeccable. My partner and I had the chicken and waffles and were not disappointed. The jerk chicken was mildly spicy and had a great taste. The waffles were crispy and tasty. The atmosphere was trendy, yet very friendly and festive. Everyone at the table had nothing but compliments about their food. The serving portions were very generous. I brought home a slice of carrot cake and now I'm regretting that I only brought home one slice. The items on the menu were moderately priced and well worth it. Overall, it was a great experience. I have already made recommendations to friends and I definitely plan on returning..
first time my family and i have eaten at this restaurant and i really did enjoy the atmosphere, food and customer service. The food portions are filling so if you can try to hold back from eating up all of the yummy appetizers, lol. Can't wait to come back in the near future.
Let me get this off my chest..  THIS PLACE WAS PHENOMENAL!  

Ok, I feel better now.  Lets get into some detail....  The wait staff was amazing.  I am bad with names so i cant give specific credit, but ill cover that by saying every single staff person interacted with us.  we went on a thursday afternoon.  was nice and quiet.  I had the Green Chile burger which was ENORMOUS and quite tasty.  A grilled buttered bun always wins me over.  I regret to say it was so big I couldnt finish it.  The pomegranate Iced Tea was great too.  and they kept refilling it!  My friend had the vegetable curry with cous cous.  Now while none of that sounded appetizing to me, I tried it and WOW...  The vegetables were cooked perfectly and the curry was amazing.  

Ill end with saying the carrot cake was SOOOOO good.  we left very stuffed and smiling.  

Loved the wait staff!!
This place was PACKED! when I came here with some friends to enjoy some Sunday brunch.

The bad: the wait was an estimated 1 hour long.
The AWESOME: you can start your all-day mimosas while you wait! And DW himself did not disappoint! He kept my little glass full, even as we waited outside at the entrance. 

I love the look of the restaurant and the food tasted great. I like how the food here has that Jamaican influence. For my meal, I chose the DW bowl of New Mexican-style slow-cooked pork with rice and...(wait for it): an over easy egg. How can you go wrong with pork, rice and egg? The red chili gives the dish so much flavor and spice. I also got a bite of the eggs benedict with jalapeño bacon, which was also very tasty.

Overall, I really enjoyed the energy of the people and the food of DW Bistro.
Thank you DW for the most epic brunch I have had in the longest time.
This is definitely the place to be on the west side! Come here to unwind with a drink at the bar while taking in the ambiance (can get very loud) or come here for date night and sit in the back where it's darker and possibly romantic to some? Ha!

They tend to have a daily menu, which can be quite extensive and you stop paying attention after 10 seconds of a 5-min rambling of today's special. At one point, I did have to ask our waitress to kindly repeat the dessert menu since I had forgotten what she had said 2 Min's earlier. She didn't mind repeating it after she gave me a hard time but eh it's all fair.

Food is actually enjoyable and generous portions for the higher prices. It's interesting to see the fusion between Caribbean and New Mexican food. Being from New Mexico, I grew up on the infamous green & red chile (chili) so it's always a pleasure to see places use it to it's full potential. I must admit that the Jamaican Green Chile Chicken Curry soup was quite enjoyable but I wish it had a stronger curry flavor as the curry taste seemed to disappear within seconds. 

The NM slow-cooked pork bowl was huge and quite spicy just like I remember NM red chile being. Due to the meat/rice ratio, you would need to add another egg to calm the burning sensation you might experience while eating it as one of my friend's stated. When I asked to have my leftovers to be boxed, I was a little sad to find out the waiter-in-training had thrown my leftovers away :( BOOOOO!

My guest had the braised short ribs and those too were quite delectable. The meat was so tender that it just fell apart. She wasn't a fan of the house rice that it came with so the waitress accommodated her by bringing a bowl of white rice. That seemed to make my guest happy.

The wait staff was um, interesting to say the least. Though very friendly servers, it's not the typical service you would get from other higher end places. They joke around with you, let you whack them with wet towels (waiter who threw away my leftovers) and can be quite sarcastic. If you're offended by sarcasm, perhaps this isn't the place for you. If you want to hang out with the cool kids but want to avoid the Strip, this is the place to be.
Found this gem during Restaurant Week.  Love the decor and vibe of this place.  Started with the Ahi app.  Please put this on your regular menu!  This was one of the best dishes I have had...ever.  I will come back during the next Restaurant Week just for this dish.  Unfortunately, the next couple courses couldn't live up to the app.  They were good, just not great.  The entree was supposed to be a steak with scallops.  To my surprise, the dish came out with shrimp instead.  As it turned out, they ran out of scallops and substituted the shrimp.  The server should have told me when I ordered.  

Another thing I noticed was that there was two lights out in the restaurant.  It didn't make it dark, but show some attention to detail.

No matter, that appetizer will have me coming back again for another visit in Sept.
I really enjoyed their food. I got slow cooked pork over rice and it was pretty good. Pork was really soft. I wish it was a bit more flavorful but good enough! Price was pretty decent too. Fried chicken and waffle wasn't that great though :/ I've had better ones.

What I found funny was that, on the weekend brunch, all you can drink mimosa cost $20... and food costed much less than that.
we went on a friday night, and was seated on the patio because there was a large party happening inside. we would've sat outside anyways cuz the weather was beautiful. we were greeted by our friendly waiter and we proceeded to order the chicken lollipop, shrimp n chorizo appetitzer, jerk lamb chops, truffle oil mac n cheese with mushroom n bacon, and for dessert we had the perfect chocolate cake and lemon lime pudding. we also ordered a specialty mojito and a glass of sparkling moscato. 
that was a lot of food between two girls, but we almost finished them all because they were all so unexpectedly good!
go, and you wont be disappointed!
Great food in yet another Vegas strip mall! I hear it's really the spot for brunch but we loved it for a quiet Saturday night dinner. Tons of seating available inside and we managed to walk in and get a table outside on the patio which was nice.  I don't think they take reservations unless it's a party of 8 or more.  My husband had a pork bowl and it was delicious, it was so large he took half of it home.  We loved the honey cornbread and the side salad was wonderful as well. I had the pan seared salmon and it was very good and was served with vegetables which were really flavorful.  I also had the soup of the day and it was fantastic. We will definitely return and our only complaint was the atmosphere was pretty bright and light and prefer a little darker restaurant at night.  The bar was very small so sitting there wasn't really appealing and I agree this would be a perfect lunch or brunch spot but would return anytime. This would be a great place for dinner with people you want to talk business with because the noise level was so low and there are out of the way corners in the back of the restaurant.
My first visit was this Sunday for brunch, and I already can't wait to go back with a designated driver!   Being the sensible person I am I passed on the bottomless choice of Bloody Mary or Mimosa but next time I plan to indulge.  I had the chicken and waffles and they were delicious.  I've had this dish previously but DW Bistro's take was spicy, crispy perfection.  What I sampled from the bread dish was also good.  

The staff is friendly and attentive and apparently the owners are usually present and probably refilling your bottomless drink choice.  The decor made me feel like I was on vacation someplace.

My only complaint would be that they need a drink menu.  The bar is very extensive and it would be nice to have guidance with a menu.  Not only that but I had a little bit of sticker shock when my berry martini was $12!
Nine times out of ten I will prefer to go to a locally owned place as opposed to going to a chain restaurant. I have friends that have been raving about this place for months so when a date asked where I wanted to go to dinner I jumped at the opportunity to go to DW Bistro. And I was not disappointed.

The service was amazing! Our waiter said he was a customer converted into an employee so he had really helpful tips about the food.I started with a glass of red wine then I ordered the Jamaican Curry Chicken Bowl. I was shocked when a giant bowl of colorful vegetables, chicken and rice came out. It was HUGE! And really delicious. The veggies were cooked to perfection. The chicken was perfectly tender and the Jasmine rice was delicious. I barely made a dent in the bowl so the server offered to put it in a microwavable to-go box so I could take it for lunch the next day. I wasn't planning on ordering dessert but my date insisted. I got the red velvet cake and pretty much died when I took the first bite. It was so light and flavorful, unlike most red velvet cakes I've had. My date had the lemon lime pudding that came with fresh berries and blood orange truffles. All delicious. I again couldn't finish the cake so our server wrapped that up for me as well. When we were done eating he told us all about the weekend brunch and I swear I got hungry all over again. I think I will try it this weekend.

I probably won't see my date again but I will be seeing DW Bistro again and again and again.
The wait staff was nice, and the guy who works up front (owner?) looks like Seal's little brother.  The "Kiss by a Rose" guy - used to be married to Heidi Klum.  I think my favorite dinner dish is the Grilled Lamb Chops but if you go for lunch, get the curry!  I might actually cheat on my girlfriend for a bowl of the curry.  I'm not sure if that's an indicator of my character, or an indicator of how good the curry is.  But I digress...  If you like bad food, don't go here, you won't find it. See what I did there ;)
Huge disappointment.  We walked in hungry and with strong recommendations from friends.  Ambiance is uplifting and well-thought-out.  Menu seems diverse and interesting, but for our first time we thought we'd go for the "best of" items.  The comfort foods.  

Best thing here is the bottled mango sauces. Everything is sooooo close, but not worth the calories. Plantains with too much honey. Mac n cheese mush and oily. Curry bland. No thanks. 

Plus side, nice atmosphere, good portion size, great service.  

Honestly, I did not even bother eating my food.  I couldn't stop thinking about eating a bowl of honey bunches of oats when I got home.  

Summary:  great atmosphere and service, nice menu, big portions, BAD RECIPES.
Totally redeemed.

The place has expanded since our last visit, so it's not as cramped.  We sat on the patio for brunch, which was wonderful.  Our server this time was attentive and friendly.

Do yourself a favor when you go here and get the pastry basket.  Blueberry scones are to. die. for.  I got the pork omelet which had a nice spice without being overbearing.  My husband got the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was surprisingly sweet, an unexpected but tasty surprise.  The portions were huge and I was very satisfied with our meal.

So glad we tried this place again.  It really is a gem.
Creative, flavorful, served with warmth and a smile.  It's all very good!
My crew and I average 2x a week the TurkeyBurger, BLT and the Seared Ahi Tuna sandwiches are absolutely amazing. Dalton the owner and Margaret (Server) are absolutely gracious hosts - love the food and the people. If you love Bloody Mary's you will be in for a treat.,
Amazingly good & delishhhh food!! My new breakfast/lunch favorito! Caribbean inspired food with Jamaican product sauce! Unbeatable!!! 

Luv the ambiance!! Very modern & minimalist decor. Clean & great staff!!! 

You'll see me there often for shooooo!
I went to DW Bistro last Sun, the food was great!! The simplicity decor in the restaurant really make me comfortable and relaxing.  The staff were extra friendly.  You have a really good crowd in the restaurant.  One thing that I don't 100% get was there were still around 5 tables left but we had still waited around 20 mins to be seated.  Overall experience was great.  Definitely a great gain for the SW area.  They might want to look into the wait, I dunno if they are trying to control the quality of service...but I do see many people left and came back for it.
DW Bistro is one of my favorite non-burger joints in town; I've never had a bad meal there and love everything about the place. There are so many great things to try each time between the regular items and the specials that the burger near the bottom of the menu has never crossed my mind. A friend recently tried it and has been raving ever since, so it was during a recent visit with some friends that I caved and decided to give it a try. Did mixing my burger business with some of my favorite local eats work out ok?

For a local strip mall restaurant, DW is surprisingly cool inside; it's very clean with white walls, floors and furniture, highlighted with orange ceilings and some brightly colored artwork. I was definitely impressed the first time I went and I'm still happy every time I'm there. As I said earlier the menu has some great items with its Caribbean inspired flavors like Jamaican curries, jerk rubs and one of my favorites the New Mexican-style slow cooked pork. The lunch and dinner menus vary slightly, and their brunches are excellent. I compel you to get to the bottom of the glass of your bottomless mimosa before one of their waiters comes by to refill it.

But today is a special occasion, and it's time to talk about their burger which is available on both their lunch and dinner menus: a New Mexican-style green chili cheeseburger topped with jalapeno bacon. As expected it was fantastic. The meat had great flavor, although not cooked medium rare as I had ordered. But the burger wasn't dry because of all the amazing cheese and sauce on top of it. The lettuce and tomatoes were great; they almost reminded me of a po boy you'd find in the south. The bun was soft, great and proportioned perfectly to the meat. The green chilies were fantastic, and the bacon was thick, crispy and delicious with a hint of heat. Overall this was an excellent burger, and should have been expected from a place where I've already loved everything I ordered.

The sweet potato fries are among the best I've had; cooked just right and not soft and undercooked as they can often be. They had excellent flavor and were seasoned perfectly. The accompanying aioli was sweet and delicious. DW Bistro is already a place I recommend to friends looking for a great off the strip restaurant, but now I can also include it in the small list of burgers I hold in high regard in Las Vegas. While some meals for two can quickly get a bit expensive here, this burger for $10 is a great deal and well worth the visit.
I thought this place was AMAZING! The service was outstanding and the owner was just a doll!

My friend and I shared and we ordered the Salmon Eggs Benedict and the French Toast with Strawberries and Bananas. The Salmon Eggs Benedict was to die for! The best Eggs Benedict I have had BY FAR! The French Toast was also amazing! The sauce that was on it was made to perfection. It wasn't too sweet which made it even better.

The guys in our group ordered the Breakfast Sandwich and the other ordered some egg thing. The Egg thing was good. Tasted a little better than any other place I've been too. The Breakfast Sandwich was GREAT! I had about a fourth of that because it was so delicious. The Potatoes that came on the side we great as well.

We also ordered two drinks. The Berry Berry Martini and The Bloody Mary. They definitely are not stingy with their alcohol. The Berry Berry Martini was strong and tasted great. The Bloody Mary was CRAZY! It had a piece of Jalapeno Bacon in it and it was just awesome!

The place was set up very nice and clean. They have the best hot sauces! The service was outstanding and the food was just to die for! I think this is definitely a place to try!
I had a great experience here!  Joined a friend for lunch one day.  I love the atmosphere, it's very contemporary with interesting light fixtures and clean lines - reminding me of a bistro I could run across in San Francisco, Seattle, or New  York.  Yes, that's what I'm looking for, Vegas!  The service we received was excellent.  Our waiter was entertaining without being overbearing, friendly, informative, and prompt.  My only complaint is a noticeable lack of options for vegetarians.

I will repeat (again and again) what so many others have.  The chicken curry soup is to die for!  Basically like sipping a cup of perfectly seasoned cream, but in a good way, I promise.  Oh... divine.  The turkey burger was a "real" turkey burger - freshly made from ground turkey and seasoned well.  The veggie medley was delicious - perfectly cooked, and lightly seasoned... I considered getting that, soup, and another side or two for a meal next time because I enjoyed it so much!  Everything we had was well cooked, well seasoned, and generous portions.  Absolutely a perfect date spot. I can't wait for an excuse to return...
My first visit was last night, and it was wonderful!

The staff was amazing.  I called ahead the day before the ensure that they could accommodate for my multiple food allergies.  They called back and said absolutely.  I informed our server last night, who discussed my allergies with the chef.

They washed all of the cooking utensils before cooking my food in it and the chef even made the Jerk Chicken sauce special just for me to ensure that it was safe!  I was absolutely amazed at the lengths they were willing to go for me!

My Jerk Chicken was delicious.  I was also very impressed with their seasonal vegetable selection:  zucchini, eggplant and peppers with mushrooms.  I was in heaven.

Thank you, DW Bistro, for going above and beyond to accommodate my special dietary needs.  I will be back!

On a side note:  I was amazed by the portion sizes.  HUGE!
My first experience was no good. I decided to finally try it out based on a lot of raving reviews from friends, but was hugely disappointed. 

The service was TERRIBLE! We sat at our table for about 10 minutes before being greeted by our server. He then took our drink orders and got them completely wrong. We ordered a Sprite and a Ginger Beer. Well the guy brought us a Ginger Ale and a Diet Sprite... Our water glasses were filled once, so we had no water almost the whole time (despite asking for more water many times).  He forgot to put our order in so we waited about 35 minutes for our food. I have no problem if the kitchen is slow or behind, but when your server is the problem I'm not very happy.

The food wasn't great. I had the garlic with white sauce bow tie pasta (that was the description). It came out with a bunch of asparagus and bell peppers in it (not described). If you are going to have things such as... garlic, mushrooms, bell peppers, asparagus, lemon, cilantro or anything else that is a strong flavor that some people don't like you should describe it on the menu. 

When he finally brought the check it brought me a pen that didn't work with the bill that was on a small saucer. 1. Filling tip and signing my name when I only have a saucer as a hard surface (table was grated) not good. 2. Don't let me last memory of your horrible service be a pen that doesn't work your tip will go down.

All in all we spent 90 minutes and about $45 on something that wasn't great. I'll probably give it another shot, but not for a while. I hear they have good brunch
We just had dinner here Thursday night and Wow!! Amazing food, service and the mood/decor was pretty cool... Lots of white with orange and wood accents.  We had the ribs, the chorizo and shrimp appetizer special, the fried chicken and the pork shoulder bowl. My boyfriend and I shared everything.  I can not say enough good things about the food! The ribs were so tender, the meat fell right off of the bone.  The flavors in the pork shoulder bowl were unbelievable, and the portions so generous we ended up taking most of this dish home (We ate all of the fried chicken ;-) Delish) Several of the employees stopped by just to see how we were doing, fill our water and keep our table clear.  The owner suggested that if we take the pork home we should have it with eggs for breakfast! Needless to say that was slammin too! I cant wait to go back!
I came to DW for their Sunday brunch. The place was packed! I was informed by host that it would probably take about 30 mins to get seated and I would receive a text message from restaurant when table is ready. I got myself a bloody mary with bacon and jalapeno from bar in waiting area. It was kinda spicy but I meant it in the good way. The salty crunch from the bacon paired well w/ the heat in bloody mary. 

DW has really nice patio seating area. However, we got indoor seating after the wait because we didn't have reservations. I followed yelpers' reviews and ordered pesto torte and DW pastry basket for appetizers, eggs benedict with salmon and New-Mexican style slow cooked pork for entrees. Pastry basket was amazing! Homemade pastries were warm and fresh when they were served on the table. 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qqs7LP4TXAoOrSlaKRfz3A?select=yF6aEKc6uehvpkVHW5Chmw#fFvNo24sT8rXgRee0qe8DA

I really enjoyed my salmon benedict too. New-Mexican slow cooked pork came with a sizable portion. It contained lots aroma of spices but it lacked dimensions (just rice pork and egg). 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qqs7LP4TXAoOrSlaKRfz3A?select=yF6aEKc6uehvpkVHW5Chmw#aY9RwznkjfyhuMlxO0iXIg

Next time when I come back, I would definitely ask for patio seating and save some space for deserts. (I've heard lots of good things about their deserts. FYI, they are quite generous with the portion!)
This very modern and attractive restaurant is included in the dining guide "Eating Las Vegas:  The 50 Essential Restaurants".  It is nicely decorated with lots of modern art hanging from the walls. I took the opportunity to introduce myself to co-owner Dalton Wilson, aka DW, who was born in Jamaica and raised in New Mexico.  The menu is a reflection of his heritage and skills as a chef.  

My wife ordered the Jamaican curry chicken bowl which was loaded with fresh vegetables over rice.  I countered with New Mexican-style slow cooked pork simmered in red chili and served over rice.  Both dishes were unique and delicious.  Neither of us could come close to finishing though we both tried knowing it would be many hours before our next meal.  When I went to settle the bill, our waiter told us Dalton did not want us departing for CT without trying a piece of his carrot cake.  

I thought we might receive a small sliver, but it was very large slice of the best carrot cake in the universe. The cake looked almost too good to eat with its white chocolate curls on the top.  Unfortunately my photography skills do not match the chef's baking skills.  

This meal, our last of the trip, turned out to be the best of  our entire 14-day vacation.
Cool place.  My veggie burger was good.  The marinated the portabello and grilled it which is my favorite.  My girlfriends special pasta had lots of layers of flavor that exploded in my mouth.  The veggies were cooked just right.  My only complaint was that they ran out of lettuce at 2pm.  The salads looked amazing and I was so disappointed I couldn't try any of them.  Since I am on a special diet, I was limited to very few items which sucked for me.  Can't wait to go back and try more.
I went to DW Bistro for the 1st time almost exactly a year ago. I got the BLT but found it too large to enjoy. However, in addition to a couple enjoyable appetizers, we ordered a slice of their red velvet cake (one of my guilty pleasures) that made up for the BLT. This "slice" was at least 1/5 of the cake. I'm convinced the white chocolate shavings were really angel wings because the cake was nothing short of heavenly. On to today's lunchtime yelpventure at DW... The second we walked in, we were made to feel very welcome. The ambiance is contemporary but cozy as a cabin. All throughout lunch, my eyes were buzzing about trying to find a flaw in the decor but I just kept finding things that made me happy I was there. The bar was full, as were the patio & indoor dining area & there was a party being held in the adjoining private party room. We ordered their pomegranate tea. Ahhhmazing. We had 3 glasses. We ordered pork flautas to start with & were given small bowls of fresh fruit. Seriously, I could eat those flautas all. day. long. We ordered the DW Bowl (no egg. it comes served over rice with tortillas on the side.) & the spinach wrap filled with freshly roasted turkey, jalapeño infused bacon, tomatoes, avocado, romaine & chipotle mayo (w/ sweet potato fries on the side). Both entrées were bursting with flavor & we had plenty to take home. We were so full (was it the food or the 3 teas!?) that we didn't partake in any heavenly delights for dessert but we promised them we'd be back for carrot cake & more tea in the very near future. The farewell we received was just as sincere as our greeting- like leaving a friend's home, DW is one of those places you'll unquestionably look forward to returning to.
We came to DW for Father's Day brunch and I can't wait to return!

Service was on point and our waiter started his introduction by telling us that he is a customer/patron turned waiter at DW. That's how much he loves this place.

Our order was the following:

-Pastry basket (scones, chocolate crossaints)
-Jamican jerk chicken and waffles
- Pulled pork eggs benedict
- Chiliquiles
- Tomato and goat cheese omelet

The food was outstanding! My favorite bite was the pulled pork eggs benedict. On the table were various hot sauces, including a spicy mango hot sauce. I put a healthy dose of the "very spicy" labelled hot sauce as well as the spicy mango hot sauce on top of my eggs benedict. A full bite consisting of a little homemade biscuit, egg, pulled pork, and that delicious mix of hot sauces made me happy beyond words :)

I was very happy with my DW experience and will absolutely be returning very soon!
I have to give an update! After the dinner we had there, we decided to try for brunch.  Completely different experience!  We sat outside and had a very friendly server.  The Jamaican mojitos are delicious. I had a Jamaican omelet and it was very good as well.  The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.  No complaints AT ALL.  

We went back again another time and brought a friend for brunch.  Again, wonderful service.  There was a wait, and the system they use was really cool.  It texts you when your table is ready.  The bloody marys were great;  pulled pork is soft and tasty.  

As mentioned before, the owner was present and very involved.  He really is a great people-person. They all did an amazing  job of making us feel special, which seems like what any restaurant would want you to feel.  

We are going to try dinner again soon. :)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, DW Bistro is fantastic. That's all I've heard so naturally I had to experience such spectacular eats for myself.

From the street it looks to be your standard Vegas strip mall dining spot. I was certainly not expecting the floor to ceiling decorators dream come true upon entering.  Fashioned to the nine, DW pulled out all the stops when it comes to ambiance, decor, and set up. It's fun, modern, but not cold, as most modern decors can tend to feel.

We were dining during lunch hour, midweek so lets just say wait time to get a seat was nonexistent. My guests and I were able to choose our own seats (always a plus in my book). 

The menu is a unique twist on sandwich type foods, rice/curry bowls, and other lunchable items.  I went for the turkey pannini and  though it was a little dry it was still quite flavorful. All I have to say is the sweet potato fries are delightful!  My next favorite part about this place is the fact that they serve FRESH lemonade with free refills!

My only bummer moment here at DW was the fact that it took almost an hour for our SANDWICHES to come out to our table despite the restaurant being virtually empty and our orders fairly simple. (Hence the lack of star on this rating).

So should my travels find me on the West Side of town and in the mood for swanky surroundings and delectable eats (and lets not forget bottomless lemonade), I would most certainly keep DW Bistro at the top of the list.
Aside from the hotness of our waiter, our group's visit here was awful.  Half of us didn't have water, the other half didn't have silverware, we had to keep asking for basic things that should be a given, hello!  They also brought us one basket of bread for a table of twelve, which was a bit stingy, don't you think?  The food didn't suit my taste, but the decor was fabulous, so I rolled my eyes and just got through the meal without complaining any further.
GREAT PLACE on too many fronts to count.  Highlights:  Red Stripe beer, the carrot cake that could get hardened gansters to tell on each other, the fact that it's NOT sports bar/casino impersonating a restaurant, fantastic and diverse food. 
Strongly, strongly recommended.  
Robin
Had a brunch menu that was not good all day on a sat... Brunch is on Sunday
First off, my first review since becoming Elite!  A standing O?  You're all too kind.  Okay sit down, I have to work here.

I'd wanted to try DW Bistro for a while but it's pretty much out of the way of where I live and work.   One day after a dentist appointment I decided to go a little out of the way on my way into work and treat my freshly cleaned teeth to the jamaican curry that had been tantalizing me via pictures and reviews here on Yelp for months.  Oh what a fantastic decision this was.  

I called in the order and was told it'd be 20 minutes.  I arrived about 15 minutes later and had to use their restroom.   I wouldn't say I have a fear of public restrooms but I do practice some well honed "only if absolutely necessary" avoidance techniques.  This was one of those situations.  It did allow me to get a closer look at the whole restaurant though whereby I usually just see the checkout counter when I do takeout.  I found it very sleek, modern, and clean, which I personally prefer over drab, dated, and dirty, so big plus there!  No issues in the bathroom (well none that was the restaurants fault.  just kidding).   

When I got back to the bar/counter area, my food was ready and I paid and drove to work.   I knew right upon removing the curry chicken bowl that it was a winner.  The mix of colors of the peppers, green beans with the beautiful yellow curry.  Had I dropped it on the floor and had to throw it away I probably could have felt comfortable with a 4 star review on it, but thankfully I actually got to taste it.   Okay I did more than taste.  I ATE WITH RECKLESS ABANDON.  "Is that curry I feel on my cheek?  After a few more bites I'll investigate further"   Pretty sure this makes it deserving of 5 stars.

I will be back, and I want to try every single thing on the menu.  This is no exaggeration, it's just one of those places.  It's "Elite" if you will.
Brother's banana waffles were absolutely sinful, and my breakfast sandwich puts mcdonald's to shame. The decor was very zen like with the ugh ceilings, open space, and simple pieces.
My boyfriend and I LOVE this restaurant and it's one of our favorites!! We just went for dinner for a fourth time (and I should have written more reviews earlier) and every single time we've visited DW Bistro, our experience has been amazing! The first time was for my bday in January and we couldn't wait to come back! So far in the four visits between the both of us we've tried the Ox-tail, short ribs, lamb chops, Dover sole and the Jerk chicken... and everything ALWAYS comes out juicy, fresh and flavorful!  Our MUST HAVE EVERY TIME: the Truffle Mac and Cheese with bacon!  The dessert is SO SO good as well! We've had the CARROT CAKE (best I've ever had) RED VELVET and the CHOCOLATE CAKE!!! We couldn't decide which one we wanted the last time so our server suggested a sampler of all three!!! It was like heaven :) The service is always outstanding!!!! The owner seems very passionate about his work and is always friendly (yet we didn't see him the last time we visited which is fine because he greatly deserves some nights off :) ) I also love the decor of the restaurant and it has a great ambiance :)  We can't wait to come back!
If I could give half-stars, this review would be more of a 3.5 than a straight up 3 star review, but definitely did not deserve four stars because of the lack of flavor in our entrees. I really wish I could give four stars because the ambiance was great, but fair is fair! 

My girlfriend and I and one of our friends dined here on Friday evening for the first time. We got there a little after 9:30 p.m. and there may have been 2 or 3 other tables eating and a few people at the bar. 

We opted for patio seating (one star for ambiance). 

The menu was refreshing and unique, unlike most off-the-strip restaurants in Las Vegas. It reminded me of something you would catch in Southern California near a beach. 

We started off with the pesto torte appetizer. From the menu, I imagined it would be a bit of cheese mixed with a bit of pesto and some crackers. However, it was more like a huge block of goat cheese with a drizzle of pesto/olive oil and a few crackers. I'm not usually a goat cheese, or cheese in general, fan but I did enjoy the flavors. I do wish there was more pesto, but overall it was different and quite good. 

I ordered the beer braised short ribs, my girlfriend ordered the chicken with roasted garlic bowtie pasta and our friend ordered the Jamaican curry bowl. I was very impressed with the diversity of the menu and really excited to try each dish. However, when the food arrived, I was a bit disappointed. Everything tasted very bland, which was surprising because the menu descriptions lead me to believe the dishes would be bursting with flavor. They were not. It tasted like one of those old-fashioned grandma meals or something you'd get at a buffet. Great presentation, very generous portions, but nothing to write home about. My dish needed something - some type of spice or salt. The chicken with pasta tasted like it was out of a box or like the chef neglected to add spices or garlic when preparing the dish. The Jamaican curry also tasted bland. Bland and flavorless. I was really upset because I had high regard due to the reviews. 

Also, our waiter wasn't very attentive. He came back to check on us a few times, but a lot of time passed between check-ins and our food was sitting on our table, ready to be taken away for at least 20 minutes before he did so. 

Perhaps we arrived late at night (we were definitely the only people ordering food) and maybe the chefs were just checked out for the night. I'm not sure. 

We ordered dessert. My girlfriend had the chocolate cake and our friend ordered the carrot cake. Both were moist and delicious (two stars here). 

Sorry, DW Bistro, I really, really, wanted to love you! Maybe we'll come back another time and try Brunch!
Far too many people do not know of the sweet spots we have around town that are not on strip. DW Bistro is definitely one of those gems in Las Vegas, not only for the food, but for the amazing ambiance. The modern furniture, beautiful art work, and the relaxing music makes for an environment that is just warm and welcoming.  

The first time I arrived to DW Bistro was to meet up with my friend Mario Luna. He told me about how amazing the atmosphere and the food was, I couldn't say "no." I walked into the restaurant and there was the manager Mycole Enciso there to greet me. He informed me that the kitchen was down due to some issues, that they should have it back up shortly, and offered us to have a drink at the bar while we waited. Mycole then escorted us to the bar and told us he would inform us when the kitchen would be back up and running. 

The bartender, though a little sarcastic at first, was great. Only halfway into our first drink, about half an hour there, the kitchen was up and running. I had never had Jamaican style food before so I was excited to try something new. I decided upon the Ox tail and it was good, but the Pan Sired Salmon that Mario had was fantastic. I actually went back about a week and a half later just to have it again. The whole time Mycole was chatting with us and making us feel very welcomed. 

I enjoyed DW Bistro immensely and I will be returning time and time again to show more people such an amazing restaurant that is conveniently off strip.
Love my neighborhood bistro!

Came here the other night for date night! Repeat offender, been here 3 times now... and will be back often since I live down the street from this amazing place!

I love bringing my friends here! good place to have dinner with your girls or date night!

I've tried everything from their sliders, lollipop chicken, ahi salad, lamb, carrot cake, and I'm always open to trying their main entree of the night and the dessert special of the day. don't forget to try their selection of breads~ yumm!

On my last visit they gave me the dessert special on the house! Thanks DW!

I'm surprised that a lot of people don't know about DWB! I'm spreading the word! A must in Vegas especially if you live in the area!

Indoor/outdoor seating. trendy. great customer service. fantastic food!

ilovejewelyn approved!

I'll be back soon DWB!

love it!
- Miss Yelp 2012
Ambiance is nice, food was not.
The food was good and the service was amazing, but it says they have a daily soup and I have been there before and they used to make a new one almost every. They still have on the menu that they have a daily soup, yet they have not made one in months.
Loved my meal here. The food succeeded at all levels. Plus the place is kind of fun. I was probably double the median age of most of the other customers in the place. It seemed like a bunch of young professionals getting started on their evening. The place has good energy.
I came knowing I wanted the New Mexico slow-cooked pork. The chef was born in Jamaica and grew up- in New Mexico. I wanted to try something Jamaican, so at my waiter's suggestion I got the curry soup. All were tasty. The pork was definitely tender and had a nice spicy flavor to it. This is a dish I highly recommend.
I also liked the curry chicken soup. Again, some nice, spicy flavors and tasty chunks of chicken, too.
I started with a fresh-squeezed lemonade and also got a drink called a Delicioso, which included Pisco. It was maybe a tad too sweet but I still liked it.
They brought me a complimentary slice of carrot cake. It was also well done. Nice presentation and the flavors were good.
Although it doesn't look like they have a lot of wine on the menu that is food friendly, I liked the wine menu. There were several things I wanted to drink.
Service was excellent.
My GPS got me lost trying to find the place as it wanted to take me there via Beatty, but I see myself returning to DW Bistro if I go back to Las Vegas.
Definitely a hip place, especially when compared to the tedious sterility of the Summerlin area of LV. 

Ambiance is nice, food & drinks were both good. Bottomless coffee & mimosas is a nice touch for a casual Sunday brunch. Prices may be a tiny-bit expensive, but portions are big, and the quality of the food seems appropriate for the price. 

Service was quite good, and overall this is one of the best places for breakfast I've been to in LV.
I had originally written a review far too short to do this place justice. I am rectifying this now. Seriously, if you haven't come here then you're missing out.

The menu is a little confusing if you're looking for a theme - but it's Caribbean and American fusion. You'll see some curry and jerk seasoned this and that. But I'll just tell you my favorites.

Anything they offer with pulled pork? Awesome. This is mainly their breakfasty stuff. Their spicy pulled pork is tender and mixed with rice and eggs often. They know what's up here.

Their grilled vegetable sandwich. Ok. This is not a veggie burger. It is literally vegetables grilled and placed between bread slices. It. Is. Amazing. The mix of the natural vegetable flavor with the jerk seasonings is perfect. I absolutely love this understated item.

Their grilled salmon and seabass over veggies and rice - perfect. They pour some buerre blanc over it all which pretty much makes you see the light. Take that how you want. Their dinner salmon dish is also tender and grilled perfectly.

During the weekend is brunch where you have the option of ordering their in-house pastries. Absolutely worth it. They are often served with their own jams and butter. You're welcome. Oh yeah, and bottomless mimosas are available.

Overall, you can't really go wrong here. There is a fun, modern atmosphere. A happy and knowledgeable staff. Excellent presentation on all food while still having a reasonable price tag. I just don't see any downsides. Except there are wait times because of everything I just said. Sorry.
OK, my first tip is sharing is caring! The portions are huge! GO ahead and split the dishes. Everytime I end up here I'm starving, so I think I can order half the menu, sooooo stupid, but the leftovers are great! 

So far everything I have eaten is great. The place is festive, lively, and they make fresh cocktails.

Check it out.
Amazing food..... Tried jerk pork with rice and eggs! Very spicy but in the best way. Also got treated to the best carrot cake ever, Jamaican with carrot, coconut, and pineapple.
Great food and atmosphere! Perfect brunch! Must try their different kind of fruits infuse vodka! For better experience sit at the bar! Bartenders are amazing!
So we finally made it out for Sunday Brunch for this highly yelped establishment. After about a 30 minute wait, we were seated.

Whoa, the noise level inside is CRAZY!!! The reason? ALCOHOL...This place makes for hilarious people watching too. To our left, we have the ladies from "Waiting to Exhale" Laughing and screaming at the top of their lungs(they already have doggie bags but stay to get their drink on)

To our back, we have the cast of "The Real World" with the openly flamboyant one telling everyone in the dining room his business (also with doggie bags, also gettin' their mimosa on)

Enough about the drama around us, we came here for the food...Yelp reviews talk highly about the Pastry basket, so we went with that. we saw the French Toast and Pancakes come out of the kitchen, but luckily, I saw a tip from Jewelyn T.(Mahalo Sistah!) saying the pancakes and french toast wasn't all that,(and my Hawaiian Sweet Bread French Toast kicks any french toast's ass anyway! buahahaha!) so we asked our waiter about the most popular items.."The Chilaquiles and Chicken and Waffles are TO DIE FOR!"....Hmmm...UPSELL MUCH??? Wifey saw a steak and eggs benedict on the table next to us and our waiter said "Those are so popular, we just 86'd them." so she got the Chilaquiles, and I wanted a sandwich with Sweet Potato Fries. The BLT is what he suggested, so I went with that.

15 minutes later, our pastry basket comes out nice and warm, Guava Goat Cheese Tart-BANGIN'! Cinnamon Muffin-YUM!, Banana Toffee Scone-WOW! So far, so good

BUT...

Chilaquiles arrives, looks better than it tastes, you can't identify the tortillas because it is a mushy mess under the fried eggs, and it was overkill on the spice.

BLT Comes out, Bacon is more like jerky, Heirloom Tomatoes are a nice surprise, but the toasted brioche is dry and sandy, not soft and toasty...good ingredients, poor execution. Sweet Potato Fries are stone cold so I send them back. 6-8 minutes later,
instead of fresh bright orange fries, they're a mix of crisp burnt ones and soggy new ones. Even Mickey D's and In-N-Out don't RE-FRY their fries! Totally disappointed, we just ask our waiter for our check. Screams come from the Waiting To Exhale table because one of them knocked over her mimosa...then CRASH! the Real World table drops two bottles of hot sauce all over the floor and the flamboyant one does a "two snaps up with a circle, followed by an OHHH SHIT!!!!It was a very long 20 minutes before we finally received our bill, after our waiter topped of both tables mimosas yet again without paying attention to any signs of public drunkenness and the fact that these people will get behind the wheel???

He also delivered a Steak and Eggs Benedict to the table next to us..86'd MY ASS!!!! I still would like to see what lunch and dinner are all about, so right now I'm giving DW Bistro the benefit of the doubt..right now, its A-ok at 3 stars.....The ball is in your court for that 4th or 5th star....ALOHA!!!


YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(341/365) "Dissed @ DW"
The food is DELICIOUS. The chef is a RENOIR!
This restaurant is NOT to be missed for foodies!
True culinary genius!
The hype is real.  Been to DW a few times since coming to down and will agree that it is legit.  I will also agree that there is a good value when it comes to portion and price.  One word of warning, if you are dining in a group, one side might be enough for the entire table.  My wife and I got a side of mac and cheese and after we threw in the towel it looked like we barely made a dent.

I will definitely be back for the Bloody Mary's as well.  They top it off with a delicious strip of jalapeno bacon in addition to all the usuals.

Keep an eye out for the omelet specials on the weekends.  $18 seems like a lot for a breakfast plate but it was AWESOME.  The omelet itself was HUGE and all the fillings were great.  The toast is also a big bonus.  In most cases toast is toast, but here it's a little something more.

I would agree that at times it can get loud depending on the crowd and if they are taking part in bottomless mimosas or something like that but you can always request to sit outside or in the back.

Looking forward to going back and trying more of the menu...in fact, I think I'll go for lunch today.
Great looking place and it is definitely a happening place as we waited for a while before being texted that our table was ready.  

It is EXTREMELY loud though and how can it not be with bottomless mimosas being served all around us maybe next time we will have to drink just to endure the craziness. 

I absolutely recommend the pastry basket which included delicious filled flaky turnovers with goat cheese and guava paste accompanied by banana muffins and scones.  We ended up sharing their version of Chilaquiles which where not bad tasting I think since it was too damn spicy to taste anything that followed my first bite
:(  I wish they would at least advice you of the level of spice since not all of us can endure fire! We also ordered a BLT which was complete turn off since served on a once toasted some time maybe that day bread...the only edible part was the Heirloom tomato.  This came with some cold sweet potato fries.

I will give this place another try but perhaps not on a Sunday... the steak Benedict served to the adjacent table looked delicious.
Another place I can rave about the food and recommend to my friends who visit Las Vegas!  Situated on the west side of town in Summerlin (yes quite a far drive for those in Henderson, but well worth it!), they serve the most amazing food in Las Vegas for a decent price!  The ambiance is spectacular and makes the dining experience even more enjoyable!  

They are known for their curry chicken soup and mac and cheese, so what does my group of friends do?  We order those of course!  Any boy...each bite of that soup and mac and cheese was irresistible and we just wanted more!

Did you ask for bread to be paired with that soup?  Well you are in luck!  There are 4 types of bread to choose from!  And it just keeps coming!  I suggest to try all four at least once, but becareful not to stuff yourself in the beginning, because toward the end, you will be tooooo full to finish your meal!  

I ordered the special for that day, which was a seafood saffrin risotto.  I assumed that it would be small portions, but I sure made an ass out of myself!  I ate too much bread, and when the main course came, I was shocked at the portions they served at this type of restaurant!  (Shocked in a good way of course!)  The fish, scallop, and shrimp were cooked to perfection!  Very tender and moist, and seasoned very well!  

My friend got the braised ox tail which she really enjoyed.  I took a bit and my mouth was exploding in joy!  It was so flavorful with the red wine reduction flavor!  Very delicious!  

Just remember to save room for dessert!  Many to choose from and the perfect way to end a memorable meal!  Once again, we chose the special of the day, which was a chocolate brownie with cheese cake on top.  Do I need to say more?  haha.    

Another thing about DW Bistro is the awesome drink menu!  One thing I like about restaurants in Vegas is each has their own specialty drinks created by mixologists.  This restaurant has a jamaican theme to it, so they incorporated a lot of that into their drinks.  If you are a fan of mixology, definitely come down and try their specialties and fruit infused vodka!
I would give this place a sixth star if I could! 

The ambiance is lovely. The restaurant is bright and very modern. The overall feel of the place was summery and just plain happy. It was very busy but I completely understand why. The service is impeccable. Travis was one of the best servers I have had in a very long time. Very attentive, knowledgeable, and showed a genuine concern about our dining experience. The rest of the staff was a pleasure as well, even a manager visited our table to check on us. The food here is a foodie's dream. Large portions and the flavors are like POW! Of course POW in a good way. Presentation is also amazing. The food is Jamaican style so blends of sweet and spice. Everything was delicious. The carrot cake was the best I have ever had in my life. DW, you and I will meet again...very soon.
this place is awesome!  can't recommend highly enough.  great food, service, atmosphere, wine list.  i agree with the other reviewer - i would seriously give it 6 stars if i could.
i went for dinner with 2 of my sisters and we tried a bunch of stuff on the menu - mac & cheese (amazing), one of the pork dishes (killer good - very spicy, just like she asked), and i had the fish special.  all of the food was super fresh, hot and delicious!  the wine i had wasn't on the menu but the waiter recommended it based on what i asked for (a pinot noir).  he brought me & my sister a good-sized sample before we actually had to order it - gotta love it!  
bottom line, i can't wait to visit vegas again & eat at dw bistro.  i'm telling all of my friends that it's worth the drive off the strip to eat here!  looooove it!
Located in the SW part of town, I've been wanting to try this place out based on the excellent reviews for brunch and their take on dishes with either a Jamaican or Southwest flare.  My cousin was in town for a martial arts tournament so we decided to venture off the strip and give this place a try.  I was warned that the wait for Sunday brunch can be long, but they have a nice bar area with a tantalizing selection of alcoholic breakfast drinks (bloody mary with jalapeno bacon and other beverages with island twists such as the fresh strawberry mojito), and there is also a Starbucks next door to chill out as well.  I appreciated the vibrant modern decor with white walls with colorful bright-colored accessories (see their website) and plenty of windows allowing in natural light as well as their waitlist system on the Ipad where you receive a text message on your phone when your table is ready as well as the opportunity to receive periodic updates at your disposition (savvy marketing).  The noise level inside can be quite high for the brunch crowd inside although there is a nice patio when the weather is permitting.

We started out with the pastry basket which came with a nice pastiche of goat cheese turnovers served with guava jam, blueberry white chocolate scones, and banana muffins still warm to the touch and they were a big hit at the table.  The main entree portions are generous and they all come served with a nice mini-bowl of fresh mixed fruit and thick wheat toast.   Being from Tennessee, I'm a sucker for all variations of chicken and waffles and the jerk fried chicken and waffles was on point with a decent amount of heat (although there are 4 bottles of hot sauce at the table if you wish to turn it up a notch), breast meat is perfectly fried into thin crispy strips of heaven that compliment the house maple syrup and waffles spruced up with a slight amount of orange zest.

Some reviewers raved about the rice bowl of New Mexican style slow cooked pork topped with red chile and a sunny side fried egg served alongside fresh flour tortillas.  Conceptually and presentation wise, I had high hopes, but I found myself disappointed with this dish since it was severely under-seasoned (I almost never reach for the salt-shaker and this one definitely needed some salt) and for all the time invested in slow-cooking the pork, it was definitely overcooked and had no inherent flavor as well.  The chili was a paste of what tasted like pureed chipotle chiles but it could have used some tomato paste or acidity to add an additional dimension of flavor.  I hope I got a subpar batch but will not readily order this dish for myself and concentrate on their other offerings in the future.  I look forward to trying their lunch/dinner menu since the curry chicken soup sounds amazing and their other dishes/desserts also look delectable, but not the groundbreaking debut I was expecting but definitely with high upside.  Ted Mosby describes himself in How I Met Your Mother, "I'm not some top forty song, easily digestible. I'm complex, I require time and multiple listens. I'm Stairway to Heaven."  I'm confident DW Bistro will win me completely over with multiple tastings.
This place is phenomenal!!!  Today was my third visit in the past 3 weeks.  The food is so fresh!  Ever since my first visit I have been talking non-stop about this place to my husband.  I had him meet me there for lunch today.  He is the type to always find something he doesn't like about a restaurant.  He LOVED it!  This place is a must try.  The service is wonderful.  The staff is very, very friendly.  If I did have to give one complaint it would be that I didn't find this place sooner.
First and foremost I wish I could give 10 stars... by far THE BEST dining experience i have ever had in Las Vegas.

came in this morning and sat at the bar with the bartender San. My bf and i have been in search of a good brunch place in Vegas and we've found our new spot! the decor is simple modern and elegant. DW was also behind the bar and he was so humble and nice! 

I started out with a Strawberry Ginger drink (its on their specialty cocktail list) it was amazing! so refreshing. then i moved on to a Bloody Marry. Amazing! their Bloody Mary mix is made fresh and it has a jerk spice that really kicks up the classic cocktail. 

for Brunch i ordered a roasted veggie egg white omelet. by far the best omelet Ive ever had. Roasted squash, peppers, and potatoes. and the various hot sauces they have really made the dish! my bf had the turkey burger. the bread on the turkey burger was so light and fluffy it was so good! 

we finished our meal with a strawberry mojito, but instead of soda water San introduced us to a Jamaican Soda called Ting. its almost like a Squirt but far better! 

all in all i cannot wait to go back. we almost came back a 2nd time tonight for dinner haha. Amazing place i will be recommending this to everyone!
Lunch. Went to this chic contemporary SW restaurant with a group of women for semi-business lunch. The menu is interesting and delish. Not your average fare. I had the Jerk Chicken Salad & Passion Tea (exceptional), my coworker the bowl of the day, and the other 2 had the sandwich special. All lovely presentations, by a very friendly server. The food was gourmet, fresh and oh so flavorful. I was told the brunch is wonderful too. For me, it was a bit pricey for work day lunch ($14 -$15), I like to stick under ($10) per day, but for a special occasion most fitting. I also have to say that both the food selections and decor swing a bit to the feminine, my husband (not a metro man) may not have been as impressed by the experience. I honestly think he would have left feeling half full & a bit miffed at the price. I won't take him here for lunch, (but maybe for brunch with free flowing mimosa) however, I will definitely dine again with girlfriends in tow.
You've read myriad reviews about the inventive drinks, meals and deserts.  I completely agree with the raves.  

What I love about this place is the relaxed, no-rush attitude.  I'll be honest, if you are in a hurry to order, eat, pay and run, let them know as soon as you are seated.  You'll get a little more attention from your servers during weeknights.  The weekends and Sunday Brunch are usually a raucous, madhouse setting.  If you decide to join them for the party be prepared for bottomless "All Day" mimosas, a long wait to be seated and lots of time at your table.  Personally I love the fact that I can share a drink or two at the bar with friends and take our time without ever feeling rushed by staff trying to flip tables.

A few suggestions:

1.  Dine during the week for the most attentive service and less noise.
2.  The daily specials are always amazing.
3.  Specialty cocktails are worth a try.  Beware: some are very sweet and very strong.
4.  Feel free to bring a bottle of wine from your own cellar, they are very accommodating.  
5.  Remember, most of the flavors are bold and spicy.
6.  Sunday brunch is a time for friends and good times, be prepared for an event, not simply a meal.  Schedule accordingly.
7.  Come back regularly and bring your friends.

Good Eating!
This place was awesome!  We were there for lunch on a Friday just before taking off for a vaca.  

The ambience is clean modern with a touch of artsy and boho.

 Get the Deliciouso as a starting cocktail...not to sweet and not sour...just perfect, I believe it has Agave in it. The Ahi Jerk salad was perfect...absolute favorite!!  The pepper jelly added just the right sweet hint to the over all spicy tuna...what a great balance. The  Short Rib sandwich was great too; tangy and sweet with just a kick of slight heat.  All portions were perfect.  We had the Pesto Torte fro a starter which was good, but nothing to write home about.  Actually there was too much goat cheese, but it was quite good.

We are planning on going again and checking out their dinner menu as there are more selections.  

Definitely give this place a shot if you are looking for really good food, conversational atmosphere and a place to tell others about.  You will be glad you did.  :)
This place is a little over rated / pricey. The waiter was awkward n touched me on my shoulder which made me feel uncomfortable.
This is my spot! 

A year ago, my honey suggested we check out  this new restaurant that was right around the corner. Since I wasn't in the mood for going out to a typical chain- the suggestion was a go. DW Bistro was a hit with me and my honey- It was love at first bite! 

Since our first dining experience, we have dined here easily 10+  times (over the past year). We  have never left disappointed. In fact, our expectations are always exceeded.

DW delivers on all fronts! The ambiance and style are right on target.The food is top notch infused with an island twist on traditional menu items. The service is always warm, friendly, prompt, and sincere. 

Another bonus, you can bring your pup with you to dine on their patio (just call to see if they're busy ahead of time). Also, I know that they are well known for their amazing Sunday Brunch spread. I haven't had a chance to roll out there to try it. But, I'd bet it's nothing short of AMAZING. Mimosas anyone? 

-- Kudos to DW Bistro
This is my regular brunch spot.  Do not miss out on the AMAZING chicken and waffles.  They have reasonably priced bottles of wine and I love their cocktails.  My man is a fan of their bloody mary (complete with jalapeno bacon), but I lean more toward their fresh muddled raspberry drinks.

Having moved to Vegas after living in foodie mechas Boston/NYC, this place makes me feel like home with its attractive decor, interesting menu and great staff.
This place is a gem. I never thought I'd find Jamaican/Carribean inspired food here in Vegas. One word in particular stands out... Authentic. They know what they're doing. I had the Jamaican Curry chicken and it was a tongue tickling blend of chicken, vegetables, rice and curry. Loved the way the spicy sauce drenched the rice. And the ratio of ingredients were proportioned to perfection. Delicious! 

Cristina had the New Mexican style Pork and she was blown away. That New Mexican style red chili was on the money. The pork was lean and tender. And the eggs over easy was a nice touch! Now I never been to the the Land of Enchantment, but a couple bites of her dish and I felt like I was there. 

I loved all the hot sauces. I had that calypso sauce a long time ago over some Guyanese style Lo Mein. It just brought me back to my NJ/NY days where this cuisine is easier to find. Can't wait to go back and see what's up with the chicken and waffles. Only one suggestion, or a request actually... Jamaican beef patties as an appetizer?!
Awesome !! My new favorite place !! Best salads in town and the owner was great !! Will be back this week !!
A friend of mine recommended this place and I had driven by several times. So glad I finally went in. It's a hopping place. The crowd is late 20s, early 30s and it trendy without being pretentious. 

If you try one thing, it must be the pastry basket. Get the special pastry basket if you can. The last couple times I've been they have had guava and goat cheese turnovers that I dream about. I went back a second weekend in a row just because of those darn delicious turnovers. On Sunday they have all day mimosas. The drinks are well crafted. I had a fantastic cappuccino. They regularly run food specials as well. I had the eggs benedict with the house made sausage and it was a great balance of sweet, spicy, and savory. The potatoes are a little on the spicy side for the average person. My mom wasn't a big fan. I loved them though.

You can sit at the bar or a table. The bar can get a bit tight when it's busy and the people behind the bar are doing drinks and managing orders for the customers at the bar. 

The staff clearly enjoy where they work and the owners run a tight ship where it is evident they hold their employees to high standards. I hope they find success and open another store.
This place is a great option for brunch and lunch and truly has a unique menu that has something for everyone. I have not  been for dinner so I cannot speak to that menu but Brunch is amazing with options in the sweet, savory, salad, amd spicy categories. Personally I love the jamaican jerk & waffles - a succulent blend of sweet & spice. I've also gone with the strawberry and banana challah bread and french toast and was not dissapointed. For lunch, the BLT sandwich was massive, and the chili was great on a colder Vegas day. My dining companions have tried many of the salads and so far I have heard nothing but praise. 

A full bar, with good selections of wine and beer. I think they have an endless mimosa deal on the weekends. 

The place can get packed on the weekends for brunch and they do not take reservations, so plan on getting there early to get your name on the list or be prepared to wait a little while to be seated.
I am very, very happy my good friend and fellow yelper Alma found this place, because without a doubt I'll be back several times.

The appetizers I've had were all near perfect, especially the appetizer special Mac and cheese, which both of my other party members said was the greatest Mac and cheese they've ever had. 

The Jamaican curry soup is easily one of if not the best soup I've ever tasted. I generally like to try everything on the menu in each category, but thanks to that soup I won't be trying any specialty salads there anytime soon. 

For entrees I've tried both the jerk filet and jerk chicken breast. The filet was absolute perfection, I was able to easily cut through it with a butter knife(they gave me a steak knife, I was just testing it). The chicken was pretty good, although on a menu this awesome I don't think it's the right choice. The side sweet corn and truffle oil Mac and cheese was also very tasty.
DW Bistro has delicious food with eclectic style. When I first walked in I noticed the beautiful glass containers holding different colored drinks. I liked the decor for the most part except for the furniture. It reminds me of specialty convention furniture. It would be nice if they mixed in matched like kept the clear bar stools and traded in the white plastic chairs for something more comfortable. 

We started off with the DW Signature Salad ($9.00). It had baby greens, caramelized pecans, oranges, bell peppers, sprinkled with goat cheese and served with balsamic dressing. This was tasty and refreshing especially on a hot day. 

We then moved on to a starter while we waited for the main course. I chose the Chicken Flautas ($10.00) . If I could compare them to something I would compare it to a rolled taco but these are much bigger! It comes with lime infused sour cream, queso fresco, and pico de gallo. It's served on top of an avacado tomatillo sauce. These babies packed a crunch! 

I was skeptical about ordering the DW Vegtable Burger ($13.00). I didn't know what to expect but I was willing to give it a try. I'm glad I did because it was filled with flavor. It had grilled portobello mushrooms, grilled sqaush, heirloom tomatos with chipotle mayo. This can get messy so please remember to eat over the plate at all times. It was also served with some crispy sweet potato fries. 

I also had a Bloody Mary with my meal that came with a peice of bacon in it. It was okay but It was a little too salty. My Bloody Mary ranking would read as follows : PJ Clarkes, Hard Rock , then DW Bistro. 

The desert was fabulous it isn't your typical carrot cake. It had white chocolate shavings on the outside of it and had bits of exotic fruit in it. I can't remember which ones but this was the highlight of the meal for me. It was yummy! 

I would love to give DW Bistro a try during their dinner hours.
Wow.. Amazing. Turkey burger was great. My husband had the fried chicken, I tasted his and it was even better. Do not pass up on the Mac and cheese. The bar tender was not skimping on the alcohol in the cocktails. Great Friday night dinner.
We went in for brunch last Saturday based on other Yelpers reviews and were not dissapointed. 

The restraunt is tucked in a little strip mall in the Southwest part of town.The decor is clean and crisp with white walls and chairs with green and orange accents  throughout. There are also fresh flowers on each table, which was a nice touch.

I was a little worried about the service we would receive because the place definately gives off a hipster, trendy vibe (and I am neither), but the service was impecable. Our server was friendly and helpful. The guy that bussed our table was also very friendly and we never once had to ask for a refill, he was on it.

I splurged and had the Challah French Toast ($13) with fresh strawberries. The bread was cut in thick slices and cooked through so there were no soggy bits as sometimes happens with french toast. The best part about it was definately the vanilla infused syrup. The syrup had real vanilla infused in it and it really made the dish. The portion was more than enough for me to share and I still left one piece on the plate. I also had the pomegranate iced tea. I normally am not a fan of flavored teas, but this tea was delicious! It was lightly sweetened and refreshing.

My fiance had the Chicken and Waffles ($17). The chicken is definately what makes this dish. The chicken is jerk spiced fried chicken and it is delicious. It was cooked perfectly, moist and flavorful without being greasy. The waffle was somewhat of a dissapointment to my fiance. With all the flavor in the chicken he was hoping the waffle would have some flavor too. The waffle was your standard buttermilk waffle, still thick and yummy, just not a lot of flavor. I thought this was a good thing to highlight the flavor of the chicken. The dish was also served with the vanilla infused syrup and again the portion size was generous. 

We will definately be back to try dinner!
Located in a strip mall on Ft. Apache, it's very easy to drive right by!

The inside feels similar to Vintner Grill (for those that are familiar) and they have a patio (nothing like Vintner Grill).  Our party of 4 decided to sit outside (although, they would not seat us until all of us were there).

The drink menu is pretty large and it took us a few minutes to decide on what we wanted.  They have infused vodka, which is usually exactly what I want, but I chose a Riesling.  One ordered a beer, one a lemonade and one a mojito.

While it took us some time to decide on what we wanted- everything sounded unique and delicious and after about 10 minutes, we finally ordered.

1. DW fried chicken ($19): dusted with jerk seasoned flour; served with homemade cornbread & jerk cream gravy
-husband ordered this; said it was good, but didn't love it and so he wouldn't order it again.

2. New Mexican-style slow-cooked pork ($17): simmered in NM red chile; with over-easy eggs; served over rice
-I ordered this and LOVED IT!  I recently have found a love of slow-cooked spicy pork and this was exactly it!  Their bowl is HUGE!  Great flavors and the over-easy egg with the runny yolk just added a velvety flavor (that is making my stomach growl just thinking about it!)  I was able to take most of it home for the next day and it tasted delicious the next day!

3. Chicken with roasted garlic & cream sauce over bowtie pasta ($15): served with sautéed garlic, pancetta,shallots and seasonal vegetables.
-Friend ordered this one.  Good, but lots of food!

4. DW signature salad ($9): baby field greens, caramelized pecans, orange segments, seasonal bell peppers,topped with goat cheese and served with balsamic vinaigrette
-Friend ordered this one; Good, typical salad.

They come out with a huge bread tray that you can pick whichever kind you want and however many you want!

Service was good and patio was comfortable- although a little warm.  I will be back for that slow-cooked pork- yum!!
We don't do things just once in my house. It's our anniversary weekend and  I suggest to my husband DW Bistro. I had come two weeks ago on my B-Day weekend with my girls friend and it was amazing. When we walked in the smell alone made my husband jump. He used to own a restaurant so it's hard for me to impress him. 
We split a house salad....what a great salad...mixed greens a little fruit cheese and nuts....it is a must have.
I had the short rib sandwich and he had the salmon....everything was perfectly cooked and the flavor was great.
Our waiter was amazing and very personable....I can't wait to try their brunch!
You know, when you want a really great meal, but NOT on the Strip? Something Tasty, that you know you will enjoy, this is the goto place for me. I LOVE their food. Spicy Lamb Chops - Jerked, and such great service to boot.
The restaurant  always feels lively and fun, with a wide open bright layout it cheers you right up! Maybe this is why the wait staff is so pleasant? The bright colors make me feel good psychologically and the fantastic food fills my belly physically.
I always leave feeling well taken care of and satisfied!

I have heard great things about their brunch menu! I have yet to try it, but I plan to soon. ( the wait for brunch can be a bit...so plan accordingly)
Consistently a great meal across the board. I have had lunch, brunch and dinner here many times and all three are always spot on. Service is always pleasant and the menu is updated often enough to make it a place you wont get tired of.
The food here is amazing and the atmosphere is so inviting. Every meal I've had here has been fantastic. Love their pomegranate iced tea. The only problem is they can sometimes be a little slow during lunchtime. They need a little bit speedier service for weekday lunch hours. Other than that, everything is wonderful.
Yum! So enjoy eating here...especially the Sunday brunch!
I think we found ourself a hip little bistro in the desert! Atmosphere here is very artsy, decoration shows that too. The staff here is wonderful and our server Lorenzo gets two thumbs up!! The owner is from Jamaica but raised in Mexico so that's how you see the variety in the menu. 

For drinks we started off with a Plum Rum on the rocks which had just the right amount of strong for my fiancé. I had a pineapple mango infused rum served as martini. Can you say refreshing?!!!

For appetizer we had Mac and cheese with bacon and mushrooms and shared also the Jamaican Curry soup just as recommended by other Yelpers.  The soup has just the right amount of spice to eat and you should definitely save your bread to dip in it. I will admit it was a bit too salty for our taste, but still we enjoyed the flavor. The soup is the same base that they use in the curry bowls so this is a good way to get a taste of the flavor in other dishes.

Mac and cheese with bacon was the best thing that was on the table. I must have ate too much because I definitely had very little room for my main dish. As a matter of fact I just recommend.

Fiancé ordered the Osso Bucco special because he can never resist Osso Bucco. I had to get the braised oxtail. 

Osso Bucco was up to standards in his taste, of course the best part of it was the marrow.  Meat was very soft and tender and you can taste the wine reduction. It was served with wild rice, but was nothing to his liking.

The portion for the braised oxtail was enormous.  I took my bite and was expecting more flavor, I thought it being braised I would have been more "marinated" in flavor.  The oxtail was topped on veggies and served with mash. I cared nothing for the mash, it tasted too earthy for me. Honestly they can do without the flowers in the food because had I not picked it out I would have been eating it... Not in my food please.

Since it was our first time there they served us a complimentary carrot cake.  That had white chocolate shavings on it, made it taste extra special.  

Three stars because my main dish wasn't all that.  Service and atmosphere was fantastic however.  Perhaps my next try ill get something that is more flavorful without the saltiness for flavor
I brunched at DWB this morning, my second time here in a year.  This place is so great!  I echo my first review in saying the decor is wonderful, the service is excellent and the food is THE TRUTH.  Seriously!  I had a chance to chat with Bryce again,   He's treats you as if you've been friends for years.  

On to the food:

Pomegranate Ice Tea - refreshing and delicious,  My server (I hate I can't remember his name - sorry!) even gave me a to-go cup which I happily sipped while driving.

Fried Jerk Chicken and Waffles - the chicken, oh the chicken.  Chicken breast was moist and fried to perfection.  The breading was flour with the jerk seasoning.  The waffles were light and airy and crisp around the edges. So good. So-so good.

Breakfast Potatoes - cubed red potatoes with yellow and red peppers and onions.  And the spices were just right.  They were spicy, but it didn't linger, you know what I mean?  Like the potatoes were not spicy just to be spicy, they had flavor.

I told Bryce I had just landed at McCarren and came directly to DWB - he thought that was a hoot, but was appreciative.

I will continue to make DWB part of my trips to Vegas.  This place is a hidden gem far away from the strip - and worth it!
My boyfriend had been perusing Yelp and came across this fanstastic bistro! We are always looking for something different and off the Strip. The ambiance is great and it didn't even feel like we were in Vegas anymore (which I like). We sat outside on their charming patio which I found to be very calm and relaxing. 

Our server (argh, i can't remember his name!) was very informative and helpful with our drink and entree selections. I was in the mood for some red wine and he recommended a delicious Spanish wine, Las Rocas, (of course I remember that) which went perfectly with my braised Oxtail. I can still recall the taste! Our server was attentive throughout our whole meal and definitely made it an enjoyable experience.

I look forward to my next visit with family and friends!
This cute little bistro is full of light and art as soon as you walk in the door. Brunch seems to be very popular here because the place was packed. I ordered an omelette that had green chili, corn, cheese, and so many more ingredients I forget. It was huge and bursting with flavors you don't normally experience in an omelette. Our waiter was extremely friendly and knew the menu well. All around us there were at least 3 people who had ordered the chicken and waffles, so my next trip here I will have to try that dish. I've always loved New Mexican food and this place brings a wonderful infusion with Jamaican as well.
I saved my 700th review for something righteously outstanding. We decided to square in on something difficult for us to get to normally for our staycation time and this was the one place I was I really wanted.

The space is modern and vibrant and it was a lovely day so we sat outside. They had a white peach pomegranate ice tea that is a must order. It's fruity and refreshing. 

After much back and forth on several attractive sounding dishes and suggestions from our waiter we decide on our lunch. While we waited, he came back with a little amuse bouche of sorts. He wanted us to try some of their very popular curry soup and it was quite nicely spiced and complex. Promising for our food to come.

He brought a few bottles of hot sauces to the table that were favorites and explained each one. A place of my heart - I love things to be more spicy as of late! 

Short rib sandwich was a beef dream. The braise on them was done right and it was tender and juicy and the jalapeno bacon was smoky and really nicely crispy contrast and their ciabatta bread was good and held up to the meats. I threw on some Scotch Bonnet hot sauce on this was it elevated it perfectly. Sweet potato fries were really light and crispy, more like chips in that addictive keep dipping in the chipotle mayo on the side and popping it in your mouth sort of way.

The "bowl of the day" was spiced chicken and chorizo bowl with roasted corn and chilies. This was such a hearty portion we could not finish. Lovely spice and I like that the chorizo was crisped up on the edges. This went well with the mango hot sauce on our table and was such a addictive combo. Being Asian I've cooked up just about everything and ordered everything with rice that it's hard to make me think it's the best thing on rice since white on rice. I loved this dish and reminded me of what my carribean creole neighbors mango gumbo fed me as a kid. Gah, nostalgia gets you every time. 

Since it was our first time there,  our server got us a small slice of their carrot ginger cake to taste. We were full and didn't think we can take more than a bite, but we had to eat it. It was moist, had a very nice balance of spice and the frosting was not too sweet. The raspberry and mango sauces and fresh berries on the plate were perfect accompaniments. I love carrot cake and haven't had one make me smile in a long time. My little heart is pining for some right now. I want a whole cake - none for anyone else. 

Service here was amazing. Our server Lorenzo was so upbeat and friendly and uber attentive to little details. That's what puts this place over the edge for me was all the small things which is such a rarity. Since it was our first time he told us the story of the place and food, took his time running through the menu populars and his personal favorites when we couldn't make a choice. It's rare that a place goes beyond to make your first time special and wanted us a bite of their star curry dish, try some of their banging carrot cake, brought us favorite hot sauces that pair well with what we ordered. It adds a depth of warmth and thoughtfulness that normally is reserved for regulars and even then is lost on many establishments. Something I expect from  ungodly pricey places, but isn't always delivered. Drinks were always topped off and we were checked on in a very present but not overbearing way. Also when we were handling the check, our ice teas were still to the top and he asked if we would like to take them in to-go cups with us and since it was delish of course we did. It was a nice touch. He also showed us their dinner and brunch menus and hoped we enjoyed everything and come see them to try out their other menus. 

I have been stingy with 5 stars, and almost never give first visits a 5, but this IS as good as it gets! One of the better dining experiences I've had in this city. Vibrant, exciting food, lovely atmosphere and thoughtful service. I put off going because I never have a reason to be in this part of town, but with a experience this strong this IS the reason to come out of the way here, and come back fast. It may even have to be this weekend.
We were just there last Friday night. We live close by, but had no idea this place even existed! We found this place by mistake and this is definitely our new Friday night thing from now on.
Unique food, great service, goooood food (though expensive, this is why they get 4 stars and not 5), but awesome vibe. 
Will be back again!
Great food, Great Servise, defiantly will be back...!
We've returned to DW Bistro many times, and always to a wonderful result.  This is probably the best neighborhood spot on the west side.  We love it, the guys who own it, and the people who work there!
We happened upon this on a sunday morning and were surprised to find the parking lot packed.  When we finished brunch we were left with not doubt why the lot was packed, DW is fantastic.  Great, latin influenced menu that has lots of options and flavor.  Service was great, the entire staff was very friendly and helpful.  They have a great reservation system that will text you when your table is ready, nice touch.
This place is more of a 3.4 in my book.  My experience here is better rated when broken down into pieces.

Customer Service- When eating at a place such as this one, I expect the customer service to be on point.  Instead, it was just... meh.  We were seated in the middle of the dining room next to a table that was literally one foot away from us.  One person in that party was extremely loud (which I know DW Bistro cannot help), but it was very distracting.  Our server only came over to take our order and never really checked on us.  Our food took a really long time to come out and nobody came to give us a status on it.  When our drinks were refilled, water splashed everywhere on the table and there was no apology or clean up.

Food- My entree was EXCELLENT.  I ordered the fried chicken, which is boneless, and it was the best mix of spices... so good!  My fiance ordered the short ribs and he thought they were okay, but not the best he's ever had.

Overall, while my meal was good I'm not sure that I dig the vibe that comes along with it.  Maybe I will try it at another time of day to see if the experience is better.
We went there for Sunday brunch. The menu has the perfect amount of options - not too overwhelming and everything is appealing. There didn't look to be too many veg options, but even if there's just a few, they are bound to be good.
The spices and sweetness they use in everything I tried were really well balanced.

I got the turkey sandwich and it was delicious with the fruit chutney top. It was heavy on the chutney so I added some of the hot sauce to balance out the sweetness (the big mango one). All of the hot sauces were provided at our table and were absolutely spectacular - really nice heat but also flavorful and low on the vinegar taste.
The salads are perfectly dressed and full of good, dark baby greens.
Someone at my table got the portabello mushroom sandwich, and it literally melted in my mouth at the first bite.
Tables around got chicken and waffles and made me second guess my decision for a minute - great portions and the chicken looked perfectly blackened.

The ambience was open and bright. Perfect for breakfast, brunch, lunch. It doesn't seem very intimate for a dinner atmosphere.
The waiters were great and one of the owners even greeted us out the door and asked how we liked the food. Very nice folks!

This is my new favorite lunch spot in Vegas. Interesting, delicious, perfect portions and bright, welcoming atmosphere.

Tip: The owner told us they don't have the Lunch Menu out on Sundays because they only serve Brunch. But if you know you want something from the lunch menu they can probably whip it up anyway.
Since my first review a year ago I've been once a month on average. Lately, they'd been slacking- the server actually lost our order last time (Ha!) and today he actually forgot to bring out our app. At any other restaurant I'd lose my mind, but these guys get a pass. 

The food, which is usually amazing fell flat today. I never use salt on their food, but today was that day.  Lastly, they gotta turn up the music and change out those dying flowers on the table a little more often. Details.
I have come to DW Bistro for both brunch and dinner many times and I always leave full, content and tipsy. 

For dinner, the chorizo and shrimp appetizer is super good, as well as the dover sole puttanesca and the salmon, both incredibly fresh and flavorful. For brunch the chilaquiles and homemade scones are a must. Brunch is a particularly happening time to be there. I recommend ordering wine for dinner though, I have tried several of their cocktails and I didn't really love them. 

Any time you go, the owners Bryce and Dalton are helping out, greeting customers, refilling your mimosas 20 times, etc. They are super friendly, accesible hosts.

I am anxiously waiting for them to open their downtown location.
i think it was called a caribbean mojito. i wont get it again.  i had the sole. a little on the salty side but good. sister had the steam pulled lamb. looked like pulled pork. really soft. bro in law had lamb on ribs. he got them medium rare and they were cooked right. the bread and lavage was nice. didnt really care for the beer jerk bread. the truffle macaroni with 

BBBB              A                  CCC                OOO            N        N                                               
B       B          A  A             C         C          O         O         NN     N                                                            
BBBB          A     A         C                      O              O       N  N   N                                                    
B       B      AAAAAA          C         C          O         O         N     NN                                                          
BBBB      A              A          CCC                OOO            N        N                                                                


came out but it wasnt even warm. they brought out another and it was... warmer... im used to having mac and cheese to be steaming. ordered a carrot cake. damn... that thing was so sweet. overall the food was great. 

now for the annoying part. the acoustics in the place is weird. ive been to loud restaurants but the acoustics in the place was so awkward to the point that i was getting uncomfortable. it didnt help that there was a table of maybe 10 ladies sitting in a booth that had the walls curved towards us. when i looked around it seemed like everyone was talking in their normal level and tone of voice. but it was so much louder than it seemed. my sister said that when she came for lunch they sat in the corner next to the bathroom area. if you look at the ceiling its curved downward in a sloping fashion. she said she could hear people's conversations across the room. 

who designed this place? put some foam on the walls!
If I'm anything, I'm a bulldog, according to my boyfriend. So when new restaurants open up, I sniff them out and attack! (bulldogs get a bad rap!! LOL) This review is looooong overdue. I found DW Bistro pretty much when it first opened. Roughly a year and a half ago I want  to guess. When my boyfriend and I first started going we could always be seated, the owners always found the time to speak to us and the food was phenom from the get go!
  Fast forward a year and a half....forget being seated...this place has BLOWN UP!!! And while I'm so happy for them....I'm so not happy for me!! The weekends are always slammed....be prepared to wait!! Have one of their specialty bloody mary's and relax! Now...the owners will still come around and speak to everyone it seems, no matter how busy it gets! One of them is usually at the door, full of smiles and hospitality, while another is usually on the floor helping out and checking up on customers. Either way, I am so pleased with the boom in their business that has not changed!! I always feel so welcomed and at home because of these two men! You rock!!!
  Onto the service...overall excellent!!! When it first opened there was a waitress or two that weren't exactly.....ummmm.....on top of their game! But as of today, the service we get each time is pretty incredible  It seems, like the owners, the staff really take pride in the restaurant, the food and the experience we have there. It's rare! There is one waiter that my boyfriend and I have had a few times and unfortunately I haven't gotten his name (well....I have but have forgotten it cuz I'm terrible with names). I do know he used to be a busboy I believe and now is a waiter. He is so accommodating, on top of service and so friendly!!
  The best part....FOOD! Still rockin'!! Everything I've had has been good!! The pastry basket is a good way to start. Of course if it's just two of you either be very interested in alot of yummy carbs or in taking some home. The blueberry scones are my very favorite. Served with a nice homemade preserve, they melt in your mouth.  One of my favorite Latin breakfast dishes is chilaquilles.  I first had it years ago when an ex-boyfriends mom would make it for me and it was so good! It's very hard to find a restaurant that serves real chilaquilles. A lot serve what I call breakfast nachos, which are not chilaquilles. But DW does it right!! The tortillas are not crunchy, the chicken is moist and seasoned to perfection, the sauce on top is just the right spice and I always order with egg whites versus the sunny side up egg. Chicken and waffles, burger, eggs benedict, chicken flautas, the pork anything...gosh I could go on and on.  It's all amazing!!! And I feel like I've tried most of it! (moo..haha) 
  Bottom line: this place is 1) worth the drive if it is a drive for ya and 2) worth the wait if it's a busy Saturday or Sunday!!
"We ate here last night. The food was incredible. Pretty spicy but the portion sizes were great. The staff was on top of everything and again the food is incredible."
it's a great place. the decor the ambiance is AMAZING!!!! THE FOOD IS 5Star!!!
My husband and I went here for the first time today- at 5pm on a Saturday- and we were thoroughly impressed. I haven't exactly eaten around at many steakhouses, but so far the best steak I've ever had, I had here. Absolutely delicious. Surprisingly generous portion sizes of top-notch food- they don't compromise quality here! They pay a lot of attention to detail. More details in the breakdown:

Ambience and decor: First thing I noticed was the decor. Though I ultimately don't care about the decor (I'm here for food) I feel like mentioning it anyways since it was very nice. Sort of modern and airy- it would be a nice place to take a date! Music wasn't loud which is always a good thing.

Service: We were promptly seated and the waiters were very friendly and informative. Food came out fast, though I must note there weren't many customers at the time we came. Overall the service was excellent.

Food: TL;DR- EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS! Yummm. The drinks were perfect too. Serving sizes were surprisingly large! The quantity for the price was surprising, actually, especially since the food was such high quality.

We were started off with some interesting bread rolls- they had a variety we could pick from. They came with a butter that I think had chipotle blended into it. Delicious.

Husband and I both had gin & tonics with a full order of the jerk fried calamari appetizer. Whoops, we didn't realize how big a full order was! It could easily serve four or more people. Calamari was spicy as jerk calamari should be. (I'm not a big fan of spicy calamari but if you want a good spicy calamari here it is!) The gin & tonics were also delicious and there was a lot of alcohol in them.

I ordered the special which was the filet and scallops with bordelaise sauce. It was served over mashed potatoes and with a variety of vegetables. The steak and scallops were cooked perfectly (I ordered the steak medium-rare), absolutely delicious. Steak and scallops melted in my mouth. I don't think I've scarfed down a steak so quickly. The sauce was delicious as well, not overpowering at all but flavorful and a perfect complement. The serving size was also generous. At $36 I actually consider this dish a steal!

My husband ordered the New Mexican-style slow-cooked pork bowl. He said it was delicious. Also the bowl was huge, with lots of meat! Again a generous portion size. He also said the rice was good. They really pay attention to every detail here. Also, the spicy food is actually spicy!

We ended up taking home leftover of both the appetizer and the entrees since we weren't expecting so much food. 

The bill came to $100, not counting the tip, for: 2 gin and tonics, a beer, a coffee, a full order of an appetizer, and two entrees (one of which was steak and scallops.) Since everything was perfect I think the prices are justified, and heck they're only a little pricey.

I am DEFINITELY coming back here! I can't wait to try out their breakfast menu.
I've been multiple times and it is always great. Really friendly staff and even better food. I highly suggest the tomato and goat cheese omelet!!!
In short, DW Bistro is a fantastic brunch spot.  Here are the keywords/phrases to help you consider whether or not DW is for you: FRIENDLY ATMOSPHERE, JERK FRIED CHICKEN, and BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.

There is always a warm greeting from the hostess and courteous attention from the wait staff. As busy as they get (and trust me, they can get busy--I wish they took reservations), they keep an eye on you (and your BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS).  

Even the customers at the bar are FRIENDLY. We met a regular named Randall. He was giving me drink suggestions while we waited for our table. People who frequent this place really care about it and want you to enjoy your experience.  And by the way, Randall was right about the Bloody Mary--it was a bit too spicy for me. I'm glad he asked he bartender to let me taste it first.  It was perfect for my Dad-in-law, so there was something for everyone. 

Of course I didn't need any help from Randall with ordering the BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS. When people linger too long, I believe these drinks are often to blame. This is a place to gather and linger.  That adds to the energy of the place.  I can see how that lingering can be both a pro and a con. 

We've been coming to DW since they opened. Even from those first visits they were putting out a delicious, high-quality product. DW takes a Caribbean/Southwestern angle with their relatively traditional dishes.  I don't LOVE every dish. But I do enjoy them. Their unique take does lead to some less successful dishes for me. But I so appreciate the creativity and effort.  

They always have tasty off-menu specials. This trip we tried the JERK FRIED CHICKEN sandwich and it was divine. I have no idea why it is not a regular item on the menu. It was one of the most tender, flavorful chicken sandwiches I have ever had. My mother-in-law declared it was THE best she had ever had. 

This is a fabulous local spot. I'm glad they are becoming a popular, regular spot for so many.
My husband and I had a delightful late lunch about 2 p.m. on a Friday. There were a lot of people there at that time, but there were a few open tables so we didn't have to wait. Our drinks were amazing--I've never had bacon on a drink before, but jalapeno bacon goes very well with a bloody mary! My husband's margarita was wonderful, too. We really enjoyed the chicken flauta appetizer--so tasty and beautifully presented. My husband had the New Mexican green chili cheeseburger and I had the grilled chicken special sandwich of the day, both with sweet potato fries and both scrumptious.  We split the amazing carrot cake and it was a huge serving--glad we shared it.  Our server was great and we were very pleased with everything. Highly recommend this place!
We came during the Sunday brunch rush! The waitress took down my name and phone number, and said there was a 30 minute wait. Right when I sat down, I received a text message linking me to the nowaitapp website telling me my position in the wait queue. In my opinion, that is THE COOLEST THING I'VE EVER SEEN! I was so fascinated by the constantly updating page telling you how many parties are in front of you that we got our table before we even knew it!

When we were seated at our table, the first thing I noticed was the 5 different bottles of hot sauce. Talk about variety! The lighting of the place gave it a nice cozy feel to it.  I had the eggs benedict with jalapeno bacon.  This particular entree also came with some house potatoes and a fruit cup.  The fruit cup came out first, and it was a lot smaller than I expected it to be. There were both red and green grapes, a small piece of orange, a small piece of grapefruit, and half of a small strawberry. Sure, it was a small fruit cup, but everything in it was ripe and sweet. Definitely a great start to the meal! When my entree came out, it was pretty much a biscuit cut in two, with a few slices of bacon, and topped off with some cheese.  Also on the plate was about half a potato's worth of house potatoes.  I honestly could not taste any jalapeno in the bacon, but the entire meal itself was delicious!  However, for the price of $13, I would have expected a bit more food for this particular entree.

I'd be back again, because the atmosphere and food was great! It was just the price that got to me. Heck, I'd visit again just to be put on that wait queue! haha!
Great styling awesome private room for  medium size events.
What a gem! It's sad I haven't been there until now, I'm a bit ashamed since it is so close to home. Dined with a friend after a day of hiking. We received a warm welcome. We snacked on dinner rolls to begin, that beer bread is awesome! Then, I had the oven roasted jerk pork shoulder. It was hearty and flavorful. Really comforting on this chilly day. My friend enjoyed her turkey burger, the chutney makes it extra special.  We also indulged in a side of truffle mac n cheese and cornbread. Oh, so yummy! Portions are good sized so we have plenty left to enjoy tomorrow.... and probably the next day.
By far the best food ever! So glad we found this place. Very unique menu. Excellent service! Thanks Marco! We will definitely be returning. They will be seeing much more of us.
Brunch is a madhouse! Vanessa N. was planning a UYE here and was told that they do not take reservations. I left my house early and got there right at opening to see if that would help expedite our wait time. Instead I was greeted with a line out the door and a no seating uncompleted parties policy.

Oh well, instead of letting that damper the mood I waited at the bar with a few early birds to begin the festivities. What better way than bottomless mimosas? Absolutely none would be the answer. 

For a large party, the food comes out quickly. To begin we were given fruit to start. Jade W., Anthony M. and I split some dishes to get the full experience. Speaking with a friend from work, it is easy to tell a Yelper apart from any other diner. We tend to get a variety of dishes and share. ::check:: The hash is amazing and $11 for a full order. It is a steal. The omelet with jerk pork was light and airy. The eggs benedict with jalapeno bacon was so so. The bacon is crisp with a subtle hint of spice, while the eggs were poached to perfection, yet I did not like the carb portion of the dish. 

The service was exceptional. Luis took very good care of us. We had our mimosas and waters constantly filled. When we started to get too rowdy, they cut us off. It is never pleasant to be told that you have had enough, but I appreciate it.
I love the food here!  My favorite is the fried chicken.  It's so good that every time I go here, I intend to order something new but I almost always go back to it.  The mixed drinks are great too.  The only thing I'm not a fan of are the uncomfortable chairs, but that's a small price to pay.
Love this spot. Food is amazing. Staff are friendly and location is great for us by our house.
Love love love this place!!!! Having my day off and wanna go somewhere relaxing and with a lot of sun, here u go DW Bistro with good food and great serves!!! Start with a curry soup and a small appetizer (the one with shrimp) yummmmm, and wait for it, for the main course-- a DW salad and a Mexican beef with rice lol!!!
Last but not least we got dessert AGAIN a must have carrot cake and a layer chocolate cake OMG 
They told us there will have brunch for sat n sun....ummmm I'm coming again lol
Went today for brunch...even though we had to wait 45 minutes for a table everything was amazing!!!
Also 20.00 for bottomless mimosa....yeah nothing better than that!
This is what brunch is about....can't wait to go back!!!
Service was good. I didn't realize it was a Jamaican/ Mexican fusion type place. I just went to have dinner with friends. Kinda pricey and the food was meh. But I'm not really into Jamaican type foods though, so I might not be giving a fair review. I had the braised short rib. It was kinda bland, and it was like pulled pork.... I might give the lunch or brunch a try though.
As good as it gets!
We went to DW Bistro for dinner and were blown away by the food and service!
Our server Justin was fantastic both friendly and polished.
This is our new favorite spot!
I have to say this place is great, the atmosphere, decor, food, service. 

This place reminds me of when i lived in NY SOHO style. Went there for brunch greeted at the door by the host and directed us to our table. Waiter came right away for drinks within 2 minutes got our drinks. Placed our order I got the chicken and waffles which were awesome so juicy and had a little bit of a kick which I liked very much. My wife ordered the fillet it was awesome as well. Portions are generous.

The waiter was very attentive came over a few times to check on us and so did the host at the door.

Ended the brunch with their red velvet cake which again was awesome.
 
This is a place that I've been looking for they have a nice bar area, outdoor seating glad that we went to try it.

We will be coming back very soon. Keep up the good work! Only regret not trying this place sooner!
I saved all my visits for one review....roll them all into an average and....I still get 5 stars. Start with the host...what a keeper! He makes everyone seem welcome, no tude and is incredibly personal. The food - not been disappointed, full of spice, flavor and presentation. Haven't visited for dinner, but brunches are the place to be. $20 bottomless mimosas or bloody Mary's make the ( sometimes looong) wait bearable. 
You'll love it!
I had a few  friends come from NY for a week. Went to DW and this place did not dissapoint!

It's hard to make a group of people all happy with their taste buds especially New Yorkers, but I have to say all of us were so impresed. Not one complaint the food is fresh and tasty. Even the pasta which I even doubted was superb. All of us ordered different dishes and all were GREAT!

We went to this place three times in one week! Twice in one day, for brunch and dinner!

Goes to say that this place is awesome!!!!
DW Bistro is such a fun place to go for brunch. Yes, you can have dinner or lunch, but brunch at DW is by far my favorite. Spicy bloody marys with bacon and/or endless mimosas accompanied with their delicious plates makes brunch an experience. My girlfriend always gets there oatmeal with fresh fruit, but the eggs benedict is amazing as well as their Chilaquiles. Although right now I'm eating my friends leftover Chicken and Waffles. So good! Anyone who loves brunch should go! 

P.s. Our server Marco was awesome!
We went to DW with friends for an early Valentine's day dinner. This was our first visit. My daughter recommended this place and we were not disappointed. It was so difficult to figure out what to order because everything sounded so good and looked so good going out!

First I tried the strawberry infused rum which was delicious and not too sweet at all. I did also have the strawberry Caribbean mojito drink (can't remember what it is called). It was good but I thought it had too much mint and strawberry pulp.

At the table for appetizers we had jerk calamari (not what I expected, kind of sweet), flautas (excellent) and a chorizo and shrimp dish (also delicious).

For entrees I had the special which was a pan-fried skin-on snapper with coconut rice and mango salsa (out of this world), hubby had jerk lamb chops which he loved, most had the ox tails (got rave reviews as did the spicy mashed potatoes), shrimp scampi and chicken pasta. Not one bad review at all with entrees.

We shared a slice of carrot cake among the table and it was delicious. The server brought us a slice of the most chocolaty cake that I have ever had on the house as well.

It is a loooong way from our house but we will certainly go again. There are still things I want to try on the menu!
Loved loved loved DW Bistro. Came with a group, and ordered a jalapeño and bacon bloody mary, and snacked on the pastry basket while deciding what to order. I finally decided to go with one of their staff favorites and it was the jerk chicken and waffles. Huge portion but so so so delicious. There is kind of a long wait but it was a Sunday brunch, so be warned to just take a seat on their couch and start drinking and enjoy your company why waiting. Can't wait to come back!
I wasn't impressed.  Maybe because the reviews were so amazing.  Food was good. Staff was friendly. The decor and atmosphere seems forced.  They gave us luke warm tap water with no ice- weird. Tables are too close to each other.
awesome dishes, friendly staff nothing not to like
Every meal here has been a wonderful experience and I haven't tried a dish I didn't enjoy. The space is light, inviting, modern, and fun. The service is great and I love that this location is away from everything. The JAMAICAN CHICKEN CURRY SOUP is delicious, the JERK CHICKEN LOLLIPOPS are yums, and I really enjoyed the DW House Rice that's served with a few dishes. All their meats, especially the jerk seasoned ones, are great too. I have yet to visit for breakfast/brunch (I KNOW!), but I've drooled over the menu a few times. But seriously, their menus are just so tantalizing that making a decision is very difficult. But that just means I need to go more often. Oh, and all their cocktails are delicious too!
First off the host is dope! I heart him he has a great carizama about him. An added bonus was when I asked the host if he had a Iphone charger he hunted one down for me lol and charged my phone (I just moved to vegas so I needed Siri alive to navagate me back home.) 

Second- THE BACON! OMG ITS CRACK! seriously im salavating thinking of it right now! The server totally hooked us up with huge portions of it as we waited for our food.

Third-The mimosas PERFECTLY STRONG! They only add a little oj I was wasted after having several. ;) (be sure to get the $20 bottomless mimosas its worth it.)

Fourth-The FOOD! Amazing well worth the hour wait. (Mind you the hour goes by fast when your outside getting wasted on mimosas ;) I had jerked chicken and waffles and it was the best EVER! 

Fifth- The bloody mary has BACON in it! WHHHHHAAAAT! BACON BACON BACON and a pickle lol how can you pass up a bloody mary with BACON in it? YOU CANT!

I cant wait to go back and eat some damn BACON while sipping on bottomless mimosas NOW THATS HOW YOU DO BRUNCH!
My guess would be this place is a hit for breakfast or lunch, at least that is what the majority of the reviews are raving about. We stopped in for dinner. The restaurant has a very cool and modern vibe to it. Our server came over immediately and brought out water for us. The water was lukewarm and had no ice, which I found a tad strange. The dinner prices on the menu were on the high side and hence why the lower rating. Their "from the grill" section averaged at about $25 per plate... I just ate a fine dining restaurant on the strip and my entree that absolutely blew me away was $32... so the price at this restaurant threw me off a bit. Simple salad averaged at about $15 here.. You get the point. It was pricey for an off strip restaurant in the middle of a strip mall.

I opted for the Jamaican curry chicken bowl with couscous ($14). The portion was huge, the veggies fresh, and the curry was adequate; there really wasn't much kick to it. I added quite a bit of cayenne pepper to my left overs which made it more delicious and less bland. Now, they could have EASILY made the portion half of what it was and had lower price points (this is especially applicable to the higher priced items on the menu). This would affect the marginal willingness to pay of the consumer. But, I digress. 
Boyfriend had Jerk Chicken Scampi over Linguine ($16), and that was very delicious..but once again the portion was quite large.

Our server was great, friendly, and accommodating throughout. They brought us a complimentary slice of their carrot cake, and it was amazing. The gesture was also well appreciated.  I would probably try them for lunch or breakfast again, but this would not be my choice for dinner.

My suggestion would be to reconsider the portion sizes, and price accordingly. But, something tells me that most of their revenue is generated during brunch/lunch, and dinner is an afterthought, therefore this business model works for them.
I had an OK experience with this place. We heard about it through Yelp and thought we should give it a shot. We only live about a block away so it was very convenient to have a pretty hip restaurant nearby. We stopped in for dinner and it had a nice vibe to it. The servers were really nice, but I have to agree with some reviews on here with the water...no ice and it was luke warm. Hmm we ordered the calamari for appetizer and that was a success it was different than any calamari I've had at other restaurants and there was a nice kick to it (if you like spicy food). My fiance ordered the slow cooked pork, it came with a bed of rice and vegetables and this order was horrible. It looked more like vegetable and rice bowl, she could not find a piece of pork and the flavor was lacking. We had high hopes with this entree just because the calamari had such strong flavor, but disappointing. I ordered the fried chicken and was excited to try it with the jerk flavoring. It's really hard to mess up fried chicken but I was not happy with this order. We ended up trading entrees because my fiance hated what she got. I gave this place 3 stars because of the drinks we ordered. Those were BOMB we ordered 2 glasses of riesling and  2 jamaican mojitos! This is the only reason why I would come back. We'll have to try again for brunch or breakfast but don't go for dinner unless your planning on drinking or pregaming at this place.
*****Great Cuisine
*****Great Specialty Beverages
*****Great Brunch
*****Great Service
*****Great Staff
*****Great Environment
*****Great Pricing
*****Great "off strip" Restaurant

DW BISTRO Hits it out of the ballpark with FIVE STARS all the way!
We came for Saturday brunch. The noise is deafening. Four screaming babies, one of them banging on the table. I'm not sure I can't blame the restaurant for rude parents, but people looking for a quiet brunch should be warned.
Dined here for a dinner date and everything about this place was amazing. Trendy and pretty atmosphere and restaurant, top notch service by the staff & bar tenders (very attentive & friendly), and the food was delicious! Everyone was having a great time. This was a great spot! We'll definitely try this place for brunch next time too as I hear it's really good.
My party of 4 and I went to DW Bistro around 3:45 pm for a late lunch. There were very few actually dining but several people at the bar. None of us had been here before, and we were tired of eating at Asian restaurants... Because this was close by, we decided to check it out! At first impression, I loved the interior design: the light was pouring in perfectly. It was bright, contemporary, and very modern. My friends and I noticed that the patio outside was also very well-decorated and wondered what it'd look like at night. It also helped that the weather was perfect. The host that handed us the menus and seated us was very friendly! The ambiance was perfect and I loved the art on the walls. We were attended to immediately, and our server, Louis, was attentive and patient considering we were first timers. Our glasses were always filled! There were no long waits and our food came out pretty quickly. 

A friend of mine asked if they had tea and our server said they only had pomegranate iced tea. Because he didn't know what that was like, our server was kind enough to bring one for him to try and see if he'd like one. Here's what we ordered:

1. New Mexican style slow-cooked pork - Served eggs over easy, this slow cooked pork has the perfect texture and is jam-packed with heat! The portions are huge when you order bowls so you might want to share this one...
2. Jerk Chicken scampi over linguine - Their jerk chicken is absolutely delicious and the sauce was delish!!! The jerk chicken was a little too spicy for my friend, and our kind server (again, to the rescue) brought him a glass of milk. It helped him a lot!
3. Grilled Jerk chicken breast - One bite ensued a burst of flavor and harmonized well with the rice!
4. New Mexican style green chile cheeseburger - It was tasty! But I am not a fan of jalapenos...That's just me though.

Our server also gave us a complimentary slice of cake because we were first timers there! We chose red velvet and it was heavenly! He also mentioned that brunch here was big. I will definitely be coming back for it!
Beauty, Brains, Braun, Hipsters, Families...wait, what? 

That's the type of crowd you'll get here at one of the best brunch spots I've ever been to. Sure, you'll have to wait perhaps an hour, but grab a drink from their bar that has so many different types of fruit-infused alcohol and a $20 all you can drink mimosa special.

Rumor (unconfirmed) has it that the restaurant owners go and purchase all their ingredients and food fresh in the morning before cooking it up during the afternoon. I'd believe it.

They even send you a text message/call you whenever your table is ready. Unfortunately for anyone not living in the vegas area, there's not much to do right around here. Anyways, on to the food.

Starters:
Grab the DW Pastry Basket and don't think twice...chocolate croissants, blueberry white chocolate scones, banana nut bread, guava something something goodness, etc. Enough to share all around and you can take the fresh-baked greatness.

Jerk Fried Chicken & Waffles: Best.chicken.and.waffles.ever. Chicken breast made me initially think twice about this dish, as i expected it to be pretty dry. Add in the lightly battered jerk spices on top of a moist piece of chicken breast, and you've got a winner.

I didn't have any, but the slow-cooked pork was pretty good according to the rest of my party.

Friendly waitstaff, fun atmosphere, delicious food = big winner in my book.
Do not leave without asking (begging) for their lemon-lime pudding. It is amazing!!! It is a creation that is not always available, but a must if it is. The delectable pudding is light and melts in your mouth. Today it was accompanied by fresh berries from the Downtown Farmer's Market as well as hand-dipped chocolate biscotti and a fresh mint sprig. Yummy!
What do I love about this place? The atmosphere, decor, crowd and fresh-ingredients and dishes that never cease to amaze.
Also, I've seen a couple reviews on lukewarm water... just ask for ice they have always been willing to accommodate any of our requests!
The moment you step in, you are welcomed with unique & chic decor! It feels like you are eating at someone else's home. The ambiance and the staff is great! 

Although I only went for brunch, there was an array of dishes to choose from! I tried the chicken flautas for starters and it was just as delicious as it looked! Must try! I also had the omelette and it came with fresh fruits and your choice of bread with many spices to choose from on the table! Mmmm!

I will definitely be back to try the desserts and other dishes!
I was in town from LA for a little R&R and wanted to check out good foodie local places in Vegas. The reviews on Yelp sold me, and my experience at the restaurant proved them right. This restaurant is in such an obscure shopping strip (it seems like there's a Starbucks on every corner in Vegas!), but the quality is unbeatable. The service was top notch (our drinks never even went half down because the servers were so quick at refilling) and the food was fantastic and unique. I've never had any type of New Mexico/Carribbean-inspired cuisine, but I know I like it from this restaurant.
I really wanted to like this place but somehow it managed to fail my expectation.
Ordered short ribs for an appetizer, grilled chicken with rice and jerk chicken curry bowl. Ribs were pretty good (but I cooked them at home so many times and I know it is pretty difficult to mess it up unless you're a really lousy cook). But entrees have really failed (especially for the price) and took good 40 minutes to be delivered (server's explanation was that printer in a kitchen was unplugged! Really, no tickets coming out in a kitchen on Friday night?!)

Jerk chicken curry bowl: looked like a haphazardly thrown together bunch of vegetables with chunks of absolutely unseasoned chicken breast mixed with canned curry sauce. I won't comment on couscous because it is just... couscous. C'mon DW... you can do better than that for $16. Although, I admit that it tasted better next day after soaking the curry sauce :)

Grilled Jerk Chicken breast.... again barely any flavor to it and barely a trace of advertised tropical orange glaze.

We were issued a complimentary cake at the end of the meal... which at least shows that DW acknowledged the long wait and was apologetic about it.

Food aside there are some other issues that DW Bistro management can address if they want to create a proper atmosphere. Since we had good 40 minutes to wait we had nothing to do but observe people around us... in particular, waiters slapping each other butts casually on a dining floor or bus person wiping his nose with his arm (he is either sick or he was doing coke in a back of the house).
Absolutely my favorite place in all of Southwest Vegas, and worth a trip from the Strip for tourists. My first visit was opening night and I return every chance I get. The staff is friendly and professional and the food is mind-blowingly delicious. Always a surprise in the flavors (like jalopeno bacon on the BLT or this fabulous chutney on the super-moist turkey burger) to make each meal fun and yummy.  The owners are present and welcoming and make all of us guests feel like VIP's.  Don't miss specialty cocktails or dessert; they infuse their own spirits with all kinds of great twists of flavors and the desserts are all made on-site. mmmmmm
Great food, atmosphere. Will be back.
Food took forever to come out. By the time we got the food, we were disappointed with the food. The food was tasteless, hard, and pricey.
Love this place! It's very inviting, always lively with happy and friendly faces and good food! I love the decor, it's classy and retro and modern. The owners seem to always be around and they're extremely friendly, which is always a plus! 

Our first time at dw bistro we went in for dinner. It was quiet and intimate. We ordered an appetizer which was the jerk calamari, one of their most popular apps.. It was ok, but we couldnt eat the whole thing... the sauce was slightly thick for my taste. But my dinner was absolutely amazing! I got the jerk chicken curry bowl with couscous and wow, first of all it was huge I could hardly put a dent in it but I couldn't stop eating it. It was so flavorful and they incorporated so many different vegetables into it. I loved it...

2 days later we went back with a group of 8 for brunch... There was a 30 minute wait, not sure why bc there were several open seats on the patio that could have been pushed together, but it was worth the wait. Great breakfast, amazinggggggg bloody Mary's mmmmm super spicy I was in love, bottomless mimosas for $20 - can't beat that. I had a special which was the southwest omelette and it was great and once again huge!!! Couldn't finish it. Their breakfast potatoes were way too salty for me though. I loved the huge texas toast they served with my meal though. Tasted very fresh. They also brought out the basket of pastries, yum! And everyone had a great time. It has a very positive upbeat feel. We have already recommended it to friends and family and will absolutely be back! A vegas gem!
Came here with my man a while ago for the first time after reading so many pleasant reviews on Yelp. Walking in the atmosphere is very clean and fresh looking.. reminds me of a couple places in Cali.. Lots of 2 top tables (I hate 2 tops BTW) and a nice patio too. We had plans for a big dinner later on that night so we just wanted something to hold us over until then. 

The server was very nice and explained the menu to us and told us what items were her favorites. We decided on:
Chicken Flautas $10.. which were like taquitos but much much better.. loved the queso fresco and avocado tomatilla sauce that was drizzeled over the 6 pieces!
Ahi Tuna Salad $15... Loved the mixed greens and citrus vinaigrette that it came with.. The ahi tuna was not thinly sliced like I'm used to but came in like medallions.. So good!
Red Stripe Beer $5.. For my man.. He said he had to get Jamaican beer with his meal. lol
Jamaican Mojito $12.. was refreshing, delicious and I loved the presentation
Hot Sauces.. They have a lot and our nice server described each one for us. 

The owner thought he recognized me but he was mistaken haha he was so chill and introduced himself and made sure we were completely satisfied. 
I most likely will be back here for dinner at the patio or during their weekend brunch.

HOT TIP: I hear during their weekend brunch they have bottomless mimosas for $20
I had the pan-seared salmon and my friends had sandwiches.  Very good!  The servers were nice and seemed like a cool local place.  I want to give this 5 stars, but the restaurant needs to turn on the air con, it's not winter anymore lol
One of my new favorite spots in town. My first visit was during dinner. I tried the turkey sliders and they were delicious, a bit dry but the flavors of the mango chutney i believe was unique. my friend and i shared the seared ahi tuna salad. The quality of tuna was superb! Something about the vinaigrette and tuna makes a perfect pair.  
We each had a slice of raspberry cheesecake i believe-UNBELIEVABLE. I'm actually craving a slice right now. 

My second visit was for brunch on a Sunday morning, the line was out the door! If you come as a duo, sit at the bar to avoid the table wait. They serve food at the bar as well. I tried the bloody mary with an order of chicken and waffles. Bloody mary was delicious! Very spicy and authentically made. I don't normally like bacon but the slice of bacon in the glass was perfect. Chicken and waffles were amazing. Chicken was moist and flavorful while the waffle was simple yet fluffy. I could only eat half my order. My friend ordered the mexican-style slow cooked pork bowl. It was so satisfying! More of a lunch items rather than brunch to me. 

The only downfall of the meal was since we were at the bar and the restaurant was so busy that people were ordering drinks from all around us. Very loud inside but great experience.
HIghly rated on Yelp, I've been wanting to eat here for a long time.  The first attempt was a fail.  It was a Sunday around 11:30am and the wait was 1.5 hours long.  My friend and I ended up going to the Yard House instead.  Having learned my lesson, I returned on a recent Sunday, but this time my gal pal and I got there around 9:45am, 15 minutes before they opened.  At first there was no one around, but at 9:50am, cars started arriving and people began to gather at the front doors in groups.  By the time 10:00am rolled around, there had to be at least 15 people waiting.  There really was no line formation, which was frustrating because once the doors opened, people just rushed in, not caring that others had been there first.  My friend and I got seated fairly quickly, but I would have been upset if we had to wait longer since we were technically the second ones to arrive.  Once seated, though, everything was smooth sailing for our brunch. 
 
   We shared the DW Pastry Basket:  2 big chocolate croissants and 3 blueberry white chocolate scones--we both enjoyed the croissants more than the scones.  I went vegetarian, ordering the Mini Corn Tortilla, an egg over easy with black beans, pico de gallo and queso fresco cheese atop two corn tortillas.  This was a hearty dish, nice and filling.  My friend had one of the specials that involved filet mignon and eggs, I think--whatever it was, she loved it.  Our waiter was very friendly and checked on us often and at the end of our meals, when we were already full, said waiter told us he was bringing us a surprise since it was our first visit.  The next thing we know, there's a lovely piece of carrot cake on the table--wow, that's so nice!  

   This place is popular for a reason; great service and food.  I definitely recommend it, but be prepared for a wait unless you get there early.  There were people waiting for a table the whole time we were there and also when we left.  I want to go back now that I can have meat again and sample some of the other tasty-looking items on the menu.
DW Bistro: *heart* (since I can't use a heart emoticon on Yelp, apparently) 

Totally unassuming in a little strip mall on Fort Apache. The space is a breath of fresh air in Vegas - modern, fun, bright, pretty. Lots of white and orange (think creamsicle-chic!) with cute three dimensional star pendant lights hanging above the bar and green pops from the potted plants scattered throughout. The restaurant is fairly small, with a comfortable little patio which is a good place to enjoy the weather when it is pleasant. 

Their menu is a mix of jamaican and new mexican cuisine, which seems like a strange combo but surprisingly, the flavors work together to create all sorts of yumminess in my tummy, so I'm a happy camper!

Favorite dishes - Jerk Chicken Drumette Appetizer (LOTS of flavor with some definite heat) and the Pesto Torte Appetizer, which is perfect to share - goat cheese with nuts and flatbread crackers. Entree - The Fried Chicken!! I tried a few other things prior to finding this gem on the menu - fish, short ribs, etc - and although they were good, the Fried Chicken is what keeps me coming back. The Chicken has a bit of jerk seasoning to it for some spice, the skin is crispy, the chicken is moist, and it is served with the most delicious, melt in your mouth yet unbelievably dense cornbread ever. There is also a petite pitcher of jerk gravy that you can dunk/smother/drink your meal with. 

DESSERT (always the most important part) - they have a cake tasting. Yes, a cake tasting. These are not tiny bite sized pieces of cake - no - they are relatively normal sized slices of their Carrot Cake, Red Velvet Cake, and Chocolate Cake. They are all amazing. Don't get just one type of cake and say "I'll try the Red Velvet next time"... go get the cake tasting and eat it all. You can share it if you want, but I don't. It's amazing and it should be a rule that all restaurants offer cake tastings. 

Lastly, service is usually quite good, particularly for an off-strip place. The greatest thing is that the restaurant owners are pretty much always around in the restaurant. They stop by the tables to say hello and chat and overall just make you feel incredibly welcome - as though you're a guest in their home. 

Pricing is not inexpensive, but is definitely appropriate and even a bit of a steal considering the quality of food, service, and atmosphere. 

Check it out, you won't regret it :)
We dine at DW Bistro regularly but tonight we had a very bad experience. The service tonight was exceptionally SLOW. We had to wait 10 minutes before someone took our order and 30 minutes after our salad was served.  We waited for an hour for our main entree to show up but it never did. We had to follow up twice from our server, please note that we did it very nicely, on where was our food and he even blamed the kitchen for the slow service and that it wasn't his fault. 

In the end, my bf was so pissed that the server didn't even have the decency to tell us that the kitchen is running behind, we just left and paid for the salad. 

We love the food at DW but if the service is like this, too bad, we are scratching you off our list.
As with most great places in Vegas, this little gem is hidden in a strip mall on the far west side of town.  Dont be fooled by the outside, and dont let the distance scare you if you're from Hendo.  I finally mustered up the effort to travel to that side of town. I'm kicking myself for not going sooner.  

This place is amazing.  It's small and it gets loud during brunch, but the food is incredible.  The staff is extremely pleasant and attentive, especially when it comes to refilling the mimosas.  The food was great and the menu has so many wonderful choices on it.  Portions are large and this is a perfect way to spend a long brunch on a sunday morning/afternoon.

Also, if DW wants to offer unlimited flautas and mimosas for $50, i'll take up residence at the bar.  The flautas are just. That. Good.

One tip for you: Don't bother looking at the menu before you go to try and figure out what you want. The daily specials will make you re-think your choice several times over.
Well, this will be a hard review for me to write. I love the food here. Up until Saturday, I've always enjoyed coming here. I'm giving this place ZERO stars because of the service... not the food. Here's what happened: Arrived at 7pm on Saturday and ordered a salad and two meals at 7:12pm. Everything went downhill from there. It took 40 minutes to get our salad and that was after we had asked our waiter about it. We got 1 serving of bread and our glasses refilled once with water. I watched 4 tables seated while we were waiting and order their food. Of the four, 3 got their dinners before we did, one of which sat next to us. Now to be fair, these people had been seated prior to us, but had ordered after we had. All in all, I watched 10 people who came in and ordered after we did get their meals. I mentioned something to the server and nothing was done. I stood up to leave at 8:23 and we still haven't received our dinners. The waiter kept blaming the cook, which pissed me off even more. In all honesty, it's managements fault for not being properly staffed and the wait staff for not informing customers of a delay. They should have recognized there was a problem and address it. Offer a free cocktail or something. I don't drink, but I'm sure other patrons would appreciate the offer. The thing was, nothing was done in the matter other than trying to put the blame solely on the chef.
My girlfriends and I (6-10 of us) meet every Sunday morning here for brunch. I LOVE THIS PLACE AND THE OWNER DALTON IS A ROCK STAR!  MY FAVORITE, FAVORITE, favorite brunch spot in Vegas. The food perfection, unlimited mimosas perfection, vibe perfection. What more could one ask for at 11 am on a Sunday after a Saturday night in Vegas?  Go for the eggs bene with the sausage....heaven!
We tried DW Bistro for lunch. A special was the pulled pork sandwich with carmelized onions and comes the choice of sweet potato fries or salad. The sandwich was bursting with flavor. Next time I will order the salad. Even though the fries were good the sandwich bun provides enough carbs. 
Since this was our first visit our server offered a complementry desert. Although we didn't think we had room for desert we chose the carrot cake. Our server suggested to box the cake  to go. However when the cake arrived it looked to good to take home and none was left in the box. 
The restaurant has a friendly ambiance, brightly lit, lively music and top notch service. Look forward to trying brunch.
I've only been here for lunch, but it's one of my favorite spots for a business lunch. The interior design is very well done, which is rare for a locals' spot. You expect that from a more expensive restaurant on the Strip, not somewhere in Spring Valley.

The food is delicious and the flavors are well developed. The menu is a mix of Jamaican and New Mexican cuisines, so there's something for everyone. My favorite item is the New Mexican-style slow-cooked pork bowl, simmered in New Mexican red chile with two over-easy eggs and served over rice. The portion is huge and I always have leftovers for dinner.

Prices are fair. You get a Strip like experience without the crazy prices of the Strip. It's not exactly cheap either, but considering the food, ambiance, and service, the prices are acceptable.
This place is so cool. It reminds me of my weekend foodie visits to LA with their vibe and decor. Travis was our server last night (super awesome btw) and helped me decide on their signature fried chicken dish. It was THE best fried chicken I'd ever eaten. It had a nice kick of spice, which I loved and wasn't expecting and so much flavor overall. They paired it with some mixed veggies and cornbread, which were the icing on the cake. I'm definitely coming back for their Sunday brunch.
Where do I start with DW Bistro?  First of all DW has been a long time bookmark for me.  I never had the opportunity until recently with a bunch of Yelp peeps. Read the reviews and one thing in common with everyones review is the wait. So, if you're a patient person, DW's is worth if for you.  I'm one of those impatient people, but had no issues hanging out with a bunch of Yelp buds while our table was being prepared. 

Ambiance...so cool.  I love the decor, specifically the art pieces by Pamela Nielsen. One thing about the decor here is that it keeps you calm.  No angry colors anywhere in this joint.  However, the prices to these pieces are pretty expensive even with the DW discount.  If I ever was to meet that sugar mama, the artwork from Pamela Nielsen would be on my list of gifts.  So right now, it's just on my wish list.  But I did get her card for one of those "I don't care about money" days. 

Price is about right for the type of food this place serves.  Food presentation is the key to places like this and DW's definitely got this part right.  All their dishes are well portioned, meaning huge, and the presentation of each dish is prepped so nicely that it made it even tougher to eat.  But for someone like me, this wasn't going to be a problem since food is my number one priority. For brunch, I ended up getting their Filet Mignon and Eggs.  By the way, this dish is not on their normal menu.  This dish comes with two 4 oz filets, 2 eggs, and some bread.  I killed this meal with the quickness so it would be tough for me to say I didn't like it. I love me some red meat and red meat for brunch made meal #3 for the day just perfect. 

Service here is great considering how busy this place gets. We had a party of 10+ and our server dealt with us as best as he can.  Busy is an understatement here.  Yes, you have to get here before they open and line up.  We were one of the lucky ones to be here before opening and I really feel sorry for the folks that waited over an hour just to be seated.  Actually, I don't feel bad. Their bad for coming in late. 

PS:  Vanessa N shout out.  DW Bistro is super super super good.

Filet Mignon and Eggs:   http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=0W-jiyxIbSz02IOaeaPnGg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

My only treat from their pastry basket:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=KYkm65GAGeA5Esh3aZ8evQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Very important for every meal:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=HL691i6bSmoft7U-i2hWzA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Artwork by Pamela Nielsen (cooler than the other side the pillow): 
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=vKEXDzm3KTazmz1B0A-4HQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=4rIE47Bzm_rgHMCGQfg0uA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=z1irvA2JCL1C0GFMWQZwXQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Had brunch this past Sunday at DW with some fellow Yelpers and it was a fabulous bistro; we've all been to "bistros" that make you feel like you're walking into a Panera but with waitstaff- this place was a legit bistro. 

We started over at the bar- of course. $20 bottomless mimosas, and several other cocktails that made it hard to choose; we had the Raspberry Fizz and the Mojito with muddled strawberries- both were delicious but they tasted very similar. 

Boyfriend had the special "steak and eggs"- 2 medallions of filet, eggs, potatoes, and sourdough toast. It was delicious but the toast was lacking that strong distinguishing sourdough taste that I crave. I had the Jerk Pork Hash which was a HUGE mound of delicious shredded pork on a small bed of potatoes.. It's still in my fridge, waiting for me to toast it up in a quesadilla- the bill for the 2 of us came out to around $80 but I felt that it was a good value since $24 went to the bar.

We had a really good time there; the service was adequate, the menu had lots of different choices, the bar staff was friendly and efficient, but most importantly the company was top notch. Bring a group of friends and family and you're sure to have a positive experience. They managed our large group of 15-20 well, only a few hiccups- GET THERE EARLY if you have a large party or else you'll be waiting forever.

The only reason this place doesn't get a 5-star review is because I can't see myself driving across town from NLV to dine here unless I was meeting with a group.
I've been here multiple times but have never taken the time to write a review on how amazing this place is! Great food, great service and great environment :) I've never ordered anything that didn't come out perfectly. I'm so glad that its close to my home and that there's so much passion in the restaurant.
I always use yelp as a source for restaurants around the valley but never write a review. This would be my first! Recently had dinner here with my husband and a few friends, overall a great experience. The service was excellent and so was the food. I had the Roasted Garlic Chicken Pasta for it was one of the few items on the menu that did not have the "jerk" seasoning. Everyone at our table was satisfied with their meal. For dessert I had a delicious peanut butter/chocolate mousse cake that was mouth watering. DW is definitly a great place to go to with friends for dinner next time i'll try lunch.
Awesome food.
Fantastic Service
Good Price
I ordered Chicken Curry Bowl. I am hungry when i entered but still I could not eat the entire thing. 
Quality of the Food is good.
I will sure suggest this restaurant to my friends.
I have been meaning to write an outstanding review for DW since the first time that I went in for brunch last month.  This place was recommended to me numerous times and I desperately wanted to try the 'jalapeno bacon'.  Different circumstances (like the fact that they are closed on Monday's) kept preventing me from trying that glorious bacon but when I finally did - it was love at first taste.  I then went with friends for dinner the other night and just have to rave about the outstanding service and delicious food that night as well.  So this is a 2-part review:

Brunch: I went to brunch with my Dad on a Saturday morning and because we are early risers, we were in the parking lot 10 minutes before they opened.  I had already been warned that the place fills up fast and I couldn't stand to miss another brunch opportunity without trying this place out.  We both got a bloody Mary, where previously mentioned glorious bacon was had and solidified my belief that dreams do come true (atleast when it comes to food).  

The options on the menu are solid with the Caribbean influence apparent in the various flavors that are mentioned.  I went with the "DW bowl of New Mexican-style slow-cooked pork" and asked to substitute spinach for the rice. (In order to make the dish Paleo-friendly). HOLY! I don't know if I have ever had a brunch dish in my life that is more delicious than that bowl that was placed before me.  Between that and the additional side of jalapeno bacon that I ordered, I was in Paleo-foodie heaven.  My enjoyment of the dish was so apparent that one of the owners stopped me on the way out to comment on my clear satisfaction with my choice.  We shared a giggle in which I reassured him that when it came to food, I had no shame.  That interaction sealed the deal that DW would be my new favorite place to dine in Vegas.

Dinner: Impromptu dinner plans with fellow Paleo-eaters on a Saturday night lead us back to DW Bistro.  I was once again nervous that we would be faced with a hellacious wait but was pleasantly greeted by the second owner at the host stand who reassured me it wouldn't be long at all.  Our server (I never caught his name unfortunately) was equally as pleasant and very patient with our various modifications as the night went on.  My friends ordered the 'Hummingbird Carafe' which was presented beautifully and apparently extremely tasty.  I stuck with water and am so grateful for how quickly my glass was refilled every single time it was empty. For an appetizer we shared the "DW Spanish chorizo with shrimp" which I believe was consumed in a record 5 minutes flat.  I then was SO tempted to get the previously mentioned slow-cooked pork again, which also appears on their dinner menu. I knew I needed to try something different though so I went with the "Pan seared salmon" sans rice and sub extra veggies.  I'm not going to lie - it wasn't as mouth-gasmic as the slow-cooked pork but it was yummy.  The best part was the various farmer's market veggies that the salmon was served over.  

I can't recommend DW Bistro enough.  The staff seems happy, the owners are present, helpful and friendly and the food has yet to disappoint.
Yum yum yum! I love their brunch here. I just went for the second time and it was awesome. They have $20 bottomless mimosas which I took full advantage of! They were awesome and our waiter was very attentive and filled my glass up many times-even when it was only half gone. For my entree I got the chicken and waffles because I had heard a lot about them and wanted to give them a try. They were amazing! The chicken was jerk style and had this spicy kick to it which mixed with the flavoring of the waffles really well. I would recommend this dish to anyone who want to try something new.

I love the ambiance of DW as well. It's a great place to go to brunch with a friend and sit and chat while eating and sipping mimosas. I would recommend getting their early because if you get there later on you will have a long wait to sit down because their brunch is popular. I would like to come back here to try their dinner selection to see if its as good as their brunch.
My wife and I have been coming here for two years now and have always had an amazing experience!  Try the mac and cheese!  The great selection of wine is great, too!  We also enjoy the friendly staff and atmosphere.  This is our favorite restaurant in town.  We have tried many, many restaurants in Las Vegas, but we keep coming back here!
Best place in Vegas for sure and one of the best in the world.  The carrot cake will take your breath away, love love love it.  Great staff, great food, and unbelivable desserts.  Miss it only at your own peril.
Everything was just spicy... no depth to any flavors and we tried a variety of dishes while there. Also, long wait and over priced.
I got the burger, and I have to admit, it was really good. They mix the onion in with the meat, to give it a meatloaf texture, and slight taste. I loved it. The only thing I don't like is the prices. A bit on the ritzy side.
Sunday brunch is not for the timid.  It was a fun 80's theme the day we were there, so staff was dressed up, but still very focused. 
Got there about 9:30 and seated by 10:00.  Had one of the best bloody Mary's I've had in a long time. It has a crispy slice of thick cut bacon and  a salad of accents all in a Mary with some serious kick.  All the food was more than generous portions and really tasty. ( I made 4 meals out of my Verde pork breakfast) Now the caveat..do not expect to have a conversation on Sunday morning once the crowd hits, the noise level was insane, but it's from all the diners, and the 100 plus people drinking and laughing waiting for a a table.  If you want delicious food in a hip spot and don't mind the noise.  You will be in heaven.  I've been told m-f is no where near as loud. That will be my next visit..  I'm a fuddy duddy so if it wasn't for the noise I would have dropped them a 5 star,
Amazing! Been here twice tried the Ahi tuna so good. Second time I tried the salmon and was perfect. I am very impressed and plan to eventually try the whole menu. Beautiful casual classy ambiance. Obsessed with this place! Can't wait to try the brunch. Macaroni is a must.
DW bistro is one of my favorite places in Vegas! food is consistent and atmosphere is so chill and amazing! You have to eat here!!
Been here twice so far.  Dinner was pricey and tje food was o-k.  Brunch is where this place excels.  The indian eggplant, roasted veggies, and goat cheese omelette is great.  Im usually not a goat cheese fan but this medley compliments each other nicely.  Also, gave the pastry basket a try.  Warm chocolate croissants and scones were a great ending to the meal.
This is it folks!! Went here on a whim and DW's instantly joins our rotation for eating out.  Went their for lunch and I had a the short rib sandwich and Mrs. Devo had the Jerk chicken sandwich. Both were amazing and the sweet potato fries were superb. The decor is also pleasant on the eyes and  the ice tea was delicious. We will be back.
How could I live on the Westside for so many years and NOT eat here!?
 I love this place.  Just had lunch for the first time today and the decor is so pretty and super inviting.  The weather was great so we took advantage of the outdoor seating which I appreciated was under a covered patio.  I had to bring my 2 year old along for the lunch and wasn't sure how "kid friendly" this place would be.  I was pleasantly surprised they actually had highchairs and a changing table in the restroom ( didn't use but glad to see they offered).  The thing that stood out to me beyond the awesome atmosphere and food, they have great service!   My server, who I was bad and didn't catch his name, he could see my son's patience was being tested so he asked if he could bring him something, I said sure!  He brought my son some flashcards.  Such a simple thing, but kept my son happy for another 15-20 minutes until our food came.  Small gesture but means a lot to a mom!  We had the ceasar salad which had some spice chipotle very good and the turkey burger with apple chutney and sweet potato fries.  All very delicious and both a large portion and $22 for both full meals.  Can't wait to go back with the hubby for weekend brunch
I have now tried DWB for brunch & lunch dates. 

For brunch:
Jamaican omelet- 
super delicious. made very well. 
Chocolate chip pancakes- 
I don't normally like CC pancakes, but these are so tasty and made with a fluffy yummy texture. 
Breakfast potatoes-
could be seasoned better but still delicious. 
In-house flavored iced tea...yummo!
I SHOULD have had: 
$20 bottomless mimosas! next time...

For lunch:
I had the vegetable curry. It was delicious and super veggie-fied. . . I would love to see more vegetarian/vegan options available on the menu. It was my choice to return here with my friend Helen after our hike and I felt like my options were severely limited and since I have an allergy to mushrooms sometimes I can't always have veggie burgers depending on their ingredients. 

As for the restaurant itself- GORGEOUS. Beautiful modern decor, colorful menu, full bar that makes your mouth water, patio seating outside, clean immaculate bathrooms, and fabulous staffers that are diligent in making a wonderful experience to the best of their abilities. 

** I would love to follow up with a review in the future via the website if I see more veggie options added and noted within the menu as such!
DW Bistro offers more than just your traditional breakfast!
This has got to be the best place for lunch and brunch! My husband and I took my mom here for Mother's Day today and the brunch was fantastic!! The bread basket is to die for! The owners are super nice and run a great business! They gave roses out to all the mothers as they left and even gave me one even though I'm not a mother. It was a awesome experience, and now dad wants to go back for Father's Day brunch!
Wow! I've been here a few times, and I've been missing out.
All the appetizers I've gotten have been great. The jerk baby back ribs were amazing! 
I've had the shortribs, the oxtail, the jerk fillet... all those entree's were great. How did I ever miss out on the fried chicken!?! The cornbread was out of this world. 
This is my favorite place to eat in town, sometimes there is a wait for dinner, and I've always had to wait for a table for brunch. But it's worth the 20 minute wait time. Great food, great drinks, and awesome service. 5 stars all the way.
Jalapeno Bacon Eggs Benedict?  WINNER!
Better get here right when it opens or you will be waiting awhile as their brunch here is amazing. I mean I can only really vouch for their Eggs Benedict, but the waiter was so awesome that he allowed me to get half classic, and half jalapeno bacon because I wanted to try both.  Both were amazing, and that bacon; man it haunts me!

I haven't tried but I hear they have bacon in their Bloody Mary too!  I believe this is a legit brunch spot and intend to come back and try more menu items!  Excited!
Loved this place! Came here on a Saturday for brunch. I got a Bloody Mary and my hubby got mimosas Both really good! For brunch I got the flautas which were very delicious and my hubby got the pork hash! Can't wait to go back !
This place was incredible! Where do I begin? Travis, our waiter, was perfect. He was informative, polite & gave great service without being overbearing.  The presentation of the food was so colorful and pretty. The prices were not high considering how much attention to detail this little gem has in store. The menu is full of variety and after taking Travis' suggestion to order the chlaquiles, my palate was HAPPY!  A perfect highlight off the strip after spending too much cash for average meals on the strip. Totally worth the drive... an amazing brunch!!!
The food is always great and the owners and staff provide exceptional service and make you feel very welcome. Also, the decor is very inviting and comfortable. I can't imagine any way it could get any better.
I thought this place was just okay. I had the fried chicken and it was not that special. I hear the brunch is good. I might give that a chance someday.
This place is out of this world delicious. I highly recommend the ribs for an appetizer; they are fall off the bone delish. They serve a basket of fresh made breads that are unique and very tasty. I ordered the jerk chicken salad, it could have used more flavor in my opinion, but it was a huge portion and everything was fresh. The crowd was a combination of younger fashionable people sitting at the bar, but families and people of all ages eating dinner there too. Great modern, clean atmosphere. A little on the spendy side but well worth it.
Loved this place! Came here on a Saturday for brunch. I got a Bloody Mary and my hubby got mimosas Both really good! For brunch I got the flautas which were very delicious and my hubby got the pork hash! Can't wait to go back !
This place can get very busy, especially on holidays and Sundays, but it is well worth the wait. We came here on Mother's Day and were told that there would be a pretty lengthy wait, but ended up with a table within 30 minutes thanks to Bryce at the front door. 

The atmosphere and decor are very chic, but comfortable. This place is exactly what we need more of in Vegas, which is why it is so popular.
[recommended]
Wasatch White Ale
Pesto Torte
Mac and Cheese With Truffle Oil
DW Homemade cornbread
Braised Oxtail
DW Fried Chicken
Pan Seared Salmon

[comments]
It's not just delicious, it's genius.  I've been here several times and tried something new each time despite the overwhelming urge to just repeat the order from the previous visit.  The dishes aren't cooked as much as they're crafted; everything is deliberate down to the garnishes.  Clean your plate without shame.
We were trying to find a place to have dinner and stumbled upon DW Bistro on Yelp. So many good reviews, we had to check it out. We arrived around 5 on a Saturday night and there were not many people around, I'm guessing the long waits people describe are during brunch. 
Anyway, we were seated in the back and met Luis, who was an amazing server. (I am really big on service.) 
We ordered 2 infused drinks from the bar which were awesome. Waters were kept full. Yummy bread basket came out. And best of all, our 3 year old's mac n cheese came early for her. The macaroni and cheese almost made me wish I had ordered it myself. SO good. 
I ordered the chicken curry with couscous and my husband ordered southwest pork with eggs. Both so flavorful and large portions. I am famous for putting tons of salt on most everything I eat but didn't need or want to add salt to anything to we had here, it was perfect as it came out. 
As if I wasn't already in love with this place enough, we then tried the carrot cake. Obsessed. 
I'm already excited to go back. Love this place!!! 
It is worth noting that while we were there  every single server was a ridiculously good looking male. I know that has nothing to do with anything...just throwing it out there. Lol
Delicious! I had the pork bowl which was delicious and had a generous portion, I took half of it home. Their homemade ice tea was also delicious, with a twist of Caribbean flavors. My friend had the pan seared salmon ( I try to refrain from ordering salmon when eating out because it's so easy to make at home ) but their salmon was delicious as well, a slight twist on the rice (saffron and lemon?) our waiter was also a highlight of the visit, extremely courteous and friendly! Will definitely be coming back for brunch
I have been here three times now and every single visit has been amazing! I heard about this place from a coworker and decided to give it a shot. It's very modern looking inside the restaurant and has a very fun vibe to it. The wait staff is very attentive and knowledgable. So looking at the menu, they have a very unique list of dishes. The first visit I ordered the New Mexican green chili cheese burger. Now when it comes to any type of chili, ESPECIALLY New Mexican chili I am super picky. All my family is from Albuquerque, and my grandfather actually grows his own red and green chili, so I know authentic New Mexican chili. DW Bistro did not disappoint and had the real deal. I was in heaven! Getting to eat good green chili is something I look forward everytime I go visit my family, and now I have a place to go to while I'm not over there. I ordered my burger rare because most places over cook their meat. DW on the other hand made it true rare, which not to their fault, was a little too rare lol. The burger was nothing short of amazing though. 
I've also tried their flautas, enchiladas (special of the day at the time), and the Jamacian chicken curry on couscous. 
Now let's talk drinks. I'm not a fan of bloody marys, but due to the fact that they add two strips of bacon and a whole pickle as garnishment, I might order it next time. I usually stick to the Jamacian mojito, and boy do they make it strong. They also have a wide assortment of beers from the Caribbean. 
I keep hearing about their brunch on Sundays, but going anytime is a good time. My only negative comment about this place is the ginger candy they give you with the bill. Yuck! Lol
The best food I've had in Vegas off the strip. The oxtail was great, just avoid the bones. Also, ask for all the extra Jamaican sauces on the side.
Love Dalton, Bryce, and fam! I wish I could spend more than 4 hours with you and your restaurant.Waittttt, I probably have! Xoxo!
I've been here once and it was an amazing experience. Not only did I have good company, the food was amazing. It's not cheap. 
They have vodka that sits/stirred/mixed/refrigerated with fruits that taste amazing!
So, you're basically drinking pure vodka and it doesn't even taste like it in the least! They were about $12 for one. 
So, dinner for two was about $70-80.
It is definitely worth the visit, but I need to try out their brunch menu and give it a shot.
Jamaican Latin fusion?! I never would have thought of it. The BF took me here last Saturday, and MAN OH MAN, was this place amazing! 
We ordered:
BF: New Mexico style Slow Cooked Pork
me: Shrimp Scampi over linguine
appetizer: Jamaican Baby Back Ribs 
They give you really big portions so we were happy to bring home lots of leftovers. All of the food was great, but I must admit, the BF's dish was the best! The slow cooked pork had a fried egg on top  and it was served over rice. I'm spoiled, so I got to eat my food AND some of his. By the end of dinner we both struggled because we were so full, but the food was so darn good we didn't want to stop eating!

The service was great. Our server recommended that we come back for the brunch, so that is definitely on our to do list. When we mentioned that it was our first time to the restaurant, he told us to wait because he had a little something for us. He brought us a slice of Jamaican Carrot Cake.

O.M.G. 

This is unlike any carrot cake you have ever had. It had macadamia nuts, pineapple and covered in white chocolate shavings. The frosting wasn't like the overly sweet cream cheese buttercream that you usually find on carrot cake. This was much lighter and really creamy. The carrot cake had something else that I couldn't put my finger on (it's been driving me crazy because I can't figure it out...Cloves? Cardamom?) Whatever it is, it is totally worth the drive to Las Vegas. I am so bummed that I can't find anything like this cake in So Cal. Guess I'll just have to make more trips to Vegas ;)
Whenever I am in Vegas next; hopefully sooner than later, I don't care if I have to pay a taxi from my hotel to take me here...I'M GOING! This place was fantastic. We made a reservation for brunch on a Saturday for six of us, although two people in our party were running late. Even though they were pretty crowded they cordially let us sit down and didn't make us wait until our whole party was there. About a minute after being seated we were greeted by one of the most cheerful waiters I have ever encountered--I forget his name but he has red hair--and offered us some drinks to start with while we wait for our friends. I have two words for you : JAMAICAN MOJITO. You may want to wait a bit before driving after this one but WOW. 

Our friends ended up taking a little longer than we expected but our server showed absolutely no frustration or rush for us to order. I'm usually a faithful eggs benedict bruncher, however I ended up going with the jerk chicken and waffles. Well, as soon as it arrived I knew I would not be leaving hungry...it was HUGE. But it ended up being great because the others at my table realized how delicious it was and had some bites! The syrup is sooo deliciously flavored and it's the perfect combo between sweet and savory. We were so mesmerized by our meals that even though we were stuffed we couldn't help but order desert! (Only one for the table though). Can't wait to come back, maybe even for dinner! Nice bright, sunny and welcoming atmosphere for brunch though.
I came here for dinner with a friend and I absolutely loved it. I don't have Caribbean cuisine often, well, hardly ever so it was a nice change and twist of flavors for me. I've come to find that "Jerk" anything is pretty much an awesome flavor. The interior design is adorable. The colors are bright and open. Although it's not a big space in the main dining area the orange splashed on the walls makes it appear more open. The furniture is cute and the hanging starry lamps and nook area with seating as well as cabinet fixtures - all cute, if you're someone that appreciates the environment you dine in. They also have an outdoor seating area which I noticed is very popular and has cute lighting as well. 

For drinks my friend and I each had an iced white pomegranate tea. Sooo good! It's super light and fresh. There are so many delicious sounding items on the menu so it was really hard for us to narrow down our choices. 

We ordered the calamari to share - perfectly cooked, it was tender and had the perfect amount of breading on it. We also shared the spanish chorizo and shrimp. The chorizo pieces were okay, a little chewy but still good flavor-wise. The shrimp pieces were fairly large for the dish and really good! 

For dinner we had the grilled jerk chicken with seasoned vegetables, rice, and a side of the Mac and cheese with truffle oil, bacon and mushrooms (this side is a huge portion!). All of our dishes were well-made and absolutely delicious. 

The best part of our dinner was the decadent house made carrot cake slice with white chocolate pieces. Free for all first timers that dine here. It was such a nice treat! 

We ended up talking with the owner of the restaurant a lot, Bryce. As he came by and checked up on us more often than any other owner of a restaurant I've ever met. He is so sweet and made sure we were comfortable the whole time and doing well with our dishes. We also chatted about a restaurant I frequent often in boulder city near my home, so I felt he knew his stuff. I'm really glad I took the time to drive out to this restaurant! Will definitely return soon, this time for their popular brunch specials!
I absolutely loved this place. True it's waaaaay off the beaten path (meaning far!) but TOTALLY worth the drive! I had the Ox Tails and was not disappointed. The atmosphere was totally trendy but the staff was extremely nice and the food was served very quickly.
I would definitely and do intend to go again, the next time I think I'm going to round up some of my family members and have a good time.
Stopped in here for my final meal on the way to the airport (maybe 10 minutes away), and it was fabulous! Both indoor and outdoor decor are updated, and you could tell who the regulars were as they were greeted by host and manager/owner (not sure which one?) with open arms. Although the clientele made me a little nervous with their designer purses, the prices are completely reasonable, especially for the food you get.

For lunch, I had the couscous salad with perfectly prepared ahi tuna. It was incredible. My mom had the jerk chicken salad which was also good. Throughout our meal, we were check on a good amount and waters were always refilled. We probably should have stated that we were in a hurry at the beginning because they are willing to let you take your time. However, once we voiced this, they were attentive to our needs. Only downside is that I couldn't take leftovers! It was a big salad and could have easily been split into 2 meals.
Conveniently located extremely close  to the salon I work at. 
The management is so lovely and attentive.
And the food is on the same level as the amazing customer service. 
We recommend all our guests to try out DW as we know they will not be let down!
Hidden little Summerlin gem - one of our faves! The staff is so friendly & accommodating. Bryce (one of the owners) is always walking around to check on the guests. The food is amazing - don't miss the calamari if you like spicy or any of the bowls. The salmon is fantastic too. DW is the best restaurant in Summerlin, if not all of Vegas.
Trendy, upbeat but loud interior. Not the place if you wish to have dinner conversation. Owner and staff really friendly and helpful and menu interesting and diverse. The portions are large but when they say spicy, they mean spicy so watch out. Definitely order an extra side of their rice and beans. The jerk chicken was a bit dry but my companions surf and turf was excellent.
I like this place, it's so convenient because its so close to my house, the problem is that lately it gets so crowded you have to wait hours to get seated,and they don't take reservations, I like the pastry basket and the cheese , I ate the chilaquiles and they were really good not that spicy, my husband ordered chicken and waffles and they were not bad but not good either.

I like that they have a small patio and decor is my  favorite, definitely coming back , if I can get a table of course!
Ate there today for the first time. It was awesome. If I'm going to have brunch out, I want something unique and yummy, with healthy options and a twist of class (quality too) - that is what we had at DW Bistro. Service was great too. Loved the pastries and the pomegranate iced tea. I had the special eggs Benedict, with the jalapeno bacon and chili's. Two others in my party had the oatmeal. I was surprised to see how good that is also. I tasted my friend's and it was unusually good.  We will go back, that's for sure.
So when my friend wanted to go to this Bistro .. I thought ok, bec I have heard some really good things about it.  We arrive and its hot inside and its very busy.  We get a waiter that has the worst "TUDE" ever.. Marco was his name..
 If you get him, you might as well go home right there bec you are about to throw money out the window !!!
We order Bottomless Mimosa's which seemed to be very popular in the rest.  They were $20.00 a person and we figured this would be fun and pretty cost effective... LOL  Boy were we wrong.  They were super hot, prob bec they were serving so many... and it worked out pretty damn good for them bec the Champagne they used was CHEAP ! With a capital C baby !!!  
We finished one and we sat looking around for our slackass waiter Marco... UGH ! We finally got a refill and we ordered...  the Chicken Flautas for appetizer , they were ok, nothing special and a little spicy . Once we got those, I decided not to break bad with $20 for an entree bec I could see that we were going downhill at a fast pace.  My girl ordered Chicken and waffles... The plate came and the chicken was so overcooked.. It was damn near black ! It was dry and not great, we will say.  
By this time, we are waiting for another Mimosa.. Waiting, Waiting and Waiting.  We get another hot glass of cheap champagne.. exciting !! By this time, the place is clearing out ! I see a cute lil black gay come in and then I realize that he is walking around the rest. in pedicure shoes, yes that is right yellow pedicure shoes with painted black toenails.  CLASSY !! He starts seating people in these ridiculous paper shoes lol.
So we ask Marco for another drink bec this is about how we have to manage his ass.. What a joke.  He says " we arent serving those anymore"    WTF????  What did he just say ??  Yes we arent serving those anymore... EXCUSE ME ??? Im sorry but bottomless is bottomless, you serve them until we get our asses out of our seats and leave... It was the icing on the cake for me !!! I wouldnt go back to this place EVER !!!! I am surprised to see they are still in business !! THEY SUCK !!!!!
We love this place! We eat here several times a week and we've loved everything we've tried! Whatever you do try a cocktail, you will not be disappointed!
This place is so wonderful! The food is delicious, the atmosphere is very relaxing, and the service is top notch. You can expect great food, laughs, and delicious cocktails as well. The management is the best! Very friendly. I Would recommend this place to anyone who wants to see what a great restaurant experience is all about! If you are visiting, or just looking for a local hangout. This is the place you want to be. :)
Order without fear. Everything is wonderful!
Food and service is amazing here!! My friend and I had Travis as our server and he is the best!! He kept checking in on us and made sure we were doing good. The ambiance is very relaxing especially in the late afternoon for an early dinner. I had the jerk chicken scampi and my friend had the braised short ribs. The carrot cake was amazing too!
This place has been on my food bucket list for quite sometime now.  I finally had to opportunity to try it and I'm so glad I did!  The restaurant has a wonderful ambiance and the decor was nice and welcoming.  Our server was Travis.  He was awesome and was very attentive to our table.

For dinner, I had the braised short rib.  It was sooo good that I couldn't put my fork down!  It was served on a bed of their daily mash which went so well with it.  My friend and I decided to split the carrot cake.  It was perfect.  Not too sweet but full of flavor.

I can't wait to try this place for their brunch!
Tried this place out because of all the awesome reviews and my friend kept telling me to go! I'm sure glad I did because DW is awesome. 

Upon walking into the restaurant my friend (Sheila A.) and I were a little bit confused because you immediately see a couch and a wooden cabinet, I honestly felt like we walked into a furniture store. Caught me a little off guard but then we saw the host and on the other side of the wall of the entrance was the bar. I notice the interior is modern (bright orange walls) with a few accent pieces wooden distressed furniture. We were seated and introduced to our server Luis. Calamari was our appetizer of choice and a few minutes later here is comes. I liked the taste of the breading and it was different, but Sheila did not expect what we were served. Luis asked us how it was going so far and as much as we hate sending things back to the kitchen, we sent it back and opted for flauntas instead. Luis was very accommodating and did not make this an issue at all. We were served the flautas, OMG they were amazing. I like to think of these as taquitos, but made with chicken. The tortilla that was used was delicious, I don't know if they make their own, but they taste just like Cafe Rio's tortillas and everyone knows Cafe Rio has amazing tortillas. Onto the entrees, I ordered the bow tie pasta with chicken, which this was really good too. The veggies were really fresh, I even love the fact the string beans were perfectly cooked because they still had the snap to them (I could tell they used the shocking method to cook them). Sheila ordered the slow cooked pork with egg. This dish had a little bit of heat to it and the dish itself was hot (temperature wise). Pretty good too, I could tell there were a number of spices in this dish. I think Sheila was sweating a bit from eating this dish, haha! Finally we were served a complimentary piece of the carrot cake, probably the best carrot cake I've ever had! The cake didn't have the typical cake texture, but was a bit more rough (in a good way). Possibly due to the amount of carrot they put in it. I also love the white chocolate shavings they trim the sides with. The best part is Luis said it was on the house since it was our first time at DW. 

This restaurant is truly something special. We need more spots like this around town because this restaurant has personality and serves great tasting food. Although the price point is a little higher, it is worth it. I will add that this restaurant is a wonderful option for a special occasion dinner or an intimate date. Finally, Luis was an awesome server, more people who work in customer service should be trained like him because he went above and beyond to make our experience at DW enjoyable. I will recommend DW to anyone and everyone. Yumm.
What can I say - I would eat here every single day if my body could afford it. I come here with my girl every Tuesday, and not once have we been disappointed. We always get the New Mexico green chile cheeseburger.. With sweet potato fries.. My mouth is salivating as I type this! Their iced tea is to die for, as are the Bloody Marys. I recently came here with my boyfriend and he got the filet, which he was impressed with, and he is fussy when it comes to food. 

Servers are amazing, always attentive and super sweet. 

Ill be back next week. Hopefully sooner.

Oh! Get the carrot cake. Just get it. You'll thank me later I promise you.
First time here Wednesday night. Went with a friend for dinner and drinks.

She knew what she wanted before we even sat down and with our server, Justin's, help, I picked out my entree. Both were AMAZING. She had the salmon with couscous and I had the oxtail with mashed potatoes. Everything was cooked perfectly and the presentation was beautiful. It came out in a timely manner and piping hot. 

We also had a couple cocktails that were really good. She had some sort of raspberry martini and I had their thyme lemonade with berry vodka. My drink was suggested by a guy who worked there named Nick. He was really nice and stopped by our table a few times to check on us and chat a little. 

The only disappointing thing was our dessert. I'm a HUGE Red Velvet Cake fan and this one fell WAY short. The cake lacked flavor at all and the sauce on the plate was really overwhelming. We are going to try the carrot cake next time for sure!

Over all:
great atmosphere
amazing food
wonderful staff and service

Couldn't ask for better. (Minus the red velvet cake. Haha.) 

I'll definitely be back to try their brunch!
So you drive into the parking lot of a random strip mall and see a restaurant with "Bistro" in the name. Based on my personal experience, that normally would mean that the restaurant would need to be avoided.

But that generalization certainly does not apply to this place. 

This establishment is one of those rare gems where you can achieve three- to four-star restaurant quality flavors at a one- to two-star price.

We came with a large party of 9 for lunch, and everyone was satisfied with their choices. My personal favorites were the couscous salad, which featured perfectly seared and seasoned ahi tuna as well as a perfect level of acidity in the couscous, and the Jamaican curry chicken, which had the right amount of spice countered with a seemingly endless variety of greens. Certainly, fresh ingredients are clearly the focus at DW's.

Not many folks would expect such quality for entree prices identical to those at Applebee's.

Drinks are also tasty and generous in terms of their alcohol/cost ratios.

The atmosphere is hip but very informal and relaxed. Servers are cordial, attentive, and have a keen sense of humor.

If you are visiting Las Vegas and have a car, do not hesitate to drop by this restaurant if you need a break from that casino prime rib or buffet special.
Finally got to try the much touted DW Bistro today for brunch!  Loved the decor and atmosphere (it was loud in main portion of restaurant but we were seated in the other area which was great!).

The service was top-notch- all of the servers were attentive and personable.  We started off with drinks-3 of us had the pomegranate iced tea- ( Re-Fresh-ing! )-my husband asked for a Guinness beer.  Server earned brownie points for asking whether my husband would prefer a chilled or room temperature glass.   

Two of us ordered the Grilled chicken sandwich with jalapeno bacon, lettuce, tomato & chipotle mayo accompanied by the DW salad or sweet potato fries (I chose the fries).  It was a perfect sandwich!  The fries were delicious and I am usually not a fan of SP fries.  My husband ordered the Chilaquiles  (white corn tortilla with chicken, Chilaquiles sauce, cheddar cheese, two eggs,  pico de gallo, lime infused sour cream, avocado tomatillo sauce and queso fresco).  He loved it but did say he would have declared it perfect if it had chunks of avocado instead of the sauce.  Our fourth person had the Caesar salad with chicken (whole romaine served with crostini, shaved parmesan, and DW signature Caesar 
dressing)- the server asked if our friend would like the romaine chopped beforehand- nice touch.  All of the food was plated beautifully (and had I not seen the over 500 pics already on Yelp I would have taken pics myself but my resolution for the year was to quit annoying my friends by insisting on photographing their food!)

We finished the meal with the  famous Carrot Cake.  It was beautifully presented and as good as every previous Yelper has claimed it to be.  I saw several other items I wanted to try so we will be back!!!  

I have to say that the food and concept seems similar to Honey Salt but if I had to choose, I would pick DW Bistro!
Talk about trying little of everything. GOD BLESS fellow yelpers in life! It was Suzy H birthday so rounded up few yelpers too go out and celebrate. Most of us was the first time or least for me it was so went in with open mind open palate! Did I need both for my first visit. Thankfully with other yelpers all on the same page got too try little of everything. The apps ohh my gosh between all of us just about order the whole menu and the kitchen sink. Talk about some amazing apps from the jerk oven roasted baby back ribs, jerked fried calamari, pesto torte, and couscous salad with seared ahi. The SIZE is no JOKE at DW Bistro! It not just about the size but the quality of the food without doubt stood out for me. The baby back ribs could have order whole slab be totally in rib heaven. The meat just fell off the bone, moist, and flavor had nice jerk hint citrus flavor then later get the spice kick in. Jerk calamari might look different (hell of dark) but that from the jerk seasoning tasted awesome. Pesto torte fan of the creamy goat cheese with the seasonings in it! It not so thick goat cheese but creamy enough that places perfect spread on flatbread crackers (out of the two the lavosh is the only way too go)! Talk about lot of cheese it felt like effiel tower of cheese! Couscous salad like fact that it was cooked al dente, nice mix of vegetables and seasoning in it, and the seared ahi on top was nice compliment too the dish. Every single plate looked cool. Nice clean plate, not overdone with the decorations, great portion, and let the food stand out by itself.

My entree ordered the jamaican curry chicken bowl. Talk about monster bowl. It was enough too feed two. Plus after all the apps had it was more then daunting too think about eating the whole bowl. The curry sauce itself was da bomb. It had nice curry seasoning throughout the whole dish. LOVE love the fact that it had so many different vegetables. All nice size cut vegetables that after sauteing everything can still distinguish each vegetable eating in the bowl. The chicken was cooked perfect nice moist decent portion in it. Break it down more vegetables then chicken. Am all good with that ratio. If your in the mood of chicken bowl or bowl DW is the way too go.

CORNBREAD........It deserve whole paragraph by itself!!! Not many places in Vegas been that has good true cornbread. DW heads and toes has the best cornbread. The crust is divine, hot and moist inside, again talk about monster portion, and the honey butter that the key. Sooooo Good! 

The service was fabulous! Our waiter was on top of it all night. I had too leave early for hockey game. He was more then happy too ring up just my check. Rest of the yelp gang stayed for desserts. The decor is very modern with one artists work through out the restaurant. Someplace so close too my house never realize why it taking me this long too find it. Happy able too find DW on top of fact helping celebrating Suzy H birthday icing on the cake!!! Sure plan on coming back again.
Went during brunch with my boyfriend & another friend. I ordered a New-Mexican Style Slow-Cooked Pork w/ Over-Easy Eggs, Tortillas & Rice. It was a generous portion but I don't know if it was the hot weather or not, I couldnt finish it! It was way too spicy for my taste buds & I like spicy. I had a Mimosa as well to quench my thirst. Didn't do the bottomless though. 

My boyfriend ordered the Jerk Chicken & Waffles, which he enjoyed for the most part. The waffles werent anything special and actually dry but paired with the chicken is delicious.

My friend ordered the BLT, which I didnt try but she says it's probably one of the best BLT's she's had in a while.

I give it a 3 because I wish there was more menu items to select from. One of the Yelpers here mentioned how the flavors of all their food is a little "monotone" or something like that, which I completely understand now that I've tried the place. I think every dish you could order could possibly taste the same? If that makes sense. 

The prices were so-so & the atmosphere was alright, couple flies here and there because the outdoor patio was connected to the inside dining area, The service was friendly though & the ambiance was welcoming. I guess I'd have to try this place a second time, perhaps for dinner & I'll have better ratings for it.
Definitely a must go to restaurant. It has a nice chic look to it. Food is amazing and the prices are unbeatable. It's a little far out from the strip but worth the drive. My new favorite spot to eat at in Vegas. Looks like this place is here to stay :)
My sister flew in from St. Louis just in time for lunch.  We arrived at DW Bistro around 1.30 pm and the restaurant was full.  Luckily, a table for two opened up.  The decor is light, airy and modern. 
We started with a refreshing carafe of St Germaine elderflower, sparkling wine and club soda.  Perfection!  We each had the DW signature salad.  The combination of the greens, candied nuts and goat cheese form a perfect union topped off with a delicious vinaigrette.  Upon recommendation from our awesome server, we split the jerk chicken sandwich.  They had me at jalapeno bacon - YUM!  Full from our delicious meal, we took a slice of their carrot cake to go.  OMG - the best!  The cake was light and super moist with bits of ginger.  The cream cheese icing was covered in beautiful white chocolate shavings.  
So happy that our sisters' week in Vegas began at DW Bistro!
p.s. the Jamaican ginger candy that came with the bill is AWESOME
The Sunday brunch is reason enough to head to DW. Just be prepared for the long wait times. The food is excellent and you can't beat $20 all you can drink Mimosas!
Came here after putt putt and was really hot. Was greeted by this very cute guy who kept my water glass filled while I waited for a table. Very good service from him, loved it!

Finally got a table and sat down. I love the menu, the food all sounds so good, but finally settled on the DW Nicoise salad. My date had the Jamaican curry chicken.

I loved my salad, the dressing was divine! I really liked the tuna, but the server never asked me how I wanted it cooked so it came out rare, which I never eat. It was okay, but I would have MUCH preferred medium rare. I dislike hesitating before every bite because I don't care for the rare taste. It wasn't bad, but I could have enjoyed it more had it been cooked a tiny bit longer. The fingerling potatoes were really, really small too. That's too bad, because I really love those. The salad was great, but it really needed those two things to be an excellent salad (bigger potatoes, tuna cooked longer). 

My date had the curry chicken bowl and it also had a choice of couscous or rice and he didn't get offered that either, they just brought it out with rice. He would have liked it better with the couscous. As it was he barely touched it. 

The service is great as far as refills, etc. But they fall a little short on the actual customer service and what they really want. I don't like to have people assume about what I'll eat. 

Oh well, it's a great place, I really like it and would highly recommend. Just read the menu and know your choices!
I love this place! It has an amazing vibe with a wonderful staff and delicious food! What more could you ask for? The owner came to our table to meet us and was such a sweet person. He made us feel very appreciated, served us personally, and gave us a complimentary cake for desert. I've only tried brunch here so far but it is wonderful, from the presentation to the taste. I can't wait to try dinner! It gets pretty packed in here so you might have to wait for a table but its worth it. I'm so happy this place gets so much business! It's great!!
Love this place! I heard great things about DW and finally had a chance to experience it for myself. Luis was such a great server and made everything on the menu sound so good I wanted to order one of each. I'm glad I didn't because the portions were well worth the money. I ordered the Jamaican curry chicken and the first bite was good but then I noticed that every bite I took, the flavor got better and better. Accompanying it with a pomegranate iced tea that although a little sweet for my taste, it didn't detour me from asking for a refill. Luis surprised us with an amazing carrot cake covered in shaved white chocolate and said it was the only way to experience the entirety of this fabulous new gem. I will definitely be going back for more. Can't wait to try their brunch items.
I went here for dinner over a year ago and it was very good, but have not been back since (due to proximity) , yet keep hearing about their brunch.  Made the 20 minute drive this morning.... and it totally lived up to the reputation.  Service was FIRST CLASS from host to server, and the unique dish I had blew me away.  I was highly impressed at the attention to detail from their efficient text message waiting system, color scheme, music, training of the server, presentation of food/mimosa, but especially the uniqueness of the menu.  I am a very avid cook, and not easily awed with many dishes... I was taken by surprise with an "omelette" that had so many flavors I couldn't believe it.  Only knock I have on the place is we sat by the bar and it was so busy people were standing right on top of me and bumping into me while eating.  If you go you won't be disappointed, just ask for table away from bar.
This was my first time visiting this bistro and it was very good. The service was on point, my water glass was never empty! That's one of my biggest pet peeves because I drink a ton of water! 
On to the food, everything looked so good however my whole table ended up ordering the special halibut and it was almost worth the 35$ a plate price tag. Being from California I'm used to the sea food being less expensive so that was my only qualm. It was do good I could eat it every day! I personally didn't care for the calamari appetizer, the flavor was ok but the squid was a little chewy for my taste. 
I have to say this is a great little bistro with an excellent staff and great menu. I must note that I called about bringing a small cake in and they wanted to charge me $2 dollars a slice to cut it! I thought that was absurd when restaurants on the strip only charge .50 cents a slice. Either way, I will be back once my bank account recovers!
Amazing! We had a private brunch event. Food was amazing. Staff was polite and professional. The owners are beyond friendly and helpful. This place is great.
I have been looking forward to dinner at this place as it was recommended by two of my friends. We came in as a group at 6 PM on a Thursday evening without reservations but were seated immediately. The space is on the small side but was tastefuly decorated with a warm and contemporary flair. Our server was extremely attentive and informative with regards to the daily specials and hot sauces. 

We ordered the calamari with Jamaican spice as a shared appetizer, and this was my favorite dish of the night. The dish had a mix of sweet and savory, and it was full of flavor. Several folks in our group (including myself) ordered the New Mexico slow-roasted pork over rice for their entree and were surprised by how spicy it was. It had a good amount of heat and came in huge portions. I would definitely come back to this place and order the calamari again, but I'll probably pass on the pork. While I wouldn't say that the pork dish was bad, I was finding it less enjoyable of an experience to finish my meal because it was just too much food!  They have several other dishes that look more promising. Overall, the service is awesome and the food is pretty tasty!
I'm reviewing this restaurant all the way from San Francisco because- its just that good. I moved from Vegas four months ago and have missed DW every single Sunday brunch since. 
The service is insane good. The owners are super involved and recognize return patrons- so refreshing! The food- even better if its possible- chicken and waffles are THE BEST I've ever had. Bottomless mimosas, and spicy bloody Mary's are cherries on top. 
I travel a lot. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the country.
Great place hidden in strip mall. 
Food is delicious, service is great and ambience is young and trendy. 
If you are looking for Sunday (or Saturday) brunch, this is the place to go. 
Bottomless mimosas: Check!
And you have to get the chilaquiles if they did not run out!
Have you ever flown first class? or have gone to a spa and got pampered? Well, at DW Bristro you will get a combined experience of being pampered by fulfilling your taste buds and the service of first class. The place is inspired by the taste of Jamaica, Hawaiian fusion and Latin food. Love this place. A must go for great service, cool atmosphere, and super delicious food. The owner of this place DW is genius.
You can read others positive reviews I'm want to list the opportunities. After spending 15 years managing restaurants I can spot the opportunities within two minutes of being there. Only in exceptional great restaurants does this change -why? Because the staff is well trained and cares about the success of the restaurant vs a staff just going thru the motions until their shift is over. 

Arrived for Dinner at 5:30pm
Opportunities: 
-Server had too many tables and his service was lacking. Too long to greet us. We were first timers and nothing was explained about what was on the menu. Bussers had to be told by a manager  to bring his 3 tables bread. This should of been a clue to the owner that he was in trouble and needed help. The server seemed to be MIA a lot. One of my biggest pet peeves - the server failed to meet the 2/2 rule. Always, always ask your table within 2 bites or 2 minutes of receiving their food if everything is ok. 
Food 4/5 - Dover sole was overcooked. 
Atmosphere 4/5 - No music playing
Service 3/5
Great atmosphere when we dined inside.  The staff was so pleasant and we met the owner.  The Jerk Chicken Salad was amazing. Great place if you want spicy food and there were the only place nearby open until 11pm.
I would have liked to review DW Bistro but after a 30 min drive we were disappointed to see it was closed.  The YELP page said it was open, not the case!

Update your ecommerce world
Simply the best breakfast / brunch place in Vegas.  Well of the beaten path, this gem is a fusion of utterly fantastic & friendly service and deliciously unique food.  Personally, I'm a massive fan of the Sunday brunch w/ $20 bottomless mimosas.  Be prepared to lose your entire day because you will never reach the bottom of your glass.  I simply cannot say enough great things about this place....
I own the Laser Hair Removal Salon in the plaza (ivy laser salon) and I have the pleasure of eating here everyday. I joke with the staff that they have drugs in the food because I'm addicted. The owner Dalton, the manager Rudy and the main bartender, Eric are all amazing!

Now to the food:
My favorite appetizer is the signature salad with goat cheese (a lot of it!) and caramelized pecans (so delish!!!)
My fav entre is either the braised short ribs with the mash or the turkey burger with the mango chutney. They're both so well-seasoned. My mouth is watering just typing this. 
My fave dessert is hands-down the carrot cake. In fact, I ordered a whole cake for my grand opening and all my guests were hooked!
My fav drink is the pomegranate iced tea (I dont drink alchy but they have an amazing bar menu too!)

overall its an amazing restaurant with an amazing vibe and an even amazing menu! 

Being originally from LA, I'm very well-versed in these types of spots.

I highly recommend it for any time of the day.. including an amazing weekend brunch... but get there early, the line becomes super long!
I loooooveee DW! :) 

I've been here for lunch a couple of times, and oh boy it never disappoints. GREAT food & drinks. Servers & owner are very friendly. 

My ever favorite lunch item is the chicken curry with rice. but also I've ventured in getting bowl of the day couple of times, & those are awesome as well.

Everything I had, from appetizers, salads, or bowls are good. They also have these great sauces (or hot sauce...) that isn't your typical tabasco, that goes well with everything! So make sure to ask for it. Although their food doesn't need it I think it adds other dimension to the flavor.

I am still yet to try their brunch which I've heard is bomb but is always busy. 

DW is definitely one of my favorites!
Had brunch with a friend Sunday (her first time) and as always, you can never go wrong with the pastry basket.  My personal favorite is the goat cheese and guava turnover fresh out of the oven!  We had the breakfast sandwich and vegetable omelet with pomegranate iced tea which were all wonderful.  The place was packed and we just wish we saved room for their infamous carrot cake!  Next time!
Excellent food, 

I eat here at least 4 times a week.. have yet to try something on the menu that i havn't liked.. the Jamaican jerk infusion on some of the choices is amazing.  Their cobb salad is off the hook.  Turkey burger is amazing too.  

Place gets packed sunday.. people are waiting outside to get in.  So come early
Great service!
Great decor!
Great food!
Great time! 

Went with a bunch of my girlfriends for a birthday dinner, and we all had a great time! The wait staff was very friendly and fast! I had the short ribs and liked it but felt it needed a little more flavor something was missing either salt or a seasoning it just needed one more thing, but I would def recommend it and get it again (prob just add salt myself) the daily mash that came with is was DELICIOUS and the vegetables that came with it, eehhh I could of done without. Other menu items ordered was the salmon (which I had a taste and LOVED! I thought it was perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and perfectly moist on the inside) and fried chicken (my friends didn't like it). All in all we had a blast and I will def be back . OHHHHH I can't BELIEVE I almost forgot to mention the Jerk Calamari TO DIE FOR! I would eat this everyday! Even non calamari and non seafood eaters at our table LOVED IT!
I really wanted to love this place. By all the reviews that I read and the pictures of the decor and food it seemed like something I could see myself wanted to go to often. 

We went on a sunday for the brunch because well who doesn't love bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's? We got there about 15 mins before they opened and there was already about 15-20 people ahead of us. We were immediately seated and ordered out bottomless goodness but I guess they forgot? Because we had to ask 3 different times for our drinks. I got the hash which wasn't really a hash and it was so spicy I could barely even eat it because my bloody marry was also very spicy. The husband got the DW bowl of slow pulled pork over rice, he really didn't like it he said it was all "mushy" he wished that there were different textures. 

Now, I did try his....BUT because the bloody marry, hash, and DW bowl were all so SPICY it all tasted the same. =[ 

Next time I plan on trying the french toast because the lady next to me got it and I couldn't stop staring at it. OH yeah and also I want to try the bread basket it looks legit!! I MUST give this place another chance it's so cute inside and I loved that the owner was walking around to all the tables refilling mimosa's (which I would get instead of bloody marry).
Is this a 5 star restaurant? NO. But for what it is - a casual elegant neighborhood restaurant - I definitely give it 5 stars. The menu is creative and original and every item I've tried has been excellent. The staff is friendly, professional, eager and helpful. My water and soda glasses never got below half full (it's a desert here so that's a biggie). A very good dining experience and quite reasonable prices.
On our trip to Vegas, I found amazing reviews for this spot. We didn't want to do the usual buffets and this was perfect. We showed up about an hour and a half before they were closing on Sunday, quoted us 40 minute wait, but we were seated in 10 minutes. I ordered the spiked lemonade and fried jerk chicken with waffles. My boyfriend has the Jamaican mohito and the pulled pork bowl. We shared the highly  recommended carrot cake. Everything was extremely satisfactory and we mat go back before our short trip is over.
We were recomended to D W by a friend and have been back a half dozen times this year. We have tried almost 1/2 the menue and everything we have had has been excellant. I would recomend  this restruant to anyone and feel sure you will find great food and service.
Chris S
If you live on the other side of town, DW is well worth the 25-30 minute drive you will take to get there. The food and service is great!
I haven't been disappointed by a dish yet. Looking forward to trying another dish on my next visit.
It was my first time :) yes!!! Carrot cake was really awesome!!!  We got complementary red velvet cake as well - good not as good as carrot cake :)  We ordered house salad, mac & cheese, short rib and seasonal veggies - everything was great. Not only presentation but also food itself. I am not a kind of person who chat with servers much  but our server was very friendly and continuously checking our tables. Awesome  meal and very friendly people! What else do I need more :)
This is far from where I live but I come to this part of town every once in a while since there are some good eats here. I must say I was pretty disappointed with this place. Not worth the drive for me.

There was a 35-40 minute wait at 1pm and they don't take reservations. What? This place must be good...no! We got seated at the patio and it was a beautiful day to be outside.

Since I was warned about the jerk chicken and waffles by other Yelpers, I thought about getting the tomato and goat cheese omelet but that seemed boring and I could get that somewhere else. So, I told our server I wanted to try the New Mexico-style slow cooked pork omelet but he stopped me from getting it when I told him I don't like spicy food. I ended up getting the DW Nicoise and somebody else got the New Mexico pork omelet. Both dishes came with a side of fruit.

DW Nicoise:
Pan-seared fresh tuna, greens, mangoes, Haricot vert, olives, fingerling potatoes, hard-boiled egg with mango and Dijon champagne vinaigrette. The tuna was great and so was the dressing. But I've had this salad elsewhere and it was better. This was just ok. 3/5

New Mexico-Style Slow Cooked Pork Omelet: 
Pork in NM chile and jack cheese with rice and egg on top. A bit spicy but tolerable. The pork was tender. I'm glad I didn't get this. Not my favorite taste. I appreciate our server's warning. 2/5

I don't think I'll come back. The menu either has items that are too safe and items that are exciting but not good. The service was good.
Yummy drinks for brunch and delicious pastry basket. The eggs Benedict has a nice twist and the potatoes are very tasty. I can't wait to go again for a special occasion.
Great place. Outstanding service. Our server knew everything about everything on the menu and made sure to make our girls night out awesome. I had the oxtail and it was fairly delicious, but I expected much more flavor. My mind wasn't blown as I expected to be by previous reviews. The specialty cocktail was yummy, but again, I wasn't wowed. The carrot cake was good and worth the indulgence! 

3 stars for me. Maybe my expectations were too high? Dunno. I've had more amazing food elsewhere in Vegas. I do however recommend this place as their menu is original, inventive, and different. Thumbs up!
What can I say that hasn't been said before? This place just get's it! The food is obviously great, but it's the experience that I thrive on. I love the way that Dalton (DW) controls the dining room and sets the tempo. He walks through the restaurant like he's entertaining a dinner party at his home. The ability of table touching and making every guest feel like they are a part of a party is an art unto itself. The servers all know their s--t. As a fellow business owner, that is so indicative of a well oiled machine. And I see the same staff over and over which usually signifies great management. DW Bistro is doing Las Vegas proud by demonstrating how far the restaurant scene has come in suburban LV. Kudos!
Just ate here with my girlfriend for a fun date, and wow such a cool little place. Awesome atmosphere, friendly employees, and great food. 

First came out  different types of bread with chile-lime butter, so good and unique. 

She got the chicken flautas, which I had never had before, and it was good. I got the grilled chicken, garlic....served on Bowie pasta, which we both thought was amazing. Last we got the carrot cake. It was amazing and super rich. 

We left completely satisfied, the food was roughly 15$ a plate, the total for 2 people. (1 entree, 2 appetizers, desert, and two sodas) was $51. Great place definitely going again.
This review is only for their Sunday brunch. I'll have to add a review for lunch and dinner after a few more trips. 

Ok, let me start by saying UNLIMITED MIMOSAS! You can't go wrong with that. You can opt for just champagne, but I don't like looking like an alcoholic at 10 am on a Sunday. But who I am kidding when I drink 8 or 9 regular mimosas? 

The food during brunch is excellent!! Always ask your server for their specials, which is what I end up ordering. One of the specials I ordered was the special eggs benedict, which consisited of a potato cake instead of a muffin and topped with their green chilis. SO FREAKING GOOD! My only complaint is that it just didn't seem like enough food for $16. Maybe give me a bigger side of potatoes or add another benny. Who knows, maybe I'm just being a fatty, but the others at my table who ordered the benny seemed to have the same consensus. Their BLT is also amazing. Thick cut peppery bacon served on Texas toast and served with sweet potato fries. Next time I think I'm going to have to try the vegetable curry. I had a small bite of it and it was excellent. 

Service here is spot on. Our server MARCO (I'm sorry for calling you Cesar, I blame the mimosas and Vanessa) is outstanding. Always refilling our drinks, making sure we have everything we need, and lastly having the patience to handle our rowdy group. Hats off to you sir!

Tip: come early! The wait for Sunday brunch can be horrendous. I've always been lucky and have never waited more than 20 minutes.
I plan on revisiting DW bistro often, now, as it is close to my house, the ambience is super trendy, and so is the food. Also the food servers are top-notch, they are very enthusiastic and cater to the patrons.

The only downside is the somewhat limited menu. Also, when we arrived, the hostess told us it would be 30 minutes to be seated. There were three or four empty tables that we could see from the hostess stand- and it was after 1 o'clock on a Wednesday afternoon, which I thought was weird. But we waited. Then we were sat after five minutes   ???
I don't think it would have ever tried its place on my own, because I don think I would have ever found it. I was asked to go for brunch from a friend and fellow yelper, who was going a on vacation for a month (a going away brunch). I did not know what to really expect after looking at the menu online. 

First let me say that there were 12 of us. We didn't not have a reservation, it's first come first serve. We got seated right away with no wait time. For bunch they offer specials and bottomless bloody Mary's or mimosas. I had to work or I would have been down for the mimosas. I ordered one of the specials, a twist on eggs Benedict. Instead of muffins they had spicy potato patties. To drink I ordered a cappuccino, and let me say it was almost as good as the ones I had in Europe. My food came out hot and looking great. There was so much on the plate. My first bite was so good, I did not want to put my fork down, but I did ( at least a few times to say how good my food really was). Looking around the table the eggs Benedict must ave been really yummy sounding because 6 of the 12 people ordered it. 

Our waited did a fantastic job in getting overtones order correct and keeping our water and mimosa glasses full. He was very attentive to our group and also his 4 other tables.

The price was a bit more then I thought it was going to be but it was well spent after trying the food and the great service.  

I WILL BE BACK!!! And I will try more yummy foods.
One of my oldest bookmarks...finally checked!

It was a very busy Saturday afternoon...and there was a considerable wait.  Parking was a little difficult as well...busy shopping area.

I was quite a bit bummed out that they don't serve the LUNCH menu on the weekends...only the BRUNCH menu at any time of the day.  Really wanted to give the burger a spin :(

So instead, I went with the New Mexican-style Slow-Cooked Pork ($12): Simmered in New Mexican Red Chile, Over-Easy Eggs and Rice. They warn it's spicy, but I didn't find it very spicy at all. It was super tender though, and had lots of flavor! I enjoyed it :)

Also tried the DW Nicoise ($16): Pan-seared Tuna, Olives, Haricot Verts, Fingerling Potatoes, Heirloom Tomatoes, Sliced Egg, Fresh Mango & Dijon Champagne Vinaigrette. Good overall, but it wasn't outstanding.  I don't think I would recommend it.

Prices were ok and portions were good.  I guess I just wasn't overly impressed enough for the bump in review.  Might have been too hyped up for me personally.

Pics:
I don't really give 5 stars but this place is on point. Seated immediately, welcomed with a level of professionalism I rarely see.  Server introduced himself immediately, told us the specials and was on point for every occasion. Water filled, suggestions on point, food was delicious. Every aspect of the experience was above my expectations. 

Appetizer was great, charizo with shrimp. Main entree, bow tie pasta with filet mignon. Dessert carrot cake. Everything was made in house and you can tell it was made by a professional chef. Food had balance and presentation was high end. DW Bistro has a new regular.
Good food.  Lots of choices.
Very loud due to the construction of the dining room.  It is difficult to have a conversation across the table.
Service was slow, but adequate.  
I will come back for the food, but the ambiance is lacking.
Tried this restaurant based on the recommendation of a co worker fusion Carribean and New Mexican Cuisine, the flavor and the presentation were really good. A good hip place to dine, and something new due to the fusion cuisine definitely a must try. Service was good as well.
Items selected:

Sticky Bun and White Chocolate Blueberry Scone with House Jam and Butter
Challah French toast with fresh strawberries
Jerk fried chicken & waffles served with DW signature maple syrup; breast of chicken atop light
and crispy waffles sprinkled with orange zest
Carrot Cake
Coffee

Owned and operated by Bryce Krausman and Dalton Wilson, DW Bistro had been on my list of places to dine in Las Vegas for two years but with my visits largely limited to the strip or around Christmas when they graciously give their employees much needed time off it was not until my fateful interview trip that I finally made it to the Spring Valley restaurant, arriving just after the restaurant opened after an early morning flight from Phoenix.  Large and airy with light spilling into the room to match the bright attitudes of the service team I was seated almost immediately on arriving at a table in back per my request and after perusing the menu decided to do what I often do with a menu so tempting; over order.  Coffee in hand and copious refills to follow my meal started off with a pair of pastries including a tender sticky bun and an unfortunately slightly dry scone that livened up slightly with a touch of butter and jam and moving right along my main plates would arrive shortly thereafter, each proving larger than anticipated.  From the smoky chicken atop a crisp yet pliable waffle and onward to the dense egg-bread topped with fresh berries and bathed in fruit-tinged syrup it would be hard to decide which dish I preferred as both were good but neither were 'best of genre' but unable to resist the signature carrot cake (not gifted to me as many have claimed on their first visit) I must say that this dish truly is special - one of those rare situations where reinterpreting a classic shines a whole new light on the dish and puts something pedestrian on a pedestal, the dense spice cake rife with pineapple and coconut served in three layers separated by light cream and flecked with white chocolate.
I love this place... Cause it's just so damn good!  And we literally had the best service ever from Luis (make sure to ask for him); he actually cares that your food is right! 

I usually get the New Mexican slow cooked pork which is ridiculous. Tonight I changed it up and got the green chili burger w/ sweet potato fries and I finished it all. So DELICIOUS. My husband got their special which was jalapeño bacon wrapped filet and could not stop raving about it.

Overall, this place is legit. Go there soon, it's definitely worth it.
Great find in my first week back to vegas! Thanks yelp. The decor was very miami with the tangerine, white and lime green colors... Felt very fresh. The food was amazing. I had tge turkey sandwich: which was a staff reccomend. I tryely cant wait to try many of the other items, nice variety on the menu... It was packed for a Friday afternoon around noon. I can see why. My fave in vegas do far. I will be back. Service was quite amazing as well. Got to try a carrot cake for being first time patron. Cheers to that!AWESOME place.
Everything I put in my mouth is HEAVEN!, randomly choose this place after i checked out Yelp, was totally blown away. The ambiance is so adorable and modern yet chic.  I had the couscous salad with ahi ( mmmmmmmm) GET THIS, my boyfriend had the jerk chicken and corn bread... I AM IN LOVE WITH THEIR CORN BREAD!!! then we also got the truffle mac and cheese..... I was in absolute heaven every time I dipped my fork into a new dish, each bite seemed to get better than the last! They even bring you a surprise desert if your a first timer!! This place is a must  must must go to!
Everything I had was absolutely spectacular. From my eggs benedict special with hatch chiles and potato cakes to the veggie curry to the chicken and waffles with oranges, I was such a fan.

I will say that my special was kind of ridiculously priced for the amount of food I got. It was delicious but I did not think two teeny little eggie benedicts needed to be $16.

The service was great, especially considering the LOUDMOUTHS at our table :) :) 

I would definitely recommend the brunch, but you do have to get there early because there is a straight up Disneyland line to get in to the brunch. 

Mimosas are ordinarily the tits, but since I was going to yoga and then work, I abstained. Definitely get the all-you-can-drink as it's a way better deal.
We went back for my second time about a month ago. It was, once again, awesome! My girlfriend and I saw a couple people with the Bloody Mary's, so of course, we had to try them. They were GREAT, very yummy! I typically have to request mine to be spicier than typically made, but theirs was perfectly spiced for me (probably spicier than preferred for many). It had a "salad" as a garnish (haha!) because it had a pickle, a an olive, a tomato, and a slice of bacon in it.

I chose the same thing I had the last time (eggs Benedict with jalapeno bacon). Once again, EXCELLENT! Service is always friendly and fast. 

DW is one of our favorites for our irregularly scheduled brunch outings. We still continue to try new places (for us, anyway) around town.
Looking for pretty boys and fashionably hip people? Bring a hearty appetite as you'll get your fill of eye candy, social lubricant, and of course, delicious grub.

I wouldn't come here for a hangover Sunday brunch though, as the room with the DJ would be a nightmare to your already throbbing brain. The staff does make sure that your glass is always filled though if you went the bottomless mimosa route.

A++ would come again. The staff is fabulous. The food is orgasmic. The drinks keep flowing. The boys keep flirting.
By far best spot in town. Beautiful atmosphere, decor and unbelievable food. Specialty cocktails galore. Highly recommend this place as this is my first review on yelp. It's that good
I'm live in Los Angeles but I spend a lot of time in Las Vegas and I will say that the food here in Vegas is super over rated including most I the restaurants on the strip. And it seams like the locals here have no idea what good food is. Now that I've completely made myself sound like a total jerk I will say that this little bistro here is awesome. It's so far away from the strip so it's locals only pretty much. I think I'm babbling here, must have the awesome drinks I just had. Just come here and you will be happy.
This year, I've had the opportunity of eating brunch, lunch, and dinner here thus warranting an updated review. Overall, I love the location. It's less than ten minutes from my house and it's within walking distance from my parents' house. Extremely convenient. Also, parking is simple and it's easy to find. Can't ask for more. The food is different, delicious, and fun. Mostly simple and fresh. The atmosphere is hip, upscale, but still casual. Great for a quick lunch or a fun date night. Service is inconsistent. I've had really wonderful service and I've had just okay service. Everyone is really friendly and great. However, I felt they were too overwhelmed while busy during brunch and everyone needs to learn to be more aware and not ignore tables (no one would stop at our table or take our order until I stopped a hostess and we didn't get our seasonal fruit, even though everyone else around us did). And they kept hitting our chairs - I'm never sitting in the middle of the restaurant again.

My go-to brunch options:
NEW MEXICAN-STYLE SLOW COOKED PORK OMELET ($13): Great flavor in the pork with the New Mexican Red Chile and that's what really makes this dish, plus, the eggs are so fluffy! Finished with jack cheese. The breakfast potatoes are all right. Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're flavorless. Not cool. I'd eat that pork any time and on anything though. JERK FRIED CHICKEN & WAFFLES ($15): The chicken is moist and the batter is great, but the jerk spices are VERY spicy! Thankfully, you have DW's signature maple syrup to cool you off. The waffles have a good batter and the crisp is good, but it's also a bit dry. Hard to eat a lot of it. DW NICOISE ($16): Wonderful assortment of fresh, delicious vegetables (haricot vert, fingerling potatoes, cherry heirloom tomatoes), fresh mango, hard boiled egg, and pan-seared fresh tuna. Brought together with a bed of greens and dijon champagne vinaigrette. Really great. FRESH BLUEBERRY & WHITE CHOCOLATE SCONES ($8): Really moist and flavorful. Delicious!

Lunch selections:
My favorite lunch selection is the DW BLT ($12) with jalapeno bacon, yellow heirloom tomato, lettuce, and chipotle mayo; served with sweet potato fries. Really delicious! If you want a light lunch option, the DW SIGNATURE SALAD ($9) with baby field greens, caramelized pecans, orange segments, seasonal bell peppers, goat cheese, and balsamic vinaigrette, is nice and a great price.

Dinner favorites:
DW FRIED CHICKEN ($19) has the same jerk seasoned flour, but unlike brunch, it's served with housemade cornbread and jerk cream gravy. The cornbread is moist and gravy is delicious. Pretty spicy as well, so beware. VEGETABLE CURRY ($14) that has seasonal vegetables and served with rice or couscous. Really good. JAMAICAN CHICKEN CURRY SOUP ($7) is made with New Mexican green chile and jalapeno bacon. It's thick and filling. PAN SEARED SALMON ($22) is served with guava beurre blanc and DW house rice. Salmon is well-prepared, flavorful, love the sweet beurre blanc and it completes the dish. 

The only dish I've ever disliked was the JERK FRIED CALAMARI ($10 for half order). Jerk seasoned flour with a sweet chile glaze and sweet hot peppers. The calamari was not fresh, the size of dimes, and really tough. But with only one bad dish, I call dining here successful.

Also, make sure that you ask about their desserts because the menu is forever changing and always seasonal. Always delicious too. Most recently, I had their PUMPKIN GOAT CHEESE CAKE. So, so good. Great cinnamon, pumpkin flavors with punches of goat cheese. It had a graham cracker crust and dulce de leche topping. Deeeelicious. Grab a slice while you can!

Brunch is really popular because of their bottomless mimosa option ($20). They're extremely generous with the champagne and your glasses are constantly being filled. Once, we went when they opened at 10 am and it was already packed! So, weekend brunch is great, but tread carefully because it is VERY busy. Also, it is the one time they don't take reservations. I would recommend sitting at the bar. I had a wonderful experience when I did that.
Hmmm. I've been back a few times since my initial review and I debate with myself if I really like this place. The food is hit or miss. The dishes they hit out of the ballpark with are amazing and the flops really flop. 

I've been here for breakfast/brunch as well as for dinner and on our most recent visit, I was less than impressed with their New Mexican-style slow-cooked pork bowl. The flavors just weren't dynamic enough. It was spicy, but bland which seems weird. The jerk fried calamari was the star of our meal. Just the right sweet to spicy ratio. I have enjoyed a number of their breafast dishes on previous visits, but nothing has stood out as something I need to come back for regularly. Service has been hit and miss on my visits to DW as well. Service is always friendly, but can drag at times.

When someone asks for a nice brunch spot, I almost always suggest DW Bistro, so I know I will be back, but I can't say they are the 5-star experience that I had on my first visit.
Perfect food perfect theme perfect presentation perfect classy dining high class 5 star feeling love this place just left the restaurant
I've only been here for brunch but it by far one of my favorite places! I love breakfast/brunch food. The staff is always friendly and helpful but be prepared to wait for a table. They have unlimited mimosas, a patio and good music. It's decorated to be sleek, current and overall contemporary. I haven't had anything on their menu that I have not liked so far!
Great place to hang out, great food, and great service! The only thing that I hope they'll change is going back to chill music for brunch on the weekends...last time I was there, it was club music and that's the last thing you wanna hear when you are trying to unwind from your week!

But great place altogether!
I was very impressed by everything I had from the salad to the entree. I passing by and running errands in the SW and stumbled upon this tasty restaurant thanks to other Yelpers. I'm very glad I stopped in. I dined alone the day I went so unfortunately I did not get to try more food items which I saw being served. Everything looked and smelled wonderful. I had the chorizo shrimp, a salad and the truffle mac and cheese. It was absolutely wonderful. I also had the pumpkin cheesecake and that was awesome as well. The portions were plenty so I got to take some food and desert home. I was looking forward to eating it the next day. It was just as good the next day the only downside is I had to share with it with my hubby. Can't wait to go back and bring my friends and family.
I had the best bacon and the best pulled pork ever all in one place. That deserves 5 stars. I tried everyone's food: 
The chilaquiles(mild), BLT, jerk chicken & waffles (spicy), slow cooked pulled pork(mild), and washed it all down w/ jalapeno bacon bloody marys(spicy)

Keep in mind i love me some spice, so if i warn you that something is spicy, you better belive it. 

We were all picking at our dishes long after we were stuffed saying, "i'm full, but this is so good i can't stop eating." No one finished all their food. 
The only thing i could say was negative for me was the music. there was a dj spinning at noon. A tad early for club music. Heard the "what is love?" Remix from Night At The Roxbury. Not my taste, but the food was so delicious they could play Polka music and i would still come back.
My impression was what's an amazing restaurant like this doing in a small SW strip mall? This place should be in the Bellagio I'm serious! Absolutely amazing all around.

Definitely take the time to come eat here,
You will fall in love with the place..
DW BISTRO
I always go to DW because it's close to my house and they serve the most amazing Jerk Ahi on a bed of pesto couscous with goat cheese balls... Heaven in your mouth!
First-

This place is fabulous and fierce and so is the owner...

Second- I'm a fan for life because I love a hands on owner...he was all over the place and came to  check on how things were...

Third- try the small pulled pork with potatoes and eggs over medium...in the spicy side but not overwhelming... My lady hates jerk chicken but she was very impressed with the jerk chicken and waffles...my friends had more Hispanic style dishes chilaquiles and a type of eggs Benny ...all bangin

This place belongs on the strip with a waiting line that is very long... Very proud that a venue like this is so close to where I stay and situated in my beloved city of Las Vegas.

Thanks DW
i love brunch. this is such a cute little place for brunch. it reminds me of any cute cafe in LA. its crowded and packed. their signature mojito is strong! its still yummy with fresh strawberries in it. Their curry is delicious definitely a must try. The chicken and waffles is their one of their signature dishes. The chicken has a great jerk flavor, but the waffles left me wanting more. i didnt think it was sweet enough, just meh.
The green chili burger is the best in all of Las Vegas.  Yes, you read that right.  The best burger in the whole city.  The side salad that comes with the burger instead of fries is wonderful.  The turkey burger is also very good but be warned that it's a little spicy.  The seared tuna salad is a great choice  The patio outside makes this a nice place to kick back and enjoy a meal with friends.  I haven't been for brunch yet and I plan to try a bacon bloody mary very soon.  I have ordered take out quite a few times and it's always neatly packaged and just as ordered.  Great iced tea.  Adding another soup to the menu would make me happy.
My man and I agree that this place is legit. The interior is swanky and modern. Lots of white and orange, with cool panels of micro suede fabric walls that are a bit plush. 

The customer service is superb. The waiters take the time to have small conversations here and there. They check on you enough to not be annoying and interruptive. 

I ordered the Jerk Fried Chicken with waffles. It was a generous portion. My man ordered the Mexican stew with eggs on top. We both had no complaints and pretty much devoured our plates. The only thing I wish was improved was the waffles. I like when the exterior is a bit crunchy. We liked that they brought out little complimentary fruit cups before our meal. The prices are very reasonable. We paid below 30 bucks! 

We will definitely come back to test out their other menu options. Caribbean/American fusion. We appreciate unique menus.
I've been meaning to write an update forever.  Despite my mediocre first visit years ago, I did go back to try lunch, and now this is one of my favorite places for lunch - I actually crave it!   I've tried a good portion of the menu, and have never had anything that I disliked.  Brunch is also excellent!  It can get pretty crowded, so you may have a wait at prime lunch or brunch time, but it is worth the wait.  They have definitely improved over the years.
The interior in this place is really nice. I just moved to the area and a friend told me the food was amazing and he was right. We started with the chicken flautas and I had the fried chicken. It was so flavorful. Also the customer service is awesome. Thanks
Lunch, brunch or dinner, you can't go wrong with this place! 
First off, the owners are super nice and put a lot of time and energy into the restaurant. That says a lot! 
Where do I begin? I love the Caribbean fusion that's brought into every dish that makes it unique from anything you've ever had. Not just a BLT, but a BLT with jalapeno bacon... YES! 
This is a great place for lunch, with a number of sandwiches and rice bowls to choose from. I feel like I've had just about everything on the menu, just pick something, it will be delicious. Dessert, make sure you order it. The cakes are all amazing and at a big portion size - perfect for sharing. And I can't forget my favorite tea: Pomegranate white tea
Brunch, you might just be spending your entire weekend afternoon here. Bottomless mimosa's along with chicken and waffles, melts my heart. Brunch is a must-have here.
First time I went to DW I was blown away!!!  Customer service is outstanding everyone is so happy and helpful.  Food...   The best breakfast I have ever had here in Las Vegas, the Chilaquiles are my personal favorites and the bottomless mimosas .   Definitely coming back and will bring as many of the 300 co-workers that relocated from San Francisco.   See you next Sunday!
My co-worker recommended this restaurant as she brings all 'out of towners' to DW Bistro.  I tried the brunch today and found the food YUMMY! We were greeted at the door very cheerfully by Bryce (co-owner) The menu was so awesome I was torn about what to choose..which means I will have to return.  One disappointment was the co-owner Dalton, although very visible, catered to one table only.  The service was good, prices were nice,  upbeat atmosphere and I even received a hug when departing.
Best brunch in town. They treat you like family. They borrowed me a sweater when I was cold! Veg Curry is my favorite--I'm a fan of DW bistro for life!
This place is beyond amazing. I come here often with my boyfriend and the food is out of this world, the customer service is on point, and everyone needs to stop by when they have their endless mimosas! Any time we have gone the owner is always there in the mix helping out and talking to guests. He clearly cares for his business. Whoever does the hiring for the location should also get great praise. All of the employees are very polite and professional. You'll never have an issue with someone not checking up on you as they truly cater to their customers. If your a local or just visiting you need to check this place out. You won't be disappointed!
service was really slow.....took me about 45 minutes to get my meal...unacceptable. Was getting up to just leave...food showed up as i was walking out. By this time im so annoyed that i cant help but be critical of the food..but regardless the food was not up to par. I ordered eggs benedict.What is the deal with the hollandaise sauce? you guys have a shortage or what? I felt like i was being put on half rations at a POW camp...eggs were hard not done properly,over cooked ,potatoes were cold. Ordered coffee,took 10 minutes to get to me,did you have to go to juan valdez house to get it? your 10 feet away from the coffee,shouldn't take that long.coffee comes no cream or sugar..another 5-7 minute wait,coffee getting cold by the minute,again unacceptable.This place is very she she,which i don't mind.But instead of spinning records and being pleasant overall..I would take a serious look at your ticket times,your service in general and the freshness of the food being served,on a side note the jalapeno bacon was tasty.Anyways  ...until these issues are addressed this place is not worthy of anything approaching 5 stars..no way.
We enjoyed our 1st experience!  You will too! If you love desserts, I dare you to try the red velvet cake!! :oP
We've been coming here since it opened, I simply love the Jerk Chicken. I"m glad we tried it long before the "hype" because I can easily say it's one of our favorite, unique go to places.
I try & stick with locally owned places in LV, and I'm thrilled to say DW stands up to their reputation.
My friend and I got off to a semi-late start on a random Thursday this week, so we decided to search Yelp for "brunch" in Vegas and see what we came up with. We were looking for something off the strip, since we also wanted to try and grab some geocaches, so DW looked good. Though we discovered they were not serving their very nice-looking brunch menu (brunch is weekends only), the lunch menu was available.

Both of us decided on the couscous salad, which comes with really delicious jerk-seared ahi tuna sort of draped on each side of a little mound of couscous, peppers, and goat cheese. It seemed to be a popular item, as we saw lots of orders of it come out of the kitchen--and rightly so, as it was delicious, not to mention beautiful.

The waiter was really great and quite friendly, and when he discovered it was our first time there, he brought us a really tasty slice of their delicious house carrot cake with cream cheese frosting on the house.

I would definitely come back here again, assuming that I have transportation--it's quite a trek from the strip, if that's where you're staying, but well worth it.
Very clean, modern restaurant with a laid-back vibe. Reggae music was softly playing in the background and I loved it. Our server Luis was extremely knowledgeable and really seemed like he loved his job. He was animated and passionate about the food when describing the specials; he made everything sound so good, and it wasn't. It was GREAT. All our dishes quickly came out hot, well-presented, and well-seasoned. Super delicious. The cocktails were stiff and fruity. We ended our meal with the carrot cake and it was make-your-toes-curl good. This place is awesome. Tell all your friends.
I went here on a date and I got the Jamaican Jerk Salad which was amazing! I'm not a huge fan of spicy food, but the muted flavor of the goat cheese and dressing and the sweetness of the mandarin oranges on the salad balanced with the spices on the chicken seamlessly.  My date got the Mexican Style Slow-Cooked Pork (pictured) loved it.. The portion sizes were bigger than I expected (which is awesome) 
Our server Louis was the man and he explained the menu and specials perfectly and gave us a brief history on the restaurant which was really cool to hear! Great table service, never an empty water glass. My date wanted Sierra Nevada which they didn't have, but Louis suggested a different beer they had which he really enjoyed! Yay Louis! We also ordered the carrot cake which was to die for! Louis told us they have an in-house pastry chef! We will definitely be back! Seriously a great time, perfect date night! We'll be back for bottomless memosas!
DW Bistro is amazing! The food is delicious & the staff is super friendly & polite. The different cocktails they serve are always quite savory. I have been here numerous times & I don't get tired of the vegetable curry with couscous. The tingy v is also my favorite cocktail. The menu here is quite different than other places & that is a good thing because they have a wide selection of food & vegetarian options. This place deserves beyond 5 stars!!!
Went for my birthday and was impressed. Great staff, drinks & food. Can't go wrong. The braised short ribs are wonderful as is the sangria and nightly special mahi mahi. Sumed up the night with the lemon lime pudding. What a great night.
The food was great and I can't wait to go there again. Had dinner and the presentation was beautiful with edible flowers.  The food was locally grown and very fresh.
Located in Southwest Las Vegas, DW Bistro is a delightfully refreshing restaurant that combines Mexican and Jamaican flavors into its menu. The ambiance is cool, clean and modern -- almost a hipster's paradise except that you'll see all walks of life in this dining establishment munching on the amazing fare offered here for brunch, lunch and dinner. 

The restaurant itself has a small yet sleek waiting lounge, and two main dining rooms all with large windows letting in gorgeous light for a pick-me-up with your morning mimosa, which are bottomless on Sundays. There is also a main bar located in the larger dining room that is filled with glass containers displaying alcohol-infused concoctions and special drink menu items. If you're heading there solo, just pull up a seat at the bar and watch as the bartender creates compelling and beautiful libations for patrons. However, if you can go with friends or family, you'll be able to spit and taste more of the menu.

The brunch and lunch menu has traditional options but all with delectable twists such as DW Oatmeal that has slivered almonds, cream, coconut as well as golden raisons and berries. For a real treat, though, order the jerk pork hash with is seasoned and slow-cooked served over eggs, your choice of style, and crispy, flavorful potatoes. It's also served with a warm tortilla to spoon the hash onto -- just be sure to ask about the size difference between the half and the full order. The half order is usually a sustainable amount of food to last you all day.

Not in the mood for breakfast? Then try the DW turkey burger with sweet potato fries. Honestly, the best turkey burger I've ever tasted it comes with mango pear apple chutney. And if you're feeling extra indulgent, get the fresh blueberry & white chocolate scones or DW pastry basket to split among the table. Fresh-baked and warm, these pastries are to die for! 

They usually have specials of the day, which are freshly made with unique items. Don't forget to get a beverage from the bar and their full and very-unique cocktail menu. The Bloody Mary is a personal favorite, although it is not for the faint of heart or those with a low tolerance to spice. It does come with the best crispy bacon I've ever had -- a special jalapeño pickled bacon slice. To cool things down a bit, each order comes with a side of fresh fruit, which is a lovely way to cleanse the palate.

Not having yet been there for dinner I can't attest to the menu items, but after perusing the dinner menu and my experiences with brunch and lunch, I can with great certainty say I'll be returning for the jerk oven roasted baby back ribs and the couscous salad very soon.
This is probably our favorite neighborhood restaurant. We love that we only live like 5 minutes from here. We have been here for brunch & dinner and every time we visit, our service and food is always awesome. I love their jamaican fusion and fresh ingredients. The presentation of the food is beautiful and it really is as good as it looks. They have bottomless mimosas on (Sundays?) which I have not had, but definitely on my list of things to-do. I have had their Bloody Mary which is gigantic and is served with a strip of Jalapeño Bacon. Um, what? Um, YES! SO GOOD! I haven't had anything here that I didn't like. EVERYTHING is delicious and the ambience of the place is awesome. Some days they play island-y reggae music and the other day they played 90's alternative. The music is never too loud and the interior of the place is very clean and well lit. Every time I suggest going here to someone that has never been before, they immediately have a picture of the place in their minds and its never what they expect it to be. The interior is very modern.... white and orange. (you'll see)

oh and CARROT CAKE. just do it!
FINALLY!  I had the opportunity to check out DW Bistro :)  I've heard so many amazing things about this place and wanted to check it out.  The location is pretty far from my house, so this was special.  On my MLK weekend, thought this would be the perfect opportunity for a great brunch joint.  

Walking up to the restaurant, I noticed that it was centered in a really nice strip mall.  Far location, however, seemed super worth it!  The restaurant is super modern.  Clean colors makes for a very trendy location :)  I feel so dirty walking into a white place LOL.  One of the major focal points of the restaurant is the bar.  Super nice.  The bathrooms were clean and made me feel like I was at a spa retreat.  Our server was super nice.  He was helpful.  I wish he told us his name so I could give a shout out, but oh well.  

We started out with bottomless mimosas for $20.  Trust me, that's the best deal ever.  And bottomless...they NEVER let it go dry.  Always coming around and refilling the glasses.  It was super worth it.  For brunch, I got one of the staff picks, the Jerk Frid Chicken and waffles for $15.  Huge pieces of chicken breasts, fried in a jerk spice seasoning, on top of waffles and served with DW Bistro signature maple syrup.  The chicken was spicy and savory, garnished with a little orange peel shavings.  It was packed with flavor and so delicious.  The waffles were big, yet super fluffy.  The syrup was refreshing and unlike any other syrup I've had.  It went well with both the waffles and chicken.  Such and amazing and well thought out meal.  Definitely a take home item, unless you come with a super big appetite.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this dish!!

Looking for a great brunch joint?  Try DW!  It has quickly became one of my top picks in the city.  It's worth the drive.  It's modern, it's trendy, it's awesome!  Thanks for a great morning, DW!!
A great neighborhood find! Three of us went in Saturday night for dinner - pleasantly surprised that there was no wait, especially since they don't take reservations. Great selection of specialty cocktails and beers. We started with the jerk calamari - absolutely delicious, just the right blend of spicy and sweet. I had the DW Fried Chicken - yummy! I will warn you that the "dusting of jerk seasoning" is pretty heavy handed so be prepared for some spice. My dinner companions had a steak dish and the jerk shrimp pasta. Both were good and much less spicy but still plenty flavorful. The service was good. And I loved the decor - so fun and totally makes you forget you are in a strip mall. We will definitely be back!
Pros: 
"All Day" Mimosa deal, perfect for us functioning alcoholics. I went on a Sunday so I'm not sure if this deal exists every day of the week.

Awesome servers; friendly and on top of their game.

Cons: 
45 minute wait for a table. It was like waiting to get into a nightclub. The general vibe of this place is trendy and pretentious. I felt like I showed up to an American Apparel party uninvited.

If you do not want to get the "All Day' mimosa deal (around $20something bucks), one mimosa is $13.00 and it's tiny. I totally expect those prices on the strip, but a local's place? Come on. (The bartender did not tell me about the "All Day" deal until I was charged for one mimosa. They should be in the habit of letting people know about the deal once a mimosa is ordered, if you ask me. But nobody has)

The food is alright (not amazing), but again, the prices are totally outrageous. Definitely not worth it. Next time, imma point my Ugg knock offs in a different direction.
Went here for lunch today after hearing good things through word of mouth, I had the smoked Turkey panini and my boyfriend had the sandwich of the day which had chicken breast and an array of delicious ingredients. We were SO pleased. I will definitely be back, I can't wait to try what else the menu has to offer!!!
Eat here, eat here, eat here and eat here. This place is the jewel of the city. Unique jerk seasonings, complex flavors, good wine and a terrific wait staff and guess what else - the food is a bargain! Really don't miss it!
Went here for the first time and it exceeded expectations! The food, drinks and service was AMAZING. Luis was our server and was very knowledgable on the menu and ensured we had a great time. When our food arrived you could tell it was freshly made and original to this restaurant. There were several people in the restaurant but it did not appear in the service.. Our drinks were never low and all of our needs were taken care of. Absolutely deserves 5 stars!
I've lived in Vegas for 3 years now. I moved from Los Angeles, where BRUNCH is on everybodies Sunday Funday list. I haven't found that until now. DW Bistro is the PLACE TO BE. In a city full of Tackiness and B*llsh*t! I have found a place where I'm proud to take my friends and family to!!! The service is nothing but exceptional. Everyone is happy to here. The employees are friendly and Beautiful. The Jerk Chicken will blow your mind and the mimosas are champagne with a Drop of OJ (as it should be.) We did not want to leave and our waiter kindly asked us to step outside and continue to enjoy our bottomless mimosas. We were more than happy to remove ourselves from the table and continue to enjoy the atmosphere, so someone else could have the pleasure of our experience. There's ons nothing comparable to this place and I will tell everyone about our experience. THANK YOU For keeping Customer Service alive and continue to keep your employes happy. It shows. You are doing everything right.
DW and Ernesto are sweet as pie. 

Let's play more R&B and Hiphop after all Sunday is the Lords Day. :)
Incredible...brunch seating delay is always faster than they quote you in order to exceed your expectations.  If you're celiac, there really are options... the kitchen is smart, the staff is educated, the owners are fabulous.  If you're a local and this isn't a regular brunch spot for you, clue in. It's one of the smartest non-strip restaurants in town and everyone can learn something from their operation.
We wanted to like this place but it failed our expectations. 
After driving 25 mins to get there, my boyfriend & I were seated at a very wobbly table, we moved to another table, which was also very wobbly.

 I order the slow cooked pork bowl ($12). It was a lot of food & the flavor was good, but after eating the top layer, we noticed the only reason it looked like so much was because more than half the bowl was just rice. 

 He ordered the New Mexican chili chicken enchiladas ($12). When they brought both our plates out I couldn't believe they were the same price! My huge bowl compared to his 2 sad little enchiladas was disappointing. The enchiladas came w/ just a very small bowl of plain boring white rice. After his first bite, it just kept going down hill, BOTH ends of BOTH enchiladas were burnt. We told our server but he didn't seem to care to much. I found it funny that even after our complaints, he asked if we would be wanting dessert. 
Uh No! First & LAST time at DW Bistro.
Went in there the first time when the owners were in.  Sweetest guys ever, one of them even hugged me because he felt bad I just moved from California. They made is a free surprise dessert. Food was delicious. The only reason I did not give five stars is because the second time I came in, the owners were not there.  There were a ton of people working but my girlfriend and I were pretty much ignored.  So the owners may need to stay there 24/7
Delicious. Simply delicious. I sat at the bar and the bartender Michael provided really good service. Had the Jamaican chicken and curry, the haricot vert/tomato side dish and the couscous/seared ahi salad. Everything was spectacular.  A little heavy handed on garlic and the bar was kinda a mess but overall, I love everything about this restaurant.
Short review: DW Bistro is amazing. If you enjoy food, you can't go wrong here. Don't miss out.

Longer review: This is one of only two restaurants in Las Vegas that I can honestly say I love every item on the menu. From the Jerk chicken and waffles on the weekend to the DW Turkey Burger for lunch, everything is delicious. The specialty drinks are wonderful as well, many of (if not all of them) are hand crafted and taste great. Although be sure to pace yourself, even if you can't taste it, there's quite a bit of alcohol in some of the drinks.

The ambiance is great, it's a very trendy restaurant and the people who frequent it are very hip as well. The service is always done with a smile and it seems like the employees truly love working here. Many times I've had full on conversations with the bartenders during my lunch.

If there's anything negative to say, it's realizing I won't be able to cook anything nearly as good as some of the items I've had here. There's also a bit of a wait during the evenings, but it's pretty much worth it.

DW Bistro is amazing. If you are on the west end of town, make sure to drop in. You won't regret it.
I've lived in Vegas for many years & I can't believe I didn't come to this place sooner! The food here is truly amazing as well as the service/atmosphere.. I highly recommend this local spot and I will definitely become a regular!
Came here for the first time on valentines day and definitely won't be my last. Our server was Travis and he did an amazing job handling everything. We will be back!
Best brunch place in town. Drinks, entrees, and pastry basket so good. I can't say enough about DW Bistro. If only I lived closer to this place, I would go there more often.
This is one of my favorite places here in SW Vegas. 
The Mac and Cheese is CRAZY good.
And the chicken is addictive.
Everything is so fresh. 
On the lighter side The seared AHI TUNA salad is an excellent choice.

The service is top notch also, feeling like a 5star restaurant with 3star prices. 
Go to DW BISTRO. You will not be disappointed.
Excellent options, top of the line service, and they definitely aim to fill you up. Give the biscuit a try. It's pretty good. Also, love the all white and love the bar design. Very elegant and sheek.
Food is really good here but you should try and make a reservation because it is very popular!  The service is always good as well!
One of my favorite restaurants, but we had a very overcooked steak last night after asking for medium rare. The ahi salad was bomb though as was the service.

Oh well, i'll give it a pass - they are usually super on their game at this place. 

Sad news - we were told no red chile for awhile because of a recall- damn!
this place blows the charts to smithereens!!! my tastebuds were amazed!
I highly recommend the chicken fried steak.  The restaurant has a cool vibe and the service was great.
Delicious!!! I love the entire staff! Service is FABULOUS And food is FANTASTIC!! Best Brunch in Vegas! Bottomless mimosas are kept flowing. We always order off the special of the day menu. It's never a disappointment, and always fresh.
This place is close to my work so I am guilty of frequenting it a few times a month. The salads are excellent and one of my favorite dishes is the veggie curry. The vegetables are crunchy and the all of the flavors in the curry make my mouth do a happy dance. The serving sizes are relatively big and the prices are fair.

I did the Sunday brunch a few weeks ago, however the chicken and waffles wasn't to my liking. I like the concept but the waffles were a bit dense and the chicken was a bit over fried. I will go back to give it another try but will definitely be ordering differently.
Great place to bring clients. The music is the right volume to hear people at you table but allows the other table conversations drown out. The water never went more than half full, which is a big plus as I usually drink my weight in water when I am out to eat! Our table shared the goat cheese appetizer, delicious! Marco was amazing as was the other staff - it's a repeat for sure
Unquestionably different taste of food. Welcoming service and atmosphere. Long wait for table but technology they used was impressive. They text you when your table is ready so you don't need to wait close-by. Not a fan of their special syrup nor blueberry macadamia pancakes. Chilaquiles were different but yummy.
Love this place! 

Bloody marys are to die for! Blueberry scones, I die again! I love to frequent this place during lunch and always get their DW bowl of the day, it's always different and better than the time before. 

The service is beyond great.
Finally did Sunday brunch!  And was it worth the wait...literally!  We arrived around 11:30 am and waited out front for about an hour.  We didn't mind as the weather was gorgeous.  They notify you via text when your table is ready.  I had the Bloody Mary...spicy and served with jalapeno bacon and skewered veggies - delicious.  We had a brunch-atizer - the pastry plate.  OMG, the scones were delicious!!!!  The plate included chocolate croissants, muffins, and goat cheese pastry.  We sampled all.  My friend had the oatmeal served with fresh fruit and toasted coconut.  She said that the leftovers tasted just as delicious on Monday am!  I had the veggie omelette that was also awesome as a leftover!  Our server Nick was FABulous!  Funny and super attentive.  I can't wait for Sunday!
Hands down, best place I have ever eaten at. Had the Jamaican Jerk chicken sandwich with a house salad and my friend had the Green Chile Burger.

The jerk chicken sandwich was amazing. The jerk seasoning on the chicken was perfect, with some spice but not too much. Jalapeño bacon was on point, and the heirloom tomatoes added a nice juicy flavor. The side salad was seriously amazing. The candied pecans, goat cheese and peppers were the perfect combination.

The burger was seriously, the BEST burger I've ever had in my life, and I'm a food snob so it's not easy to please me.

I'm from San Diego, and I now can't have a burger or chicken sandwich from any other place because it will not come close to my experience here.

Oh, and since it's our first time, the Waitor brought a complimentary Jamaican carrot cake for us to enjoy, as a thank you for giving them a try. Wow, where do I sign up to invest in this place? Rockstar status!
If I lived in the region, I would make a point of eating my way through the full DW menu. (Actually, I'd move or shoot myself, but let's just pretend.) We stopped by during their Sunday brunch madness, found ourselves staring down an hour wait, and opted for food to-go on our way to the desert.
The staff at DW is impressively competent and friendly. They're essentially wrangling a herd of ravenous socialites with the attention spans and attention demands of toddlers, and they do so admirably.
Not surprisingly, we ordered Jerk Chicken & Waffles as well as the Jerk Pork Hash. Both meats were nicely cooked and the portions were perfect. If you're still reading, you're no doubt wondering why this isn't a four-star review. Two reasons:
1. Their jerk seasoning is much too timid. You get the allspice, some herbs, and citrus (there's even some additional orange rind on the waffles), but the habanero heat is a no show. It doesn't move far enough beyond regular chicken & waffles.
2. I am not a weirdo who carries condiments in my man-purse, but I'm officially designating DW as a B.Y.O.Syrup establishment. It's a sad moment when you find yourself wishing you could un-pour the sticky sweetness you just splashed all over your waffles and chicken (for the record, you cannot). You know that irrevocable moment when you dump way too much brandy or Grand Marnier into your recipe and convert the whole dish into a boozy mess? We've all done it, and we'll probably do it again. With luck, DW only did it on the day we visited. The syrup was odd, overbearing, and unfortunate. You have been warned.
Perfect spot for Sunday Brunch for Las Vegas locals! 

The music makes you feel like you are at a party and the energy puts a smile on your face. For just $20, you can get all-you-can-drink mimosas which is totally worth is considering one drink is $12! 

The menu doesn't include many traditional breakfast items which forces you to try something new! The chicken & waffles are to die for. I also enjoy the Jamaican pork hash and the Jamaican style omelet. The menu & sauces available are all Jamaican which you won't find anywhere else in Las Vegas!
I could almost call this a nice gem, in the suburbs. I came here for lunch, on a Wednesday afternoon, with a friend. Prior to coming here, I had read some reviews saying how they sometimes get so packed, that even at 1pm, there is a fairly long wait. Upon arrival, i was actually getting a little scared considering i had to park on the south end of the parking lot and walk over. 

LUCKILY ! Nope, no wait time XD super lucky i was told by my friend. I called her my lucky charm :P haha 

Decor is very different. "Clean" and bright, yet simple. Bright colors with live vegetation (live flowers and containers filled with fruit) and decor. Different lighting and textures. It was quite nice on the eyes. Really different from what you'd usually see in a traditional restaurant. 

This restaurant is based on the traditional Jamaican/Caribbean flavors with New Mexican cuisine. I don't know much about New Mexican cuisine but what i remembered of Caribbean is their huge use of spice (flavors) and SPICE (HEAT!) 

A lot of reviews had talked about like the New Mexican Style slow-cooked pork, or chicken and waffles (not traditional chicken but JERK chicken!), or other things. 

We were seated in the side room (to the right upon entry). 

Super nice waitress and briefly described how their items are on the spicier side but can be changed, if preferred. HECK NO!  bring it on spice XD ! haha

My friend and I ordered two things, and shared off each other's plates. She had ordered the New Mexican Style slow-cooked pork, whereas I had ordered the Jamaican curry chicken. 

I was actually amazed by the portion size. I am not a small eater, i couldn't even finish half. Ended up having to box up BOTH orders because BOTH were only half eaten. AND we shared ! LOL 

BOTH were served in a bowl (obviously since it was under the "DW House Bowls" section) but the best thing... BOTH WERE PIPING HOT ! YES ! 

New Mexican-style slow cooked pork (simmered in New Mexican red chile with two over-easy eggs served over rice) - $12

VERY heavy and hearty dish. Comes with two? three? small tortillas on the side. This is how i described it to my friend. "It is a dish where is good on a nice cold night, sitting next to a fire, with a book". Heavy and hearty to keep you warm through the cold night. Good idea right? Perfectly cooked over-easy eggs on top, spilling its rich ooey gooey goodness over the slow-cooked simmered pork in red chile. Spice level, mild? There IS a bit of spice in it. Would prefer a bit more but it wasn't bad as it was. The meat was tender and pulled apart fairly easily. The included small tortillas allow you to make these small burrito wraps yourself. Another thing i told my friend... "if only we had some like corn salsa, sour cream, shredded cheese.. this would be a YUMMY burrito !" haha =X 

Jamaican curry chicken (sauteed seasonal vegetables; served over rice or couscous) - $12 

In comparison to the slow cooked pork dish, this dish is light and bright. Light curry flavor, with little to no spice, but refreshing from the sauteed seasonal veggies that give it a bright flavor amongst the curry taste. It's a pretty good combination. Veggies were like cubed zucchini, green beans, two different types of mushrooms, etc  The chicken is a little overcooked, so a little tough (considering it was white meat as well). Still pretty good though. I later regretted asking for rice over couscous. I wonder how it would have been with couscous. Very curious now. 

Overall. Pretty good experience. $12 for a bowl i cant even finish? Pretty good ! Flavors are good. Would like to try other things next time. 

Little additional uhm... thing.. haha (lack of vocab coming to my head at the moment)... the boxes they give you to pack leftovers... THEY ARE STURDY AND MICROWAVABLE ! (super chinese but most likely reusable) XD
I can't get enough of this place!!! Love going there a few times a week. Lunch, dinner and the brunch on weekends AMAZING!!! I have had pretty much everything on the menu and each and everything is delicious!!! Whether you want to sit at the bar and have one of their incredible cocktails or sit on the patio and get some fresh air. A must go to
Spot on the west side!
We arrived in Las Vegas in search of the best burger for myself. The bellman at The Orleans, Jeremiah referred me to DW Bistro.The term Bistro had me somewhat apprehensive because I had never though of Bistros for Burgers. This place is the place for the best burger in Las Vegas, I had the New Mexican-style green chile cheeseburger.
To describe it as phenomenal would be an understatement, hot, juicy, wow!! Let the Chef, as I always insist, cook it as he intended it to be best, which turned out to be medium. I ate this work of art with the DW Salad and had this all complimented with the  DW Bloody Mary, Yum!! 
My wife had the Jamaican Curry Chicken on white rice and my Trini Girl loved it.
She opted for the Pineapple Ginger Beer to go with it.
We also had as a starter,The DW Spanish chorizo with shrimp which was a veritable festival for the pallet.
We completed this holiday with the Carrot Cake and it too was great and not too sweet.
All the staff conducted themselves in a very professional manner and we were fortunate to have Luis walk us through this Beautiful, Delicious Flavor Journey.
It not far from the Strip and believe me when I tell you, IT IS WORTH IT!!!
This is one of the best places to eat a meal, meet amazing people, receive stellar  5 star service and drink a few too many mimosas on Sunday.  With its roots in New Mexican cuisine, DW Bistro has a little something we may have tried before but with a twist.  Their chilaquiles are some of the best I have ever had (I grew up in Austin, chilaquiles are everywhere).  I am hard pressed to name another place that creates them any better.  My second favorite dish is their calamari; you can't order this at brunch but don't worry, their dinner is just as delightful.  For my fellow wine drinkers, their wines are on point, always changing and reasonably priced. 

This is a great date spot or a fun place to have dinner/brunch/drinks with friends.  The atmosphere is fun, energetic and yet comfortable.  Do yourself a favor and try both dinner and brunch here.  I can promise you, you won't be disappointed.  For other recommendations on dishes, feel free to PM me.
Highly recommend this place! 
The pork was perfectly cooked!
The service was also great.
My first time here was last Thursday and it was the best! I had the chicken curry, I could tell immediately it was prepared fresh. 

Most curries from Thai restaurants have a stale taste to them that cause indigestion, this one didn't have that taste and was absolutely delicious. I'll definitely return.
Eeeek!! Here's the deal. I've known about DW Bistro for a LONG time now and have been dying to come on a date night, but never got around to it. I constantly see the reviews in my Yelp feed because I live so close-by, so I was really excited to finally try it last Saturday. My husband and I went with my sister-in-law before the Xtreme thing, because we had to have a sophisticated dinner prior to blending in with Las Vegas's most obnoxious crowd at Desert Breeze Park. 

Our server may have been the tastiest part of the meal (that was piggish, I know, but he was seriously HOT) and so friendly. It seems like the tables he was serving were all regulars, several of them with women. I bet they all ask to be seated in his section for some eye candy. MOVING ON! We started off with the jerk calamari. When they brought it over to us, we were really surprised because it was a pile of black, wet, calamari. It was calamari drenched in their jerk sauce which ended up being way too salty, and soggy. The squid inside however, was high quality, not chewy, and tender. I just wish it wasn't in that sauce. Sadly, this was a recommended appetizer. 

For entrees, we went with more appetizers. We ordered the flautas, turkey sliders, and chicken curry soup. The flautas were tasty, but sadly not tastier than ones that I had at a hole in the wall Mexican take-out place in California. The turkey sliders that everyone RAVES about were so underwhelming! My SIL took a photo and put it on IG, and she had 15+ comments talking about how much they love this thing. I found pieces of the chutney to be bitter (orange peel possibly?) and the burger itself to be tasteless and dry. I just didn't understand the hype of this thing. It came with no veggies either which I found disturbing. It was just a brioche bun, turkey, and chutney. 

Lastly, the soup that everyone on Yelp talks about was a nice sized soup loaded with chicken and veggies. However, I found the seasoning to be on the strong side. I loved the consistency, which must have used a lot of coconut milk to make it so creamy. Perhaps it was an off-night, but the food was not up to my expectations. Things were over-seasoned and I wouldn't order any of these things again. I really really want to come back (to spy on the hot waiter) and try their brunch because that seems to be where the real magic happens! The inside is beautiful, the patio looks perfect for a Spring day, and the environment lively to make a small or large party feel comfortable.
Wow!I gotta say that this was a totally unexpected experience from start to finish. Get your taste buds ready for a new adventure. Service was great, food was awesome and we'll definitely be back for more

Appetizer- jerk fried Calamari

Entrees- braised short ribs w garlic rosemary parmesan mash potatoes

Jerk fried chicken w cornbread& honey w gravy

Side- truffle mac n cheese w bacon (the best tasting item)

Desert-Jamaican carrot cake 


Everything was awesome and paired well with one another and can't wait to eat there for brunch
Stick with beer.  Their red wine selection over-priced.  Calamari was amazing!  Ordered the Fried Chicken and Braised Short-Rib to split.  While the short-rib was just okay, chicken was wonderful!  Won't split the chicken next time!
Fantastic brunch.  I had the chicken and waffles.  I've had it in the past in other areas of the country and been unimpressed, but DW's C&W were great.  The chicken was very well cooked and the waffles were ok.  And, of course, the bottomless mimosas were also quite good.
Amazing place with great food and service. One of the best burgers I've had. Brought us a sample of a carrot cake that was incredible. Can't wait to check out brunch!
Excellent brunch! Lively, bright atmosphere. Bottomless mimosas and fantastic food! The eggs Benedict with jalapeño bacon was phenomenal.
I thought that the reviews on Yelp were a good sign of things to come ( or eat ), but, not so much. I will say that the service is excellent, from hostess to busser to waiter. 
We started with the jerk calamari app, it was different, but just ok. The entrees we had were: Jerk chicken breast ; was good , Salmon with guava burre blanc sauce ; was ok , Green chile burger ; was the only really  good food ! 

Here's the bad part, calamari app was a bit on the greasy side. Then when I asked what size salmon came with entree and he said 8oz,  but actually was 4 maybe 5 oz. for $22 ?
Listen, I don't mind paying good money for good food, but if it's going to be small portion, it better taste REAL good, this wasn't worth the money.  
Then the rice that was served with entrees was half under cooked and the seasonal veggies needed seasoning. They tried replacing under cooked rice with mash potato, but that needed seasoning too. 
They did comp part of our meal which was really nice of them to do. I would give 2 1/2 stars but yelp doesn't have 1/2 stars. 

I think I have to come back for the brunch, maybe then I'll get the 5 star food I see in the reviews.
The ambience is always beautiful, the food fantastic, the staff is friendly and fast. Everyone is always very attentive and they all seem to know the menu well. I have been here a handful of times and everything I get is always great!
Came here for lunch with my boyfriend. When we first walked we were surprised about the decor it was so nice and clean.

My boyfriend started with their Bloody Mary which came in a tall glass garnished with jalapeño infused bacon with olives and a pickle. This was pretty tasty. 

Unfortunately that was the only thing that was good for us. 

We started with the chicken flautas, which was kinda dry but not that bad.

Then I got the pan seared salmon with Jamaican jerk seasoning and my bf got the pork chile thing. Both had a really strange flavor, it just wasn't good. 

The only thing I would say is the service is pretty good
I know that one's review of an establishment is influenced greatly by the ambience experienced and service received, as well as food quality (if the establishment is a restaurant).  My recent visit to DW Bistro scores an A+ on all of those points.  I enjoyed the banter of my very funny server, the beautiful contemporary chic of the interior, and my meal!  The cool modern décor was truly a feast for the eyes (see website for pictures).  As for the actual food, yum!  We started with the pesto torte appetizer, a lovely blend of cream and goat cheese topped with fantastic pesto and nuts.  The size of this appetizer was quite large, easily besting my party of four (really).  I'd come back for that appy alone.  Other dishes selected included the Jamaican curry chicken bowl over couscous grains so big they seemed fake (it was very tasty though and the portion size was enormous), braised oxtail (tender and covered with a sweet glaze), and the New Mexico chili cheeseburger with sweet potato fries (the green chili tasted very similar to what I had during my time in NM).  Dessert was the trio cake sampler (chocolate, carrot, red velvet).  I think my favourite was the red velvet due to its tangy frosting.  Yum!  The carrot cake was also very very good and featured pineapple and white chocolate flakes.  We left DW Bistro stuffed and satisfied.  I'll have to return for brunch!
Best breakfast in LV. Jerk Chicken and Waffles, New Mexico slow cooked pork omelet, Jerk Chicken benedict, and carrot cake w white chocolate shaving. Everything was AMAZING. My friend got the bloody mary with bacon and that was tasty too. The lines get long but it's worth it. It's off strip and the locals all know about it.
It has been a few years since my first review of this place and my opinion has drastically changed. I would now say that I enjoy this place. I usually order the Jerk Fried Chicken and it's amazing! Very enjoyable and I will be back again and again
Went for brunch and we were seated right away although there were people waiting ahead of us. I saw this happen quite a lot there. Maybe I looked hungry...

We ordered the $10 pastry basket, I couldn't help but notice ours did not have the same variety and amount of items as others which was strange. I think they gave us the smaller portion by accident. 

The ambience was great I loved our server, the music, decor and overall vibe of the place. Mimosas were yummy, I opted not to go for the bottomless however the waiter topped off my glass twice. Which was oh so kind and made for a fun trip to target after brunch. 

Then jerk fried chicken eggs Benedict and the jerk chicken and waffles were winners. They were delicious but I will probably order the curry cous cous next time its still favorite of mine but I'm happy I tried something new. 

Their chocolate cake is divine, everyone talks about their carrot cake but oooohh girrrrl try the chocolate cake.
I had to update my review bc unfortunately the last time I went there I had HORRIBLE SERVICE. I went there for brunch and was treated really badly by our server. He paid us no attention, did not do things in a timely manner, slammed down my orange juice causing it to spill,  and worst of all when he finally decided to refill my coffee he spilled some on me, and WALKED AWAY! are you kidding me? HOT COFFEE ON MY PANTS.I was so mad I couldn't even speak. I work in the industry myself, so I know how to behave in a restaurant. This servers actions were completely unwarranted 
I come here often and have really enjoyed it, but I just couldn't believe how I was a treated. .  I wish I had kept my receipt to call the manager to let them know who this person was. 
But I will say the food runner was very kind and did go the extra mile for us. Of course the food was good. But that bad server is something I just can't believe.
Oh DW.  I spoke so highly of you to my friends!  They trusted me and you let me down.  I'm not angry - I'm just disappointed; like a parent whose golden child just got suspended for smoking pot at the pep rally.  

I've eaten here several times - mainly for brunch and always quite enjoyed the complete experience.  Service is typically great and the food is usually creative, tasty and reasonably priced.  

Last night though...oh DW.  I feel like I don't even know who you are anymore!
My friend and I went to celebrate her birthday, and I had talked this place up quite a bit.  Our main server was abrupt, distant and had horrible timing!  He constantly interrupted our conversations and had a knack for doing so during the juiciest parts of stories!  Come on man, we're trying to talk here!  He seemed impatient with our questions and our leisurely dining pace.  We both ordered the mahi-mahi special - which was 30 dollars a plate so I was expecting it to be delicious.  The fish was dry, the rice was dry, and the mixed vegetables were flavorless and uninspired.  Mahi-mahi is a hard fish to ruin, and but they found a way.  It just felt and tasted like a piece of fish I bought frozen at Smiths, thawed out and tossed in the oven with some olive oil and teriyaki sauce.  If I can throw it together myself, I can't help but feel bitter about paying 30 dollars (plus tip) to eat it at a place I usually count on for a nice dinner out.  

The dinner was not a total loss - the other gentleman waiting on us (not our main server, more of a runner?) was incredibly pleasant and helpful.  Our starter was delicious - if you like a cheese dish to start, I must recommend the pesto torte.  Goat cheese, cream cheese, and pesto married together into a soft, savory tort make a fine start to any meal.  In fact, we worked on it throughout and used it to finish the meal as well.  

The hostess who seated us was adorable, and as always the atmosphere of DW is nice.  I just don't know if I can trust them after last night's sad dinner.  I suppose, like the pot smoking teen, trust must be earned before they get Mom's car keys again.
I went here again for dinner last night and the food tastes better every time! I tried the couscous salad with seared ahi tuna on the side. It was delicious. I never get tired of this place and our server.. I think his name was Nick.. Mark? (I feel bad I forgot his name), but he was funny yet very professional. This place does not disappoint! MUST TRY!
Very nice staff. The food was good.  We had our 2 kids with us and they were patient. My husband had the lamb chops, but we're kind of small.  We want to try their brunch.
I just love this food here, and its so fresh and perfectly seasoned, its amazing really.  The owners have done a great job and are there every day.  Service is stellar, and the food is top of the charts, its a little pricey, but you get what you pay for at this joint.  Quality ingredients, Superb preparation, extensive details on each dishes presentation and a tasty finish.  I am hooked, I wish I could go more and slam my face into some killer carribbean grinds, its a little  fancy for some tastes, but overall, I think everyone should be able to find a home run here.  I love the salads, Ahi Tuna particularly, but everything is good.  5 STAR STUFF HERE!  as Daniel Tosh says at the end of his disclaimer...ENJOY!
The food here is absolutely incredible, we felt like it was a fluke the first time we came, but after 3 visits, it is consistently more than impressive!

The environment is ok, it's an artsy unique feel, it's cool but for some reason doesn't feel congruent. The staff is ok, hosts have always been nice, wait staff is either really service oriented, nor non-chalant.

BUT, the food makes up for any other short coming!
Their food is amazing and their service rocks! Wish they had a location in Henderson. ;)
Great Place for food ! I take clients for dinner at DW when we close on their homes ! Congrats to all those in south Summerlin I have worked with  and welcome to my neighborhood!
The service was impeccable. The staff and server were pleasant and accommodating. The food itself is a fusion of Caribbean as well as New Mexican cuisine. The dishes were decent and very unique. For example, the calamari here isn't served as what you are use to traditionally, instead it's smothered in a jerk sauce, a little too flavorful for my taste. The cous cous salad is ok nothing too special. The lamb chops were cooked nicely and beautifully presented. The sliders for me personally were the stars of the evening. I'm hoping to try the brunch soon!
I hung out with them at land rover Las Vegas at a wonderful event where they where showing there support.....
Models for mutts ASPCA event..... 

If you are craving jerk flavor with a twist take the time to check them out!....

The Red velvet cake is awesome:)
We were lucky enough to spend time off the strip for our vacation last October, and a friend who lives nearby recommended DW Bistro, and we were in love!

Being foodies from PDX, we considered this place to be absolutely fantastic, rivaling and topping a lot of breakfast restaurants here. From the coffee to the Cuban Benedict, to the most fabulous carrot cake.  Each bite was savored for the beautiful flavors on the tongue, and sadness abounded after the last bite.  

The service was attentive and wonderful, I was sad that we could not make it out there a second time before we left.
Yay DW!! Fun, cutting edge food, great drinks and friendly neighborhood service that locals love. My suggestions..try one of their fruit infusion cocktails paired with a DW bowl..YUM! Make sure to make reservations for brunch though!
We came on a Saturday morning about 10 minutes before opening and a line was already forming at the door. The staff was friendly, greeting regulars and it was nice to see couples with babies in tow. It looks like a classy place but was super kid friendly without being overwhelming. The owner even tried to get my toddler to dance. The food was superb. I ordered the Challah French Toast with both strawberries and sautéed bananas. It was an impressive plate and my only complaint was that it needed a reprieve from the sweetness like a small side of hashbrowns or bacon (or a kosher alternative). My daughter loved mixing in berries, raisins, almonds, brown sugar, and toasted coconut into her oatmeal. All came on the side so we could add as much or as little as we wanted. My husband was a little disappointed with the chicken and waffles. The chicken wasn't crispy enough for him and could have used more syrup to cut the heat (It was a tad spicy in addition to temperature). To me, there was an unpleasant aftertaste to them that he said was reduced when he poured honey on them from packets on the table. It was pricey and I can't say everything was worth the money but I would go back for the ambiance.
The location is modern and airy. It was a nice day so we sat on the patio. Our waiter was very friendly and accommodating. First, it was windy so he moved is to a table that was out of the wind, next he brought out my toddlers food before the rest was ready and then at the end of the meal he brought her some berries since she couldn't have the hard candy offered at the end. He went the extra mile to make sure we enjoyed out meal. I had a turkey burger with chutney. It was spicy but the flavor was great. The lemonade was a bit too tart for me. The chicken curry was also very good.
I've never had a bad experience here. The service is always excellent, and the food is some of my favorite in Vegas. 

If you're interested in cocktails, they have some unique ones made with fruit-infused alcohol. 

My favorite soup I've ever had is here: the Jamaican chicken curry soup. It's a neon green like teenage mutant ninja turtle ooze, but has consistently had a perfect flavor.
The workers are so nice here and very attentive. I ordered the jerk pork hash and it was good, a bit dry but still had very good flavors. I came with my family so we also ordered the DW pastry basket and it was so yummy. The bread itself is light and fluffy and add it with chocolate and blueberry. It just made it even better!
This place is AMAZING!! Atmosphere was great, very hospitable people. My friends and I wanted to try something new and ended up here. The food is delicious, a bit spicy, but its mouth watering. Definitely a great restaurant to visit.
AMAZING customer service. I think other than the taste and quality of food, customer service is extremely important. I have heard great things about DW Bistro and how it's always packed but maybe I went on an off night (not complaining). 

I went on a Friday night with a friend and it wasn't that busy, which was awesome (no lines, no wait)! The hostesses greeted and seated us promptly. Waters were refilled constantly. The food is delicious and the portions are big!!! I was so surprised when my jerk fried chicken came out. I couldn't even finish it. Also the red velvet cake is the best I've ever had. It had a coconut cream cheese frosting and white chocolate on top. YUMM! My friend had the shark (it was a daily special) and that was scrumptious as well. Our server was Travis I believe and he is sooooo nice and so knowledgable about the menu. If you get him you are in for a treat! 

Tasty and unique menu, great atmosphere, impeccable customer service. Will definitely be back :)
I spent 4 days in Vegas and so far I've found that these little places outside of the strip are cheaper, the service is better and the food is outstanding. This place has great food I recommend getting one of the specials or the jerk chicken salad. They have a decent selection of beer. Overall I'm very impressed and would highly recommend this place for anyone looking for affordable and quality food!
Caribbean cuisine at its finest.

The wait time after order was taking a bit long, but our waiter apologized and gave us free white chocolate blueberry scone with house jam and butter. And that was impressive - I discovered that I like moist scones better. That was a good start!

* New Mexical-style Slow-cooked Pork Bowl - Bomb!
* Eggs Benedict with Ham - Thickness of the ham is perfect.
* Jerk Fried Chicken and Waffles - Didn't like much. Jerk Chicken doesn't need to be fried and syrup was typical sweetener, not quality maple syrup.

Overall, great quality of food and service.
DW Bistro is one of my favorite places to brunch. Working in industry I love recommending hidden gems in the Valley. There were three of us calling ahead to check when their last seating was and they told us to be there before 2 and we made it by 1:45. When we arrived we were coldly greeted and told there was no more seating for the day. We were taken back seeing as we just talked to them 10 minutes prior. It has changed how I feel about one of our favorite places, now we are taking our business to Honey Salt.
Some good friends of ours recommended that we should try out DW Bistro. Although it's on the other side of town from where we live, it was very worth the drive over there. 

We were greeted by a very friendly hostess who showed us to our table. It was a beautiful spring day so we, like the rest of that nights guests, sat outside on the porch - which was really cozy. The inside was really nice too, so when the summer heats up it will still be a very nice place to visit. 

Our waiter, upon hearing that this was our very first visit to DW Bistro, took very good care of us. He gave us his recommendations, and if we had any questions about the menu, he patiently explained them to us. 

We ended up trying the jerk fried calamari for an appetizer (1/2 portion was more than enough for two), and then went for the New Mexican slow pork and pork jerk shoulder. They were both very tasty, but our favorite was the New Mexican bowl. The portions were huge, and we brought home plenty of leftovers for the next day. 

When we had if shied the waiter brought us a complimentary carrot cake since this was our first visit. We will definitely come back for more!
Amazing! Chiliquiles are heavenly. Jerk chicken and waffles are a no brainer. Bacon bloody marys are delicious!
Went to DW Bistro for a late lunch. Our server was very friendly and prompt. I remember the Bloody Mary being more flavorful than what we got, so bummer on that. But, the food....OMG the food!!!! The food here is incredible. I got the vegetable curry over couscous. I rarely order vegetarian but thought I'd go for it. And I am so glad I did. This is a real contender for my favorite dish in the history of ever! The curry was perfectly flavored and the mix of different veggies (heavy on the mushrooms...yay!) far exceeded my expectations. So good!

The BF ordered one of the daily specials: bowtie pasta in a marsala sauce with chicken. He loved the dish! The bite he allowed me to have was seriously good eats.
 
Glad we beat the crowds as this place tends to get quite packed. But once you taste the food, you'll understand why. Would highly recommend!
Try this place for the first time today, it was very good, with very good flavor. I had the turkey panini, with roasted red peppers and sweet potato fries. I will definitely be eating here again, and the prices are reasonable also.
Second time having lunch here, really good food, great guest service. I know if a few restaurants that could use a lesson from the ownership here. Can't wait for next location to open. Keep up the great work
After trying their chicken flautas and various other dishes at a charity event I wanted to give them a try. 

I came here with my cousin and he ordered the chilaquiles and I ordered the turkey burger with their house salad. We also ordered a white chocolate blueberry scone because I am always intrigued by places that make their scones in house. The scone was made well but it was a bit too sweet with the white chocolate, the powdered sugar on top, and then also with the sweet berry jam it came with. Our entrees were brought out very quickly despite every table in the restaurant being full. I enjoyed my turkey burger but once again it was too sweet. The chutney was good but their was too much of it and the raisins were unnecessary. The house salad was spot on and I wished I had a little more of it. My cousin said his chilaquiles were average even though it was recommended to us as one of their house specialities. I was impressed by the taste of the food and how quickly they were able to put food out with the amount of people in the restaurant.
This place is amazing!  Mom daughter date so we just tried a little of everything...definitely will be going back!  Quick little tip though...Get there 15 minutes before opens at 11 weekdays and your lunch will be pretty quiet...Fills up fast and noisy inside.  We sat outside and it was great!  
BTW...The staff is so attentive and nice!
We came here about a week ago and I still have this place on my mind. At the time my boyfriend wasn't able to eat gluten for a little while and the waiter was super helpful and nice to talk to. So we both ended up getting the specials of the day. His was a rib-eye steak with scallops and asparagus and I got the fish of the day which was an Atlantic cod over rice and vegetables. Oh my goodness, so delicious! I'm pretty sure it was the first time my boyfriend and I didn't have any leftovers to take home :)

For dessert, he decided to get the lemon pudding because of the gluten thing and it was sooo delicious. It comes with dark and white chocolate truffles and fresh berries. I got the carrot cake which was really great. They say that it's a home recipe and I savored every bite. Oh and be sure to try the tea they have. I regret that I don't remember what kind of tea it was but I'll check when we go back. 

This place is definitely a little more pricey than we're used to but it was completely worth every penny. The food was fantastic, I loved chatting with our server, there was very little wait time for everything, and it's so comfortable there. If you get a chance, eat outside!
My friend and I had the lunch specials. mine was filet bowl with a spicy sauce. My friend got a filet sandwich. Both were very good. We then had dessert, I had the carrot cake and he had the red velvet cake.
Our waiter was Nick, he was a really good waiter, nice and when we had questions he was able to answer them.
My team left the strip to dine here, and support a locally owned restaurant.  Yelp! Reviews were right, this place is fantastic.   Little on the spicy side, but they do offer no spice options.  

Drinks were awesome

Dinner was awesome 

Dessert was awesome
I'm no Shakespeare so I'll keep it short.
Great food and beautiful patrons. It's obvious why this place is so popular.
Amazing atmosphere! Love the cocktails and the truffle bacon mushrooms mac and cheese is amazing
Love our neighborhood locale! My family has frequented DW since it first opened several years ago. We eat there as a family, enjoy date nights there, meet friends &/or business associates at DW, and enjoy takeout, typically on a two-thrice monthly basis. The atmosphere is relaxed & bright (love the orange & white motif), the service friendly & timely, and most importantly, the food phenomenal and unique. We feel at home whenever we go as the staff is welcoming & accommodating to our ever changing requests. Overall, a superb & much appreciated change for Las Vegas!!
There is one reason why I gave this place the extra star, the food here is excellent, although I do suggest getting it to go due to the lack of good service. But I'd rather spend my money elsewhere where the business cares about the customer, afterall we are the reason they stay open. 
Waiters/waitresses need to know their boundaries as to what type of remarks to have to say to their guests. Obviously in this atmosphere neither their front of house staff nor the owner cares what we think of how they treat us. I had invited my best friend here for a lovely lunch and instead had an overall bad experience. We were very disappointed in the service and how the owner handled it...
I just won't be returning.
Amazing casual bistro. I was told that the Exec Chef is Jamaican & raised in New Mexico -- which explains the wonderful SW/Caribe flavor fusion. Outstanding food, reasonably priced (about $12/lunch & $16/dinner) w/ample portions. Slow-cookd New Mexican Pork is amazing as were other dishes we tried. The Standout is the Jamaican Carrot cake. It's  PERFECT. Not too sweet, chewy w/ coconut, pineapple & carrots w/ light as a feather cream cheese/white chocolate frosting. This place is a Vegas gem. In addition the staff was incredibly friendly, knowledgable, and attentive. I think this is the first restaurant I've dined in where every staff person I encountered seemed to love their job, and sang the praises of the food, the owners, and the chefs. I most definitely got a very positive vibe from my visit and that is not always plentiful in this biz --- especially partnered with incredible, affordable food. A definite must for those who want to avoid the glitz of the strip and tire of hotel dining... Do not leave without trying the carrot cake... It would be an epic mistake!
Dine here at tuesday lunch time. Atmosphere very modern nice. Menu wise very simple and straight forward. We order chicken salad, spinach appetizer, jamaican chicken curry. Salad & appetizer was tasty and delicious. But curry wasn't taste good as what I was expected which I eat one scoop and my wife had one. I was wondering the vegetables were not fully cooked on curry and chicken was not seasoned well (salt&pepper?). Im giving 3 stars becuz of service. Restaurant seems new management which they doesn't seem organized.... However, I would come back if management settle down a bit or probably iy was slow on lunch so they went slow down?
This is my go to place in Las Vegas and has been for several years.  We eat here a few times a month and have never been disappointed.  The service is always great! 
For starters we always order the calamari.  I have never even liked calamari until I tried it here. It is a little spicy and sweet.  I just can't stop eating it. (As a tip, this does heat up nicely in the microwave the next day so we always order the full size instead of the half and take the extra home. I even ate it with scrambled eggs for breakfast one time and loved it!)
I love the infused vodkas and rum that they offer.  This varies seasonally.  There is usually my favorite, the triple berry.  At times, my waiter will suggest blending 2 different fusions for a nice surprise.  Yummy and strong martinis.
My meal is usually the salmon with rice and veggies. The fish is not fishy or spicy at all.  It is so tender, juicy and full of flavor.  I just love the seasoned veggies so much that many times, I will skip the rice and ask for double veggies. 
My son usually orders the special of the day.  I don't believe that he has ever ordered from the menu.  The special does not disappoint. The best were the pork chops.  If you are there when that is the special, you have go to order it! Many of the specials are spicy. If you don't like spicy food, just let your waiter know. They can adjust that in most meals.
I recently sampled the oxtail from a friends plate.  It was very good.  It just melted in my mouth.  It was paired with garlic mashed and veggies which were also delicious. No spice, just full flavor.
Dessert is always required for me at DW.  My personal favorites are the carrot cake and lime pudding.  The carrot cake is island style with coconut and macadamia nuts.  OMG! The lime pudding is unlike any that I have had before.  It is Dalton's secret award winning recipe.  It is light and refreshing and served with fresh berries.  The portion is just enough to be shared.  You will want to savor every bite of this.
JERK!  

Yes, the flavor of Jamaica. It's in 30 percent of the menu.  That said, what's a group of hungry, foodie poker grinders to do?  Order every "jerk" dish of course.

Side note:  this is not a Jamaican restaurant rather a contemporary neighborhood bistro.  Large portions, good prices, and friendly off Strip service.  Hits and misses on flavor and preparation but overall a great value.

The jerk seasoning, a good spice blend with pronounced allspice flavor that lacks the fiery scotch bonnet peppers heat and floral pepper taste.  Sadly it results in an earthy taste not often complimented by the other ingredients.

The run down:

Jerk oven roasted baby back ribs with grilled pineapple and a buttermilk ranch sauce - Tender but very earthy in flavor.  The pineapple provides much needed acidity.

Jerk fried calamari with a sweet chili glaze - Pass.  Oily, soggy, and a sticky mess.

Couscous salad with jerk seared ahi seasoned with a herbaceous pesto, heirloom tomatoes, goat cheese and a hint of truffle oil is refreshing but the fish is previously frozen.  All good, it's natural flavor is obliterated by the seasoning.

DW fried chicken with cornbread and a jerk cream gravy - Southern cooking taken a little too far south.  Jerk seasoning has a burnt, dirt taste once deep fried.  Flabby dish.

Jerk lamb chops - Excellent.  Cooked to temperature.  The jerk seasoning enhances the natural game and mineral flavor of the lamb.

Jerk filet - Very good.  Like the lamb, cooked to temperature while the seasoning enhances the mineral flavor of the beef.

Jerk chicken breast - Flavorful but slightly dry.  The orange glaze does not pair well.

Overall, a solid neighborhood bistro with a twist.
Absolutely love the menu selection, Jamaica meets Mexico contemporary flair here and my personal fav is the jerk filet. Nice comfortable atmosphere perfect to dine with family or friends, or just to grab one of the mojitos filled with fruits and bursting flavor.

Assigned four stars due to some service issues, but not a let down when the rest is just perfect! Cannot wait to return again soon!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(172/365) "Lured By Patron"

So we finally decided to give DW Bistro one more try for Marie's birthday a while back, again for Sunday Brunch and totally pushing my first visit experience aside, Wifey ordered the special Jerk Chicken Benedict and I went for the New Mexican Slow Cooked Pork Bowl.

The Jerk spices on the chicken got a little tiring with more bites, and the dry cornbread and soft boiled(again, not correctly poached) egg didn't make this dish any better. The pork bowl was huge in potion size, kinda like a Caribbean style loco-moco, full of spice, but lacking salt. I actually had to ask for the salt shaker and I'm not one to sprinkle additional salt on my food! 

Unfortunately, the company we had was much better than the food we ordered, and we had such a blast that our noise level got up to 100 decibels(yup,someone broke out a decibel meter on their smartphone!) and after 3 hours we got the boot. How?
Our waiter tells us "My boss would like to offer you guys free Patron shots....out on the patio. Nice way of freeing up the tables...great, more alcohol knowing that a few people in our party were already plastered from unlimited mimosas inside. I just hope one of DW Bistro's guests don't cause an accident or fatality on the road. ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uu  2.5
The best Chicken and Waffles I've ever tasted!

The jerked rub on the chicken is great. But the spiced clove and Meyer's rum infused maple syrup puts it over the top. Too bad the waffles aren't crispy as described on the menu or these guys would have 5 stars. The staff was totally on it!  They must have filled our ice tea and water 8 times while we were there. And sitting outside in the Vegas summer heat, this was awesome!

Tip: for brunch, go on Saturday morning if at all possible to avoid the line around the corner on Sundays.
Tucked away right next to Family Dollar, this newly established little Caribbean bistro is a surprisingly good find! Although it looks rather basic at first glance, the staff is incredibly welcoming and personable. Kim is a very sweet waitress who genuinely cares, and was a pleasure to talk to during our visit.

The menu had just enough choices, including pancakes for breakfast, sandwiches, jerk chicken dishes, and fried fish, just to name a few. The TV wasn't too loud, and the music was very laid back and enjoyable without being overbearing or distracting. 

My girlfriend had a turkey sandwich (served with delicious fries!) and a side salad, while I had fried tilapia served with rice and red beans, with mixed veggies. There were very many interesting drinks on the menu (I seem to recall some kind of Jamaican soda, for example.), but I stuck with what I knew and just ordered a bottled coca-cola. I'm very interested in trying one of those other drinks next time though!

The food was cooked fresh to order, and my fish was piping hot when it was served! To say it was impressive would be an understatement, for it tasted absolutely delicious for only being a $10.00 or so dish. It was very filling, and had a wonderful "home-cooked" feeling, while being a somewhat fresh experience at the same time. Although we couldn't finish it all, we were more than happy to take the rest home with us! Also, as a side note, this place has some rather nice ranch sauce. :p

Overall, Coconut Bistro was a refreshing and joyful eating experience, and it was easy on the wallet as well! We felt like family the entire time, and we'll be more than happy to visit again soon. I HIGHLY recommend this place if you're looking for a highly delicious, highly affordable meal. My girlfriend and I are looking forward to visiting again and enjoying this taste of the Caribbean, and we can't wait to try something else on the menu! 

5/5. Go for it!
Very casual restaurant with great food.  The jerk chicken was amazing!
Plantains, chicken curry, rice & peas, veggies = a great lunch, took more home for dinner. Flavors were amazing.

Small, locally owned. Excellent value for the price
Tried the goat curry this time. It was tasty but I like the chicken curry better. The rice and peas and the plantains were still very, very yummy.
Wish I lived closer and could frequent more often! The owner is very friendly (offered us more of the sauteed veggies side if we wanted, which we took him up on!) and all the food was really tasty. 

I really enjoyed the Jamaican Ginger Beer (a ginger-flavored soda - I recommend it!) and the red stew chicken. The goat and chicken curry were also delicious. Everything was fresh and tasty and we also had a restaurant.com coupon so it turned out to be a great deal too!
is this place still in business? as I called today and got disconnected recording?
Oxtail stew, curry chicken, and plantains.  Wow - great flavors!  The side plate came with rice/beans, corn muffin, and an extremely tasty cabbage vegetable mix.  Ordered some extra veggies to go.  Left stuffed and satisfied.  It was sad to see this place empty - please support them!
This place does "Authentic Jamaican Food", just like their card says. They have sides like Fried Plantains and Dumplings as well as others on availability. This food reminds me of a food stand back on my home island. So far some of the best Jerk Chicken I have had in Las Vegas. Some days are better than others, but for the most part nice tender, moist chicken with lots if flavor. Since it hasn't been open too long, the inconsistency is forgivable. Not all the menu items are available at the moment but the signature Jerk Chicken and the Curry are available. The Ribs, which i have yet to try, are only available in the late afternoon for now and a good portion of the menu is still being incorporated into the daily menu but if you are looking for some good Jamaican food, particularly the Jerk Chicken, then look no further.

They have a nice variety of Jamaican drinks too like Peanut Punch and Irish Moss. I reminisce on blending some Guinness and peanut. Give them a try, I like a little soy milk to lighten up the viscosity.

The staff is friendly and know about the food. Typical Marley decor but with slightly better music than the average Jamaican joint. There are a couple of tables and bar seating.. I'll be revising this review as I work my way through the menu. Overall a good place to get some good Jerk Chicken.
Been here a few times since my last review and the food has been consistently good, so I think that deserves a star upgrade and I now think this place has the best Jerk Chicken in Las Vegas. The Curry is nice and the Meat Pies have a good spicy bite to them. Of course I'll be back.
Very good Jerk Chicken. Try it with Ginger Beer, a nonalcoholic drink that's better than ginger ale.
Had the Jerk Chicken and my friend had the beef patties.  Food was really good and the owner is a really nice lady.  She's opening a great rental hall for parties next door.
I stopped in here on a Thursday night around 8pm. I was drawn in by the sandwich board sign that had all sorts of good dishes listed. The restaurant was much bigger on the inside than expected and it was brightly lit, colorful and welcoming.

However, when I opened the door, I only saw 4 people sitting at a circular table towards the middle/ back of restaurant. I wasn't sure if they were customers or people who worked there. They didn't acknowledge my presence so I waved a little and asked, "Are you open?"

Someone answered, "Yes," but they all continued to sit there. Talking amongst themselves. Were they playing cards? Having a staff meeting? I don't know, but it was bad customer service to not get up and show us a table or at least smile and stand up.

My friend an I picked a table and went to sit.
Menus appeared but no drinks were offered.
The four of them continued to sit at the table.
It looked like one of them was folding menus.
Maybe the other 3 people were friends visiting the restaurant.
Maybe not.

But a customer standing in front of you takes priority over folding menus and chatting amongst yourselves.

The menu choices looked good. It's too bad I didn't have a server to come talk to us and keep our interest. My friend and I took this bad start as an omen to bad service for the whole meal and we got up and left.

Service at a restaurant is nearly as important as the food. Nothing makes food taste worse than bad service. And you can be sure, a customer won't come back if bad service was given and no amends were made to make it better. Worse yet, a customer will give a bad review and tell their friends the service sucked.

As much as I would give this place a one-star, I respect the fact that this is a "mom & pop" kind of place, I'm not trying to drop their business. However, these folks need to know because of my experience, if someone told me the food was awesome here, I'd have to follow up with my personal experience outlined in this review.
I don't usually write reviews, but I just had to this time.  I love Jerk Chicken, and when I moved to Las Vegas five years ago-I'd given up and just felt that I'd never again eat good Jerk chicken as long as I was in town.  Well, one day I decided to try House of Flav, but when I heard the Reggae music and smelled the grilled food next door, needless to say, I had to try it.  I've been back numerous times since then, and each time the food was excellent!  They cook it fresh to order, and the atmosphere transports you to Jamaica!  It's definitely worth trying.
This place is not what I expected it to be, but I will confess that the food is good. Tucked in the corner of a plaza, right next to the House of Flavor, you'll notice that this restaurant must have been a former office of some sort. The kitchen? Located in the back of the plaza which I assume they smoke or grill in an actual BBQ grill which they make as you order. 

At night it turns into a Jamaican nightclub or chill spot where you can listen to reggae all night. They even have a VIP SECTION (which is basically your mom's dining table that seats 8). Their counter consisted of a foldout table with a basic cash register, microwave, and rice cooker. 

Anyway, I ordered the jerk chicken which comes with a small salad and fried plantains. I also ordered a side of festivals and beef patties. The jerk chicken was delish! Tender meat and right amount of flavor and spice (however jerk chicken is naturally spicy for me all together). The salad is basically your typical pre-made iceberg lettuce mix. My personal favorite was the beef patties and the festivals! The beef patties are REALLY spicy I had to keep watering it down with water but it's good that way. The festivals are these fried sugar powdered donuts. More fried than doughy which was sssssoooo good. I can't deny that I kept wanting more and was so sad when I came to the end of my helping.

Place is a-ok. I might not come by to eat at the establishment, but I may come to order take out. I probably won't go out of my way for it though. If you ask me, I think this place would make an awesome food truck business!
Our family was led to the Jammin' Jerk Hut by a Restaurant.com coupon.  The location is at the very end of a strip mall circa early 1980s, which is completely vacant, save for the very last three storefronts:  the Jammin Jerk Hut; the next-door storefront, which is Flavor Flav's House of Flavor; and the room on the other side, from which we could hear live reggae music being played.  I like reggae, but I was a bit concerned because my daughter is very sensitive to loud music and other noises.

We entered the restaurant to find two people inside, one of whom apparently is the proprietor, and the other seemed to be a friend of his.  Interestingly, you could barely hear the music once inside.

The atmosphere is pretty nice for a small ethnic restaurant.  It had interesting wicker furniture and art, and the room is painted bright colors.  There was a documentary movie about Bob Marley and the Wailers playing on the TV.

We chose a booth and sat down.  The proprietor came over to ask us if we wanted anything to drink.  We ordered water.  He asked what type of bottle.  I asked for tap water.  It was 114 degrees in Las Vegas that day. 

"We don't have tap water," was the reply.

I reluctantly ordered a large bottle of Perrier water, not knowing how much it would cost.  He touted the homemade Jamaican juices, so I ordered my daughter a pineapple-tamarind juice for a steep $4.99.

After several minutes, he returned with drinks and we ordered.  We were interested in the curry shrimp, and my daughter was excited to see dumplings.  They were out of both.  

I asked what kind of fish the fish was, and he said he had tilapia and butterfish.  We settled on jerk chicken and steamed butterfish.  My daughter also got a Jamaican beef patty.

Then we waited, and waited.  He was cooking himself and was busy with that back in the kitchen, or maybe he was grilling outside.

Meanwhile another woman entered.  She asked us at one point if we had ordered, but otherwise appeared busy with other things, and then not so busy, but did not come back to check on us.

After at least 20 minutes, by which time our kids were very cranky, he brought some plantains in tinfoil, some jerk rice in a styrofoam container, and the jamaican meat patty on a ceramic plate, along with four small plastic forks wrapped in paper napkins.

I asked him if he could bring any more plates, pointing to the ceramic plate.  He muttered something like "we don't usually do that" and left.

The plantains were very good, although not quite hot.  The rice was good.  The meat patty ($2.59) was delicious.  It is very similar to an empanada, with a slightly spicy ground beef filling, but not too spicy for my daughter.  She was very happy with it.  

About 10 minutes later, he brought the jerk chicken and fish, on ceramic plates.

My wife thought the jerk chicken (about $11) was ok, but I thought it was excellent, as was the potato salad and rice on the side.  The side green salad was fresh and good, although there was no dressing.  I don't know if this was by design or by accident, but this dinner was already a big hassle and we didn't want to wait another half hour for dressing.

There was nothing wrong with the way the fish (about $19) was prepared, steamed with onions, carrots, potatoes, and seasonings, and it was definitely fresh, but it wasn't really my thing.  However, I'm pretty sure he brought me the tilapia because it didn't taste like butterfish.  It also came with excellent potato salad, green salad, and rice.  It seemed expensive for what it was.

To summarize, the food was good, but the service was quite possibly the worst service I have ever experienced in a restaurant, anywhere.  I don't usually care so much about service, but it really needs to meet a minimum level, which this didn't.  Also, as long as I am in a fully developed country and paying first-world prices, I don't appreciate not having the option of ordering tap water.  

After a few attempts of ringing us up, the total was about $53, less a $15 coupon, for a net of $38.  Even with the coupon, it felt a bit expensive. I'm glad they didn't remember to add the standard 18% tip associated with a restaurant.com coupon because they certainly didn't deserve one.  

I gave him my credit card and he disapppeared briefly.  My wife was outside and she later told me she saw him in Flavor Flav's.  Apparently they share a credit card reader.

From reading other reviews, apparently this place previously was a take-out only establishment.  It would behoove both the owners and customers to go back to being take-out only.  This would relieve them of the burden of service.   I would order the jerk chicken and meat patty again, but only by phoning in a take-out order.   

Or even better, why not sell the jerk chicken at a table at a farmer's market or swap meet, so they could just focus on one item without running out of things.  I'm sure they would do very well and have many happy customers.
This place was the worst Jamaican restaurant ever. To start, I bought a groupon for this place, which was spend $10 get half off. The young man working the register said he didn't know what it was then in the next breath he stated you get smaller portions if you use it. The next is the selections of drinks were limited and not only that it was 4.00 for a small drink. I ask for a cup of water and he said all he has is tap water and he doesnt want to serve that. Also it states on a sign outside that if you spend $20.00 you get a free bowl of soup. They never even mentioned it my party. Last the sitting was horrible. There is enough room for a party of 4. Like I stated before I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I wouldn't consider this authentic Jamaican food.
Very comfy and casual establishment.  Friendly service that makes you want to return daily.

The food was delicious with hearty portions.  I had the oxtail and jerk chicken dinner plate and it was fantastic!  The oxtails were soooo tender and seasoned heavily and to perfection.  The jerk chicken was fresh off the grill and reminded me of sandy Carribean beaches where I have enjoyed mouth watering cuisine like this before.  Washed it all dow with a bottle of refreshing Ting.

I will certainly be back, and will drag everyone I know along for some good eats.

Great job guys!  Thanks for keeping it authentic!
Delicious food, nice atmosphere, friendly service, and cool music.  What else can you ask for.

My friend brought me here to try authentic Jamaican food he spends a lot of time there and he said this place was the real deal.  I ordered their signature dish the Jerk Chicken and it was very tasty.  The dinner came with a red beans and rice, coleslaw, and fried plantains.  My friend had the curry chicken and it was also very good.  To drink we had pineapple sodas, and we started with meat patties also very good.

Erica the lady who took care of us told us they also have live music on certain nights.  Will definitely go back for some more good food and music!
Ok so was really hyped that there was a Jamaican restaurant in Vegas so decided to check this place out. First off we walk in and its dark and two people sitting at bar and another lady sitting at a table, she acknowledge us after I said "do we just sit anywhere." After that another lady came out and we got served rather fast, which was nice. We had the chicken foot soup which was great. Then we ordered the oxtail with rice and peas and plantain and my daughter was talked into getting the fish. This is where it starts going down hill. The rice and peas tasted as if it was old and the oxtail was just ok and was missing the butter beans. Then my daughter's dish was $18 and I noticed that she got half of the fish while the server was eating the other half. I could be wrong but my daughter got the tail end of the fish and the server was eating the head portion of it in her dinner. Then after we finished our soda's we wanted some water and was given bottled water which ran $1.99 a piece, now I see in Vegas that you can go to the store and get a 24 pack of water for $2.99 or less so I felt a little ripped off. Our bill ran over $100 for all 4 people. Very disappointed since my family is Jamaican and I know how the food is really suppose to taste. I have had better and only the soup was worth going back for. Probably wont go back if I am ever in Vegas again.
Showed up here about 30 mins before close, ordered their amazing fruity rum drink, and oxtails and jerk chicken to go.  The prices matched the quality of food and portion size.  Our to-go boxes were filled to the top with meat, salad and beans & rice.  We had never had oxtails, but they were delicious!  The jerk was seasoned well but not crazy spicy.  Glad I bumped into that nice Jamaican guy who told me about this place!  Everyone there was friendly, they invited us back for karaoke night and they let us split the drink into two cups so we didn't get too tipsy from the strong Jamaican rum!  I will definitely be back!  Super nice people, chill atmosphere.

There's a soul food place next door and they share the kitchen with them, fyi
I can't believe this place is open. First we walk in and it's empty except for a lady who seems to work there but we're not quite sure because she didn't acknowledge us until we randomly chose a table and sat after a minute of standing around. Then we sat for a few minutes and then she got on the phone and continued to ignore us. I wish I could say the food is amazing but we left because the whole experience was just awkward.
Came her for authentic Jamaican food and that's what we had. Delicious jerk chicken and rum punch. The restaurant is re-concepting as a lounge that opens from 3pm until..Unless you're going in the evening, you may want to stick to take out orders cause it's pretty empty like another reviewer mentioned.
This is a horrible establishment no customer service what so ever they gave me no sauce for my chicken it was dry now u know jerk chicken taste different without the sauce the lady was rude and they have bugs roaches crawling around so I advise u to just stay away from this place it's in the ghetto u may even get robbed located in a drug dealer area I even smelled weed in the resturant this place is a shit hole they took my money and never gave me my change they are thieves and come to find out they aint even Jamaican STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. the tall light skin lady who is the owner has her workers living in the restaurant. Worse experience i ever had in my life we want her business out our neighborhood
1st time having Jamaican food... Must say it was delicious. The atmosphere is real laid back... Small establishment. Owner says they are in transition, looking to bring more Caribbean flavor to Las Vegas. I had the curry chicken and it blew my mind... Such flavor and the chicken was very tender. The curry sauce over the rice & peas took it over the top. Over look the sketchy decor and do yourself a favor and get some of that chicken... You won't be disappointed!!
This place is a small hole in the wall, but wasn't too hard to find.  My girlfriend got the jerk chicken and she said it was okay.  The meat pie was tasty, I still crave this like crazy.  I'm giving this place two stars because of their awful customer service. I tipped them since the woman who took my order was very nice, but the two guys who worked there looked at me and didn't say anything.  I expect at least a thank you, because I tip isn't necessary or required.  When I entered I didn't get greeted, when leaving I didn't get a have a nice day.  I actually had to speak first and say that I ordered for takeout.  Customer service is a big deal and when an establishment lacks it, I usually won't return even if the food is good.   So I give 2 stars for the meat pie, fix the service and work on the jerk chicken.
Great up and coming restaurant. Had the curried goat and it was marvelous. The cow foot soup really calmed the stomach. My wife had the oxtail and the cut was top class. It wasn't too fatty. She mentioned it was a little salty and need a little sugar but otherwise well done.
First time at this restaurant after trying Nasty Island aka Tasty Island. This food is much better and cheaper. It looks and taste like real Jamaican food and is very flavorful. There is not a large selection of drinks, I wanted a carrot juice but they did not have any left. I ordered the curry chicken with rice an peas, salad, and plantains. I got potato salad as well as regular cabbage salad. I did not get the curry that I ordered I instead got stew chicken. Not too upset because it still tasted good.                                                      I did not like the fact that you are charged $2 if you use a credit card and your bill is not over $20. Most places just have a $5 or $10 minimum for cards. But next time I will bring cash. I will definitely try this restaurant again, and up up my rating if needed. Still not better than my moms cooking though :)
Meat patties are from the Dollar Tree store down the street. The lady served it to us right out of the microwave, still in the paper wrap. Never again!
Tried it again and was disappointed. Microwaved patties...YUCK! I cant really remember what I had the second time. I am no chef but my food tastes better, sorry. This place is still better than Tasty Island though. 

Even though serviced and food sucked the second time , decided to return again because I was being lazy in not wanting to cook, but guess what THE RESTAURANT IS NOW CLOSED DOWN...but I am not surprised. Places like this usually do not last long. Food is not consistent and service can suck.
Can I just say I hope this place actually last-My man loves oxtail and after making our way to Mrs. Whites we both were highly disappointed. Now for Esther's the food was amazing-Oxtail, Red snapper, Jerk chicken and curry goat-All Amazing. Ordered the bread pudding but it wasn't ready :( Maybe next time. Good prices-$8-$12 with that you get rice, beans, steamed cabbage or potato salad. I can say this is the third restaurant in this location so I hope it last.
The best Jamaican food outside of Jamaica. I picked up both the oxtail meal and the curried goat meal. It's just me so my plan was to make it a Jamaican food weekend. Yesterday I had the curried goat and loved it. I can hardly wait to dive into the oxtails for dinner today.
great food great service and a great time love the ladies in this place
Located in an old strip mall at the Southeast 
corner of 51st avenue and Olive in the location
that used to house Restaurant 28 - I miss that
place because they had the best catfish in town.
Not just the catfish but the sauce that went over
it. But this is not about them. It's about the new
restaurant in it's place... So this place isn't much 
- it isn't really some place you come for ambience 
even though there are a few tables. They call it Food 
To Go for a reason. Went there recently and it was hot 
outside and they don't seem to worry about air conditioning
because it was rather hot in the dining/waiting area.
But that didn't matter. I was there to sample some
Jamaican food. What I DIDN'T know was that I was about
to discover Belizean food as well. Well, just one item
- the Belizean tamale. So what? Just a tamale. Haven't
you ever had a tamale before? Nope. NOT the same thing.
The Mexican style tamales I'm used to are smaller and
I can probably eat 5 or 6 of them in one sitting. This
thing was like holey moley! It was HUGE! The size of a
burrito at least. Heck this is an entire meal in itself.
The regular maize meal with recado roja - a quite spicy
and tasty paste. Inside of it they put a whole chicken
drumstick. That's the Belizean way. Yup. Good? Heck yeah.
Oh yeah. I also like their curried goat. They sell a huge
dinner plate for about 9 bucks. The potato salad that came
with the plate was delicious. So were the plantains and
rice that came with it. They have a little selection of
Jamaican grocery items at one side of the store that you
can browse while waiting for your meal to be made. Lots of
products by Grace - including the unfortunately named
cock-flavoured soup. Why couldn't they just call it Chicken?
But no matter. I bought a bunch of them for the next White
Elephant at my workplace. Makes a great gag gift (no pun
intended). Definitely will be back. Only gripe about this
place is their hours are more suited for a bank than a 
restaurant. You have to make it by 6 in order to get one
of their dinner takeout plates.
Amazing Jamaican food!!! Coming from the east coast my wife and I are used to having access to great Jamaican food locally, however after moving to the Phoenix area we haven't been able to find that great, home made, real deal Jamaican food. Not so anymore, we have found our spot! Our first visit today, we had ginger juice, oxtails, jerk chicken, curried chicken, Belizean tamale, and of course we had to get a patty and some Coco bread. Absolutely loved everything we had! Thank you Esther! We'll be back soon, and as often as possible!
Belizean tamales.... yum!   I grew up eating these in Belize... they are unlike Mexican tamales, and this is the only restaurant in Phoenix that offers them!  They've been open 2 years, but I only found out about them yesterday - here on Yelp.

We stopped in for a lunch take-out (there are a couple of tables in the place if you want to eat-in, but it's a pretty small place) and had the curried chicken, oxtail, and Belizean tamales (the beef patties were missing from my order).  Ester and her son are very friendly, and she spent a good 1/2 hr in the back preparing our food - which is a good sign (unlike another caribbean restaurant I reviewed which simply reheated old food in 5 minutes).

The tamales took me back to Belize... wish she had left the banana leaves on them for take-out so it wouldn't dry out as much during the trip home, but I could taste the flavor it imparted on the tamale despite the absence.  You get only the tamale alone (no sides or fixings), but one tamale is a meal in itself.  

The meals are substantial.... you get rice and beans, plantains, your protein of choice, and a salad (either potato or cabbage).  In our case, the curried chicken was great... moist, flavorful, and a reasonable amount for the price.  The oxtail was well cooked - it melted in your mouth - but the flavors were a bit mild - it could use a stronger flavor profile.  The rice-and-beans were Jamaican Style (which is a bit different from Belizean rice-and-beans), and well prepared.  Slightly dry, the rice absorbs the meat gravy quite well... yum!  The plantains were done well - it's hard to screw up plantains (although I've seen some places that managed to do just that - just not this place). 
The potato salad was packed with flavor; I preferred it over the cabbage salad.

For take-out, they would be better served to not put the cold salad in the same take-out container as the hot meal; by the time we got home, the potato salad was a bit warm.  Packing it separately would help - will need to ask them to do that next trip (yes, there will be more trips there!).

They have a little section where you can buy caribbean ingredients, and a fridge of drinks that include ginger beer (just what you need for this meal!).  

Their hours are funky; they close at 6p, which is awfully early for dinner service (even take-out!), and are closed on Sundays (misses the after-church crowd!)

I'd really like to give this place a 3.5 star rating, but alas, Yelp doesn't do 1/2 stars.  It's better than all the other Jamaican restaurants in Phoenix that we've tried to date and the Belizean tamales tip it towards the 4 rating instead of falling back to the 3 rating.  There are a few minor things they can improve (mentioned in this review) that could bump them to a higher rating, but the main key to success - good food and good value - are in place.  Next trip.... curried goat, cowfoot soup, and of course, more tamales....!  Yum!
This place is the spot. Will say that the peas and rice were a little over done but everything was still the bomb. I come from the east coast where jamaican good is authentic and something to look forward to. Until today I had only found 1 place that was good but it was what I call tippy jamaican. Not the home style way I had dinner tonight. The jerk chicken was killer the plantains absolutely mouth watering and washing it down with a kola champagne cola made me feel like I was back at the island.  I will be returning soon to grab a handful of meat patties that I wanted today but the customer behind me who was jamaican bought all 10 that were ready must mean they are as good as I hope they will be ill let the yelp world know tomorrow. Do yourself a favor if you like real jamaican try this spot... One
I paid about $10 for an oxtail meal and it had about 4 oxtail in the container. The gravy was flour-y and light brown. Disgusting food! I would never return! Try Caribbean Cuisine on 67th & Bethany Home.
Patties were good. I didn't have room in my stomach to try anything else. Small place. I'd go again.
Place was just OK, nothing to write home about, i had the jerk chicken rice & peas and steamed cabbage along with trying the belizean tamale. The chicken was tender and well seasoned, the rice & peas were overcooked and I wasn't sure what to expect with the tamale since this was my first time trying it but there was a full chicken leg inside it - bone and all...kind of weird but maybe that's the way it's suppose to be, also the breading was on the dry side I'm sure it was due to it not remaining wrapped in whatever it's orginally prepared in.

Miss Esther was nice enough.
I didn't give them 1 star because of the food. I have been wanting to try this place for a while. I work down the street from their location and I had been going to the Subway  that is across the parking lot from Esters, but recently me and my co-workers became ill from Subway's food so this was a perfect time to try Esters. Unfortunately they were closed. I arrived around 11:30 and they were locked up tight. Today is July 11th 2014. I know for a fact they were open 2 days ago. Maybe this is a fluke and they haven't closed forever.
We came with 6 people and the food and service was outstanding! We started with pepper soup and meat pies; both were delicious! The pepper soup comes with a habanero and you can choose to make the soup as spicy as you like. The goat and tripe in the soup were both perfectly cooked and the broth was divine. The meat pie dough was light and the filling was well seasoned. I had the cassava leaves for dinner and the dish was outstanding. I had it with the pounded yam which was light and rather fun to eat :) We also enjoyed the eugusi, jerk chicken, barbecue shrimp, and tomato stew; all were very well seasoned and delicious. We finished with the pof-pof for dessert and one order was more than enough for the 6 of us! They were balls of fried dough that was nicely spiced with a hint of nutmeg. 
We had a fantastic meal and the total bill was around $63 for 6 entrees, appetizers, and dessert. The owners were so kind and welcoming. You can tell that they love what they do and that love definitely comes across in the food. 
If you are in the Phoenix area, check out Fu-Fu; it's awesome!
After a long day of driving around Tonto National Forest, my fiance and I decided we wanted dinner...and wanted something different.  We were throwing ideas around, and he suggested African.  That was the beginning of a wonderful experience at Fu Fu Cuisine!  

We walked into the restaurant wanting some takeout.  It was early in the evening, and we were the only customers.  The interior of the restaurant was simple, straightforward, with some African art on the walls and some Nigerian pop music playing the background.  It felt comfortable and welcoming.  An African woman came out of the kitchen and greeted us warmly, introducing us to her menu and sticking around to explain dishes and to suggest good options.  

I went with the special for the day:  tomato stew with rice, and my fiance chose something that surprised the woman:  egusi.  She responded with a pleasantly surprised look and said, "You guys must have lived in Africa!"  Neither one of us had, but enjoyed trying different things, and the menu's description of the dish didn't turn us off.  Because we seemed like such adventurous eaters and since the restaurant wasn't busy, the woman was kind enough to give us a sample of the pepper soup, which she described as similar to menudo.  It was a very peppery soup, probably contained both black and white pepper, but it was also bursting with flavor from the spices.  She gave us some fresh made habanero pulp she probably made that day.  The soup had pieces of tender goat meat and delicious tripe.  I'll more than likely order this soup next time I go in.  

After about 15 minutes, she came out with our food, opening each container to identify the dishes we had ordered.  She was extremely grateful for our business.  She then introduced herself as the Esther whose name is all over the menu, chef and owner.  She had just opened the restaurant about 6 weeks ago, and we were happy to have tried this new little hidden gem.  

When we got home, we dove right into eating.  My tomato stew that contained chunks of goat meat was exactly what I wanted.  Tomato-y stew mixed with very fragrant spices and chunks of goat meat with white rice.  It was like soul food.  It reminded me of certain Indian dishes I had eaten.  As for the egusi, it was not as familiar.  It was on a very different flavor spectrum than my tomato stew.  The flavor is actually very difficult to describe; it's something you'll just have to try.  I stuck to my tomato stew, whereas my fiance ate his egusi contently, especially with the pounded yam, which tasted very similar to a very thick, well formed mashed potato.  It worked well with the egusi.  I would suggest that if you ever go in with a few friends, order the egusi to try as a group, so each person gets a taste.  I would have to say that the egusi is not for everyone, and if you are not an adventurous foodie, order something else.  

All in all, we were extremely satisfied with our meals and the experience.  Esther was a lovely woman, and we look forward to trying the other dishes on her menu!  I hope she continues to do well!
We really enjoyed it! Nice friendly service and great authentic cuisine. Hope to come again for the $9.99 Sunday buffet. No where else like it in Phoenix.
Went there last night for dinner (my wife and I).  Both of us a bit adventurous, and I have eaten West African food before in Chicago.  

I ordered Egusi Stew with Goat Meat, served with pounded yam.  My wife ordered chicken curry with jollof rice.  

The food was fresh and good.  My wife called Egusi interesting, as she had not tasted something like this before.  It was unique.  It was a very nice experience overall.
I read a good review of this restaurant in the New Times and as I love to try something interesting, I had to try it. To my surprise I knew the owner, Esther, from when I worked at Phoenix College and she was a student there. She's always been a hard worker and I can see how much effort she has put into her restaurant venture. The restaurant was very clean and neat, and Esther was a very gracious hostess to all the customers. I had the pepper soup, which comes with a little dish of habanero pepper puree if you want to make it spicy. Watch out! Only use a tiny bit because it's really hot. Then I had a Caribbean meat pie. It was really good--spicy and savory. Then the yassa chicken. The chicken itself was deliciously flavored, and then topped with with olives, onions, and bell pepper sauteed in a mustard sauce, then served with rice. It was very good! I want to come again and try some of the other dishes. I highly recommend this place! Esther is a sweet lady and she takes good care of her customers. I wish her the best of luck with her new restaurant.
My husband and I have decided to eat somewhere new once a week. One week I pick, the next him. This week was his turn and I guess he was feeling adventurous. He did good. 

The decour is simple but inviting with African artwork on the walls. I ordered the Cassava leaves, which had goat and beef served with rice and plantains. My husband had the Egusi  with goat meat and pounded yam. Both were delicious! 

The service made the experience even more delightful. My husbands dish is traditionally eaten by taking the yam (it reminded me of uncooked dough, not in taste just looks) and using it to scoop the meat and sauce out of the bowl. The server brought out a large metal bowl for him to wash his hands and obviously found it humorous when he asked if he was doing it right. I just laughed along. She then explained to him how traditionally it was eaten. I appreciated her taking the time and making us feel welcome. 

 I do have to say, if you are a picky eater this may not be a good fit...Luckily we love trying new things and will at least try anything once. We will definately be back!
I am always looking for interesting restaurants on my frequent trips to Phoenix, and sometimes I  find a real winner. Fu Fu Cuisine! As soon as I walked in I was excited to see what was on the menu. There was grooving African music to keep us company while we waited for our food, sipping on a slightly spicy and refreshing ginger mint smoothie. The dumpling soup was so yummy!!! Next time I'll ask for the house hot sauce to kick up the Tilapia Yassa a bit, which I thought could have been a little more tasty, but I still enjoyed it. Pofs Pofs were delightful and satisfying little fried bites. Lots of fun drinks on the menu too. This is a good place to bring a few friends to order lots of different plates family style. With gracious and friendly service, they frequently checked to make sure we were happy with everything. Very reasonably priced too. I can't wait to go back to try more things on the intriguing menu!
I met the Chef and owner Esther and she is such a delight and her food is simply scrumptious. I started with a Ginger Mint Juice this was worth every penny it was fresh and had a nice spicy bite from the Ginger (the orange and pineapple juice mellowed it out). For my app I had the pepper soup yum is all I can say next I had the Whole Yassa Tilapia (they also serve it as two fillets) it was everything I had hoped it would be. I have been missing this dish in the Valley since I relocated from Chicago. I left here full and happy and I cannot wait to return. Thank you Esther for opening up Fu Fu Cuisine the Valley needed your delicious African/Caribbean  food.
The food at Fu Fu Cuisine was wonderful! I went there on a Sunday and they have an "all you can eat" option of certain foods. From those foods you can pick 3 dishes to sample. I got the Yassa Chicken, Pof Pof, Jolof Rice and an additional side order of fried plantains. All of that (minus the fried plantains) for $9.99- AMAZING! I couldn't even get seconds because I was so full. My boyfriend ordered the Fried Tilapia and cous-cous which was finger lickin good! I got the brownie cheesecake for dessert which was phenominal. It came with a scoop of ice cream and whipped cream- delicious.

I believe a good rule of thumb for any ethnic restaurant is if the diners are from the same country or surrounding vicinity. Most of her customers were also from West Africa which was a GREAT sign because they would only dine at a fantastic and authentic restaurant. 

In short, the food at Fu Fu was AMAZING. I loved everything and the service was great! If I lived in Phoenix, I would be here every Sunday!!
AMAZING food and service.  We searched out places on Yelp and were very happy to find this one.
Yay, FINALLY!!! I can eat Fu Fu again. I had an awesome meal today. Started of with the pom pom, yummy, nice starchy, sweet balls. Those were quickly gone. My hubs and I both ordered the Eugusi. I love goat and it was flavored awesome. Very unique African flavor. The Fu Fu had great consistency and our son loved it too. I love eating my African food with my hands, the African way and here it was not looked upon, but made you feel included in the African family. After the meal, the owne brought a jug with water and some soap and a Bowl to rinse our hands. I would eat here every day (if I could afford it). As desert we had fried plantain, more for my son, who loved it and we snacked along. We were stuffed, but I have found a place to get my Fu Fu fix again. 

The place is nice, clean and super friendly. A big recommendation for those who prefer something different, but delicious food.
This. Is. Great. Food.  Also a clean, pleasant place with helpful staff.  But oh, that food.  Soups, stews, sides--I love them all.  Some items sound exotic, but the flavors are all solid and likely to seduce even the least adventurous eater.  Just wish I lived closer, I'd be a frequent flyer at Fu-Fu.  As it is, I'm already plotting my next excuse to drive over there again.
Excellent Food!  I followed Yelp reviews here and I was not disappointed.

I just discovered Fu Fu this week and I've been there twice already.  The first time I came for lunch on a break from school I had the Yassa Chicken - chicken cooked in a mustard and peanut butter sauce with onions, peppers and green olives. When the plate arrives the color of the sauce looks questionable but the first bite puts me totally at ease.   The chicken was tender and delicious but the sauce was like nothing I ever had, so unique.  The service was great, a beautiful African women and she was such a sweetheart.  

I came back a second time and brought my cousin with me, I could tell she wasn't stoked about trying African food.  I desperately wanted to try some of the items on the drink menu, I got a island fruity and my cuz got a mudslide.  My drink came out first in a huge fish bowl glass, it was just as good as I hoped it would be, full of liquor and fruitiness.  The server explained that the mudslide would take a while because the ice cream was rock hard - it did take a while, maybe 15 minutes?  My cousin started getting antsy and I felt bad because she was my guest.  Soon enough the drink comes out and it's a hit, she loves it and all is good.  The food also takes a while to come out both times I've eaten there but it's okay because I can tell that it's been cooked just for me.  Even though I wanted to try everything on the menu, I went back for the Yassa chicken and it may have been better the second time around, I can't tell.  My cousin got the jerk steak and couldn't stop saying how good it was the entire time she was eating. 

When the meal was over, I asked her what she would rate her experience and she said 5 stars.  I reminded her that she had to wait so long for her drink and she thought about it and said it was worth the wait.  So five stars from both of us.
Last night the wife and I went to Fu Fu Cuisine for dinner.  We had a Groupon and we realize that sometimes the places we have Groupons for are mediocre at best.  That was not the case last night.   This was our first experience in an African restaurant, though we have eaten at a variety of Caribbean restaurants and tons of Southern restaurants.  Turns out we had a great experience from the moment we walked in the door.  

Walking into the door we could see how clean and well kept the restaurant is.  It's nothing fancy but clean goes a long ways with me.  The decor is pleasant and the background music was nice as well.  We were greeted by Ester who also happens to be the owner and the persons name seen all over the menu.   She took our drink orders and pateintly waited for us to order what we wanted.  The menus were great since they had pictures to go with the listed items(yes, some of us need visuals) .  

We ended up starting with Beef Patties which were yummy.  The dough was flaky and delicious and the filling was spiced just right.  We then had the Yassa Tilapia and the Yassa Chicken.  When we dine out we usually try to order very different dishes so we can taste a variety of things.  The Yassa dishes just sounded so good we couldn't venture to anything else.  There are several more dishes we want to try.  Back to the Yassa dishes.  Both were yummy with the chicken cooked so fork tenderness.  The sauce was not spicy but it was tasty.  The olives were present but not overpowering.  We ended up ordering extra Beef Patties so we could have them for lunch the next day.  

All in all the service was great, the atmosphere was good and the food was good.
{Actual Date of Visit: 3/10/2012}

Oh! I took WAY too long to write a review for FuFu.  My experience here was probably the best sit down restaurant experience I've had in Phoenix!  My friend decided to get a Groupon to FuFu after I saw the good reviews on Yelp.  Caribbean AND African Cuisine?? SOLD!  I'm a Caribbean girl so I'm harder on Caribbean restaurants than any other type cuisine (You betta come correct!) and my experience in Phoenix with Caribbean restaurants has been sub-par!  My best friend is Nigerian,  so she checked out the place online and gave me the ok based on the pics, lol.  I loved learning about the owner's history: combining her African heritage with her experiences in Jamaica.

We arrived on a quiet Friday night.  I was worried about getting there so close to closing, but Esther (the owner) assured us it was ok to come.  Since I'm a vegetarian, I was concerned about what I would order when I arrived, but I decided to just go with it!  Esther suggested I get the Yassa with white rice and black eyed peas.  My friend got the Curry Chicken.  I was shocked at how good the Yassa was!  No tofu, nothing, just the Yassa sauce with the onions and peppers.  It was SO good.  I also ordered the Ginger Mint to drink and lots of plantains.  The plantains were so cheap- yay!  We ended the meal with the Brownie Cake & Ice Cream.  It was oh so good!

The African music videos they were playing were hot; we were dancing in our seats!  It was so cute how her hubby kept changing the videos once he saw how much we liked the music.  Esther explained that she was going to be having more social events to bring some "flava" to Phoenix (please do!) and invited us to an upcoming party.  Unfortunately it was around finals so we couldn't go.  

I wish FuFu werent so far, but it really is worth the trip.  Great food, ambiance & service!  We plan on going back soon!!! :)
We actually dined on April 9th. I am a bit late with my reply. My boyfriend and I had purchased a groupon for Fu Fu and decided to check it out. Ester the owner, chef  waited on us. She was super sweet and helpful explaining some of the items on the menu. I ordered the Island Fruity drink - made with combination of Bacardi rum, Caribbean coconut rum, and banana liquor and a hint of orange juice, pineapple juice and cranberry juice. Ryan had a Red Stripe. The restaurant made you feel like you were eating at your family's house. They had basketball on 2 of the TVs and then Caribbean dance videos on the other TV. We started with the all mighty Pof Pof's - Fried sweet dumpling made with flour, sugar and butter and deep fried. They were the size of tennis balls and were even good cold. I took one home. I am craving these now.  We then had the Dumpling soup - Fresh chicken or beef dice and seasoned. Mixed with varieties of vegetables, carrots, dumpling, onions, tomatoes and corn. We had the soup and the beef was so tender that it almost melted in your mouth. The broth was so flavorful that we drank it from the bowl after eating most of it. Main Course - I had the Yassa Chicken - Marinated chicken, sauteed onions and bell peppers with rice. It looked like a curry type sauce but was a mustard sauce with olives. It was so creamy and melted in your mouth as well. I also requested the special hot sauce that they make, mixed it with my chicken and rice. Gave it a nice hot kick! Ryan had the Curried Goat - Cube sliced meat marinated and cooked in curry, green beans and carrots. Served over white steamed rice. - I had a bite of the goat. It was tender and had great flavor. Needless to say we were quite stuffed by the time we were finished. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Shes been open almost 5 months. Don't let this place get away. Support Ester and Fu Fu! I love it!
(Note  - I did use part of the detailed descriptions of the food from the menu that is posted on their website.)
We got the Puf Pufs, ginger mint drink, Tilapia Yassa, and BBQ Jerk Steak.  All were very good, and, what's better, DIFFERENT tasting than what's available elsewhere.  The Puf Pufs were super tasty, but know that 6 (an order) is a lot for 2 people.  The ginger mint drink was super spicy at first but got mellower and sweeter by the end of the glass. The tilapia was good, solid, and, again, just a different kind of taste than we've had before.  The steak was not NYC strip or anything but was a good cut of meat, tender, well seasoned, without gristle ,and not fatty. The fried rice and plantains that came with it went very well.

Prices are $10 an entree, which I think is cheap especially for the steak. Portion sizes are generous. Alcoholic drinks prices are very cheap, if you've got a driver. The people are nice and the atmosphere is sparse but clean. They've got African pop TV playing, which was awesome.

This is a 4 star restaurant (meaning that it delivers all it promises but has room to improve, e.g., atmosphere, extras) but I'm giving it 5 because it offers unique tastes.
Wow! My taste buds haven't been THIS excited in a long time! The food was truly amazing, the service so friendly, and the ambiance very casual and relaxed. Even as I type this, the flavors of the yassa chiken and the goat curry still linger strongly in my gustatory memory. My friend and fellow yelper John M. and I also had the pleasure of having the lovely Chef Esther Mbaikambey come over to chat with us. I know I will be coming back here very often, and I look forward to their all-you-can-eat Sunday (noon to 4 pm) where you can choose as many as you want (3 to start, order more if you've finished the 3) from pepper soup, eguisi soup, pof-pof, fish and couscous, yassa chicken, curry chicken, and jolof rice - all for $9.99 - soda included.
The flavors were diverse and satisfying, the quantity generous, the service friendly and personable from our server to owner-chef Esther who came out to greet us, and the price before drinks a very reasonable approximate $10 for a very satisfying meal.  

  I had the goat curry and it was very good - meat & vegetables alike. There was a  - the word diversity keeps coming back to me here - diverse set of distinct flavors in the dish that remained distinct and yet made for a very pleasing combination.  I asked for "mild" and they obligingly put the habanero based liquid fire on the side, for which I was most grateful:  too hot for me, thought I think Norm could have sipped it with a straw!

  The dining room is simple and clean with a few African art objects for good measure that don't overwhelm a pleasantly simple uncrowded cafe setting.  The men's room was clean, if just a tad less than pristine at the very end of the evening.
 
Additional compliments for the cordial welcome despite our straggling in but minutes before the  scheduled closing time of 9PM (Sat. night), and for a really good  and LARGE lime daiquiri. Thank you Groupon (and I think a good NT review too) for leading me & Yelp eliterati Norm to a very pleasing dining experience which we both look forward to repeating at Fu Fu Cuisine.
We went to celebrate Amy's birthday,  My Co-worker who is visiting for one year from Taiwan for a birthday/Late Lunch .   The Pof-Pofs were great.  Ping Pong ball sized.    Fried sweet dumpling: made with flour, sugar and butter and deep fried.   Nice, crispy and lightly sweet.  Not a bit oily.   Definately get 6 for $4.00.   We both took 2 Home and they microwaved perfect, 15 seconds, for a reminder of a great meal.
My Entree - Curried  Goat  Cubes of Goat meat marinated and cooked in curry, green beans and carrots. Served over white steamed rice and fried plaintains for $8.99
Amy's - Fried Tilapia - Fresh marinated tilapia deep fried. It was served with jolof rice for $10.99 the whole fish.  Amy said that it reminded her of the Fish from Taiwan.  She took her time and savoured every morsel.  As mentioned in other Yelps, Esther, The Beautiful Owner/Chef came and introduced herself to us a few minutes after we ordered.  She revisited a second time just to see if we liked our selections and commented on Amy's fine job of Fish eating.    I would really recommend this restaurant.  The prices are reasonable and you will leave full.  As a matter of fact, I took 1/2 of my Entree Home and enjoyed it the next day.    On Sunday's 12- 4 pm,  they have a $9.99 Buffet which may be a good introduction to a wider selection of choices to her cuisine.
I probably never would have tried Fu Fu Cuisine without the groupon ($15 for $30), but now that I've tried it I will go back (groupon or not).

We got the Yassa Tilapia and the Jerk Chicken.  Both were very good.  Other reviews have said it, and it's true.  Each dish tastes distinctly different and each has a combination of flavors that really make the dishes "pop".  Even the rice with the Jerk chicken was unique and complex.

We started with a meat pie, which tasted like a hanheld pot pie.  The meat stuffing has a little spice to it.  The Pof-pofs are good, one per person makes for a good additional starter.

Their all-bottle beer selection isn't bad (includes Corona, Guinness, and Heineken, including other american and caribbean favorites), which are all $3.50.  Very reasonable.
Those familiar with the workings of the typical family run eateries of the Carib will find this place totally enjoyable.  The food is worth 4 stars anywhere but here in the States their service level comes in at a solid 2 which brings their average to a 3.  
There's nothing that's going to torpedo the ship, but a little tweaking here and there would make a major difference.  First off, figure out where the best tables are and fill those places first.  Then start jamming people into corners.  Although it makes it easier for the server, from the customer's perspective when the place is empty there's no reason to fill tables right next to each other.
Offer to take a drink order when you seat your guests and then get it to them within 5 minutes max.  Not with the entree'!
On multiple visits I've had the tomato stew, jerk chicken, curried goat, chicken celery salad and a few other dishes all of which were reminiscent of the typical open-aire roadside barbecue you'd expect to find if you were touring the islands or west Africa.  Good, wholesome, hearty food made with a loving touch.  But if you're sitting under a palm, listening to the sound of the surf provide a back drop to the local music playing on a boom box, you're probably going to be more tolerant than if you're sitting in a strip mall in Phx.
After reading all the 5 Star raves for this place it was something of a disappointment for me.  Arlin B., Mike C., & I dropped in for lunch today after coming last Thursday when they were supposed to be open at 11 AM but never opened as we waited a while.

This time we waited until 12 to arrive, & they were open.  Our server said yes, they should have  opened last time at 11!

I ordered the Jerk Chicken plate, which the menu says comes with mashed potatoes & broccoli, but mine came with a bed of flavored rice under the chicken. For sides, I had the Beef Dumpling Soup, & shared small orders of Pof Pof & Jamaican Patties with the others.

I thought all the food was ok, but loud music played during most of our visit, & this lunch was EXPENSIVE...  over $50 for the three of us, with just water to drink!

I think Ocean Blue in Chandler is a better choice for this kind of food, & I'm pretty sure this was a one visit restaurant for me.     :-|
Had lunch here today with Arlin B. and Rand H. and I was fired up over this place because it averaged 5 stars. Well I ordered the jerk chicken with mashed potatoes and broccoli garnish. What I got was jerk chicken with fried rice. The jerk chicken was the worst jerk chicken I have had ,it was white meat chicken done on the grill with a little jerk seasoning on it.It should have been legs and thighs cooked over an open flame.The rice I had (and I am no fan of rice) was dry and not very taste. A lot of people rave the pof pof balls and I found them to be ok but nothing spectacular. The only thing that saved them from one star was the Jamaican patties were real good ,but I think they are bought and just heated up. So I give this place two stars because I will not return and I could have had the 5 star buffet at casino Arizona for less money.
My hubby has been trying to bring me here for months.  I would find an excuse every time; too far, I'm too dressed up, it's too late, like any of those had stopped me before.  Well, I guess the stars lined up for him yesterday.  My afternoon schedule was not crammed as usual and we had a sitter an a loaner car.  What more can you ask when you have to drive over 30 miles for a meal.   The place is in a little strip mall, on the Avenues side of Camelback.  I don't think I have ever been this far west on Camelback.  We got in and the owner, Esther, showed us to our table.  The music was a little loud, however within minutes it was lowered, so I guess someone else requested it before I did.  I started with a drink, the "Island Fruity" and shared a hand pie with my hubby.  The drink was deliciously sweet and the pie was spicy.  Great combination.  For my entree, I had the Yassa chicken and I had to order a side of the plantains.  My chicken was very good, I liked the sauce that topped it, it had papers, onions and olives in a creamy dijon, peanut sauce.  Too bad this place is so far away.  I would love to come back to try other dishes.  Maybe the stars will line up again another time.
While the server was nice, I ordered their goat dish. I tried to eat it, but it smelled horrible and tasted even worse. It was on par with the smell at the zoo - While I am always up for trying new food and new places, I couldn't even take morethan one bite. If it wasn't for the plantains, I would have starved. Also, the food took forever to come out. It was like our table, which was one of three occupied tables, was being ignored. It was a good 20 minutes between ordering lunch and the food being given to us. Also, it doesn't help that the resturant is in a shady shopping center. I will not be going back to this place.
I went here on Wednesday night because I had a Groupon that was expiring that day (Oh no!!). I was excited to try this place, but hadn't come sooner because it is soooo far from Mesa.  We had: Island fruity drink, meat pie, pof pofs, curry chicken, and tomato and rice stew. 

The good:
The drink was very sweet and delicious
The pof pofs tasted like salty donuts....pretty good, very dense. They kind of filled me up before I even got my entree. 
The spicy sauce (I asked for it and the waiter warned me several times that it was VERY spicy...I thought it added a lot of flavor and was tasty)

The medioce:
The density of the pof pofs
The curry chicken (I had asked our waiter what his favorite thing on the menu was and he said it was this curry chicken, but I found it somewhat lacking in flavor without the spicy sauce... made me wonder if I was being 'protected' from some of their other dishes...)
The meat pie- I thought the filling had a strange flavor, the BF really liked it though. I liked the crust. 
The stew...it was good, but not wonderful and the beef in it was somewhat fatty. 


The bad:
Service...sorry guys. We waited for our check for a looooong time. Also, we were seated in a dark corner, which was ok...but the restaurant was empty so I don't know why we were seated there. Kind of weird....
The loud music- the music was fine, just really loud. 

Overall, the place was alright, I would like to come back and try other things, but I wouldn't drive way out of my way again to do so (moving closer soon, so maybe I'll try again then).
Unfortunately Fu Fu Cuisine was more So So Cusinse for me...

I so wanted to give this small business owner a higher rating especially after reading several friends reviews.  Well, my experience was somewhat disappointing when I fellow Yelpers Rand H. and Mike C. this week for lunch.  

Restaurant ~ very clean and inviting.  Nothing fancy, very basic dinner type of feel.  They had the music way too loud for me while trying to enjoy lunch with some friends.  

Service ~ very nice and friendly however they were not very attentive to our drinks.  I also had an issue where they over charged me for an added soup.  One person's soup was $2.99 and my soup was $4.99?  I would have been OK with this if my portion was larger than the other but they were the same size.  After pointing it out the server lowered the price.  

Food ~ everything was just so so.  The dumpling soup was more broth than anything else.  Two small dumplings and three small pieces of cubed goat meat and a 1/4 ear of corn...  I do not recommend this soup.  The jerk chicken and rice was very dry and lacked the grilled flavor that usually comes with Caribbean jerk chicken.  The Pof Pof balls were too big and doughy and were more like really big flour hush puppies.  The meat pie was the star of my dinning experience here!

I don't my experience is a "one off" because the Yelpers that joined me experienced the same so so cuisine I had.
I heard about this little gem earlier in the week, and after looking at the menu online and reading some reviews from fellow yelpers, I decided I would try it out. The restaurant was very clean and I enjoyed the music playing, but I think it could use a little more color in the dining room. I was greeted upon entering and was asked if I had been here before. The waiter was very friendly and took the time to explain some of the dishes to me. I asked about the pof pof and he explained that they are like donuts, but better. I passed on them. I ordered the jerk steak over jolof rice, a meat patty, and plantains. First came out the meat patty. The pastry tasted like cornmeal to me, and not flakey like I had hoped. The filling was quite good and just enough spice without going overboard. The steak was very tender and flavorful, with a little bit of heat. For the price, you get your money's worth and I'll have enough left-overs for tomorrow's lunch. Before leaving, the waiter gave me a complimentary pof pof, and in my opinion, it was better than a donut.

I'll definitely be going there again.

John H
This place deserves all the 5 star reviews is it has.

Esther, the server, was excellent. Timely, friendly, she knows the food, and made great suggestions. We tired the pofpofs, meat pies, yassa, curried chicken, and fufu. Everything was very, very delicious. The meat pies, and yassa where my favorite. Very good quality food, especially for the price.  

If you are not scared to try new things, put a leg out there, this place is for you. But even if you are a more conservative person, try it, the best things in life are always unexpected.
I tried this restaurant out yesterday with a few friends, since it was recommended on a list of international restaurants in Phoenix published by the Arizona Republic. It was great! We tried the Yassa Chicken, the Jerk Chicken with Jolof Rice, the Curried Chicken, and the Curried Goat (the last was my personal favorite) and they were all delicious! For dessert, we had the Pof Pofs (sweet dumplings), and they were equally delicious. This place is great for eating family-style  and trying out new things, and the owner/chef, Esther, was incredibly gracious and welcoming. She even served us the dessert for free! 

If you're looking for something new, try this place out!
We read about this place in The Arizona Republic's 37 international cuisines special and decided we wanted to try it out. We drove an hour to eat at Fu Fu and it was definitely worth the trip. Even though we arrived at around 3 p.m. on a Tuesday in the middle of summer, Esther was extremely warm and welcoming. I came with three other people and we decided to try a variety of dishes. We started out with the pof-pofs, and then ordered the Curried Chicken, the Curried Goat, the Yassa Chicken, and the Jolof Rice with Steak. Everything was delicious. All the meat was very tender and tasted delicious. We all agreed that our favorite dishes were the curry ones, but we really like curry so we might be a bit biased. Esther helped us order our dishes and was attentive, but not overly so, throughout our meal. At the end of the meal we had all eaten way too much because everything tasted too good to stop eating. We split the check four ways and Esther gave us the pof-pofs for free. I wish I was closer to Fu Fu because I definitely want to come back again.
I contemplated this review the entire drive home... as I stuffed my face with the GREAT puf pufs that I got to go.  This restaurant has a LOT of 5-star ratings.  I've only given out three 5-star ratings, and I would not give this place a 5, but I was seriously contemplating the 3 or the 4.  I decided to go with 4 becasue I can't fault the sweet lady who owns this place for the lack of GOOD service from the servers.  So, I will give Fu Fu a 4 star.  Here's how my experience went.

I arrived and I was not greeted as warmly as I would have expected.  I will not dwell on how poor/untrained the service was.  I think the girls waiting on the tables need some training and the experience will be better for people.  And I should never see a place with that many people in it and one of the servers is just sitting down.  WOW, I hope Ester reads this and really works on those servers.

On to the good part!  I arrived with my mind made up about what I wanted to eat.  I had the GingerMango drink.  A little pricey, but very very tasty.  Spicy due to the ginger.  The texture was just right.  NOt too thin and not too thick.  Too much ice!
 ;-)  I wanted more, basically, for $5.  

I ordered the pepper soup.  It arrived with a LOT of meat in it.  I had no idea what kind of meat would be in the soup.  I just wanted to try something different and tasty.  Did not let me down!  From the taste, I knew it was an animal's stomach.  I wasn't sure what kind.  I didn't ask until I finished it.  I didn't want to hear it was pig belly until it was over!  So I ate the broth and tasted the meat.  Turns out that was Goat belly in there.  LOL, I loved it.  I really did.  If you like menudo, you'd enjoy it.  I definitely did.

For my lunch/dinner, I had the fried Tilapia and Jallof rice.  Both were bursting with wonderful flavors.  I was very happy with the fish.  The Jallof rice was also tasty and delicious.  The food was just as appealing visually.  

There was a large meetup group seated in the dining room and I saw the owner come out and speak to them.  I can appreciate this lady and her business and I do love it.

As far as the music, I'm not sure if they have adjusted the volume of the music, or if some people have spidey ears.  I did not have an issue with the volume of the music.  I personally enjoyed it.  I'm tickled how much the Nigerian music sounds like western/caribbean pop/hip-hop music.  Funny how all things come full circle because African music orginally influenced some western/caribbean music and now it has gone full circle!
Based upon Chef Esther's recommendation, I ordered the Yassa Chicken. The combination of rich flavors and spices was amazing, and the chicken was so tender it almost melted upon each bite. The portion size was enough to share with a friend, and you truly get your money's worth for just $10.

For dessert, I ordered the Pof Pofs. If you have any kind of sweet tooth and love donut-like desserts, you will want to try these.

I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu items!
Their drinks are huge, tropical, delicious, and cheap. I thoroughly enjoyed the meat pies, chicken curry, and puff-puffs. My husband wasn't a fan of his dish: goat, okra, and pounded yam, so he was a bit jealous of my good entree selection. The service was fantastic. Very attentive.

We had a Groupon, which made the trek to the west valley worth it. While we wouldn't drive out there again just to go to Fu Fu's, if we happened to be in the area, we'd certainly stop, especially for the cocktails. Made me feel like I was in the Caribbean again.
DEFINITELY GO HERE! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! This place is fantastic. If you are a cuisine adventure seeker or just want some yummy food give this place a try. The food is original and tasty. Don't miss out on the "puf puf"'s or they may be called "poof poofs". Just like a homemade donut with a crispy outside. My husband and I intend to go back every week until we try everything on the menu.
I wanted to like this place. Let me repeat, I really really wanted to like this place. This is the first African restaurant I've heard of in the Phoenix valley area and AS SOON as I heard about it I made immediate plans to visit with my friends. I always try to support local Arizona businesses and with this being an African restaurant, I wanted to support especially because there are so few (if any others) here in the valley. 

My mother is from Sierra Leone, I've spent a lot of time traveling throughout West Africa and spent my entire life eating the cuisines from countries like Sierra Leone, Nigeria, Liberia, Ghana, Togo, Senegal etc. I've sat in many of my "aunties" (and my mother) kitchens and watched them prepare chicken yassa, egusi soup, jollof rice, moi moi, sawa sawa, krin-krin etc. 

Therefore, unlike many (not all) of the reviewers...I know what to expect and I know what to look for in preparation. It's important to also note that each country has their own unique dishes, flavors, cooking styles, but we also share some common dishes like jollof rice, pepper soup, casava leaf, fufu etc. With having common dishes there are always "debates" about who makes the best jollof rice, pepper soup or cassava leafs. People from Sierra Leone, Ghana, Liberia or Nigeria? Much like how people in the United States debate which state makes the best BBQ? Texas? Or Tennessee?

When I saw they had fish yassa on the menu I was extremely excited. 
I've typically had this dish at my favorite Senegalese restaurants or prepared by family friends and I was expecting a flavorful delight. When my food arrived I took a bite of my fish, jollof rice and the onion medley. I stopped, I asked the waitress where the cook was from and she said Nigeria. Sighed because it wasn't like my beloved Senegalese version and continued to eat (I hate wasting food). 

My fish was fried until it was practically dried out. While I love crispy tilapia, I don't like it when it's practically burned dry. The jollof rice reminded me how much I disliked Nigerian jollof rice. I was disappointed with my food as were my African & Caribbean friends, but our African-American friends enjoyed their meals. 

I will say that the owner came over to our table to check in with us and was extremely friendly. She was so nice that I wished I genuinely enjoyed the food.  

I brought the leftovers home to my mother as she wanted to know about my experience. My mother took a bite of the jollof rice, screwed her face and asked where the cook was from...I said Nigeria to which she replied, "I thought so...". 

So would I return? Maybe,  the owner was wonderful, it's an African business, and I think maybe I should give it one.last.chance. However, I would definitely try something else.
This restaurant was a pleasant surprise, I ordered the cassava with rice and a side of fufu and plantains.  Everything was excellent!!  My only hope for this restaurant is that their service improves.  We didn't have anyone greet us upon entering for atleast a few minutes and even then it took too long for them to take our order..but I really wanted to try their food and these are not quick fast food dishes so you can appreciate the hand that makes the food.  This place is a must try for everyone!
I went with some of my classmates. They were pretty nervous about nigerian food, but the great reviews sold them. So we headed over there on our lunch break. We were pleasantly surprised. It was pretty awesome.

The owner was so friendly and nice. She really took care of us and seemed genuine. 

I checked in and got a drink for 3 dollars. Let me tell you, this drink was amazing. It was fruity and full of alcohol, but you didnt realize how much alcohol (thats the best kind!) I loved it. I wish I could have had more, but I would have to be carried out.

The food was so good. My friends ordered dishes like the yassa chicken and jerk chicken. One friend ordered pepper soup and did not know tripe was in it. She tried to eat it, but could not get past it, so be warned! We also had the Puff Puff. Order those. They are amazing. Oh soo yummy.

I didn't rate 5 stars because of the lack of vegetarian options. She had to mix something up for me. I wish there was a vegetarian soup or entree on the menu. It would have made the experience great for me.
I love this restaurant and hope it will stay open. Why? We went on a Friday at lunch time (11a.m.) and it was empty. No one came in during the course our meal.

Anyway the food is amazing. We tried the plaintine, pof-pof, meat pie for appetizer.
They were all really good. 

For the entree, i had the goat curry. Man so good. I want some more now... Anyway i went to see a movie afterward. It sucked. 2/5
I bought the Yelp deal for this awesome little gem of a restaurant. It was a great deal! 
The food was delicious. I was a bit adventurous and ordered the goat curry. I'm glad I did! I was so fragrant and tasty. I had to be careful that I didn't just inhale the whole dish. 
I also had a pof pof, which was fun too. It's like a super-size cake donut hole that tastes vaguely banana-like. Not too sweet, but really great.
Esther was single-handedly running the show, bussing tables and cooking. She was very attentive, though. Hopefully her business can grow. It's a great place!
Puff Puff's were the reason we stopped by, said they were the best! had to say they were pretty good, especially with a cup of coffee :-) lady and her husband were very friendly, need to try the food next time.....
We had the steak shish kabob and jofi rice. They dishes were really good and full a flavor! I was a little worried at first as we were the only people in the restaurant for a while. But it tries our to be a nice experience. The waitress was nice, and attentive. Not very talkative which is good and bad. If come back with another groupon.
I used the Yelp deal for this. I ordered Cassava Leaves w/FuFu & a couple of Pof Pofs. The food was good and tasty.
When it comes to little restaurants owned by hard working people trying to make it in this economy, Esther and Martial seems to understand just what it takes to be successful. They've got it all: good food, good service, clean environment and good dessert. (Dessert is a whole separate food group in my opinion!)

Let's talk about the place and people first. It's what I'd call a hole in the wall. It occupies a space at the end of a small strip mall. It has a little designated outside area with few tables and inside isn't too terribly big either. But it's nicely decorated without going crazy and makes you feel cozy. It's clean and they keep it up. When I went, it was only the owners there, Esther and Martial, tending to their customers. They have a good rhythm together and they're both very sweet and friendly. They make you feel very welcome. They patiently teach you how to eat something I've never even heard of and explained the menu items and some options. They even taught me different styles of African cuisine. I could tell they were happy to do what they did and glad to share part of their world with a newbie. 

And the star of the show: the food. Oh my gosh. Delicious. I tried 3 dishes. The egusi, fried tilapia and yassa. All three were delicious. Egusi, also known as fu fu, is made with goat meat and served with pounded yam. They help you wash your hands and you take the dough (yam), shape it, dip it in egusi and eat it. Very different. Egusi had a great, strong flavor and wasn't overpowering. I couldn't get used to the texture of the pounded yam but it did have a good flavor. It melts in your mouth. Fried tilapia is a whole tilapia! It's served with the entire fish, head and tail included. You'll see its eyes and little teeth. It's served with jolof rice and some sort of cucumber relish side that complimented the fish very well. Yassa is served on a bed of rice and red beans. It reminded me of curry quite a bit. Even the beans had a lot of flavor on their own, which is hard to accomplish. Everything was delicious and smelled as good as it tasted.

There's a reason they were named the best donut of 2012 by New Times. I don't care how full you are. You must order their pof pof and try it while it's still warm. Oh my delicious. They were soft, doughy, sweet but not overly so. It looks like plain cake donut but much, much yummier. I got 2 orders of it to go to share with people so I can convince them to try this place.

Oh and Martial was my bartender. I had their fela fruity and ginger mint. He definitely does not skimp on the booze and they're tasty. The fela fruity is a mix of fruity alcohol and mixers. Very tropical. Ginger mint. Oh boy. Martial asked what kind of alcohol I wanted and I knew spiced rum would go perfectly and boy, was I right. The spiced rum was the perfect compliment to ginger mint. They make their ginger mint juice from scratch with fresh ingredients. The rum helped with the ginger kick and it was absolutely delicious. They offer their mixed drinks in virgin form so you don't have to worry about getting drunk. I would suggest watering down the ginger mint a little bit. It's a strong drink.

Is it obvious I loved this place? It should be. If not, go up and read my review again. No wait, better idea. Put some clothes on, grab some friends and just go to Fu Fu. You won't regret it. Can't wait to go back!
The owner is also the hostess, waitress, cook & bartender!!!  Now that is pretty amazing by itself.  I tried the craziest thing on the menu that I could find, stewed goat with smashed yam and casava leaves.  After the meal Esther laughed and said she had "never seen a caucasian eat all her food before."  

She was great and makes a mean rum drink too.  The neighborhood is bit dicey at night, but hey, live a little.  Watching her work so hard made me appreciate my desk job even more.  

After the meal and in the parking lot, she actually said I tipped her "TOO MUCH" and tried to give me some money back!!!  I told her she was worth every penny and with all the jobs she was doing I wish it was more.  Really great and I will try to support this little business as much as I can.  The food may be too exotic for some of you but give it a try.
What a disappointment! Shows how ya can't rely on reviews all the time 
The meat pie was pretty tasty but not worth the 20min wait for it 
The beef soup in the app menu was SUPER salty and the meat was Tough Yuck 
Along with the dumplings not being fully cooked. My mom ordered the 
Jerk chicken good tasting but not worth the price! Super skinny small breast 
Of chicken served over an abundance of rice talk about 
Making your money off rice. The service wasn't that great either
He was nice but after getting a couple other tables he was swamped
I would never recommend this place and the bathrooms are
 Disgustingly dirty !
I only gave this restaurant 2 stars because the owner is nice and trys very hard, but it should be a 1. Let me start off with the fact that my husband is Nigerian and we just moved here from Houston which is little Nigeria (seriously) so our credibility is good. I will start with the decor it is just ok, the service is good the server is always friendly and the owner is very nice. I have always jollof rice and stew with assorted meat. The stew is not spicy so she brings extra peppers in a small bowl.  The rice is hard and has a odd taste it is not good at all the stew which is the red sauce has no flavor. My husband gets fu fu with egusi soup he says that it is tasteless but he never complains because he feels it is offensive, I guess it is cultural. 

His brother came to town and he was starving and wanted some native food so we once again are forced to go to this restaurant.  I warned him that it is not good. But he insisted. So we go and he orders the egusi and tried it and sent it back so fast. My husband was so embarrased. I vow never to return so instead my husbands' sister sends us food by fedex or he cooks stew at home which is ok but it doesn't compare to his sisters.  I wish there was at least another option for Nigerian food in Phoenix but I don't think the community is large enough to accommodate, I am not sure.
Great food, with massive portions.  Fair prices.
Great service and most of the food was very good. It's quite a unique and authentic experience but even the most cautious of eaters have several delicious options. Highlights were the beef kebabs, the chicken kebabs, the meatballs with rice and the puff puffs (which were absolutely delicious!) If you refuse to
try any nigerian food come just for the puff puffs, which are delicious yet light and non-greasy balls of fried batter which taste like much improved donuts.
Jerk chicken is  great! Sampler appetizer platter is definitely worth it. Portions are large, so come hungry!
If you are seeking a taste bud adventure, head to Fu Fu's African and Caribbean Cuisine! Me and my friend ordered the Appetizer Sampler and Esther's Meatballs. The food was beyond amazing! We "MMMmmmed" so much during the meal without any shame. The owners do such an amazing job bringing such unique food to Phoenix. The taste is unlike ANYTHING else in Phoenix. I highly recommend Fu Fu's to all foodies out there! So delicious! Darn it I wish I lived closer to this place, it is truly a gem :-)
Food was good and staff super nice. They spent some time explaining the food to us. Great place!!!
This place is modest in looks but do not let that fool you.  I brought a group of people to FuFu Cuisine this past Saturday and the feed back was great. FuFu gave great portions, great taste was great and great price. The group will return again after the new year.  Marshall and Esther (the owner's) thank you for great food and service.
Went here with my husband to have dinner before a graduation ceremony @ GCU.  I have never tried african cuisine before, but my husband, form NY missed it so much we decided to try this place out.  It was very different, my hubby thought it was fantastic, HE LOVED IT. The curry is very differant, but good.  I would try it out again, but not my favorite...
Came here for the first time using a Living Social coupon. I really enjoyed it. I got the $2 Strawberry Iced Tea for checking in on Yelp and it was tasty. We started off with the pof pof (sp?) balls which were really good but beware as they are filling. They are lightly sweetened donuts and I really liked them. We each also got a meat pie and to be honest I didn't care for it too much. Too spicy for me and I just didn't care much for the taste either. I got the Jerk Chicken platter with rice and a side of plantains. All of it was excellent and I will be having the other half for dinner tonight. We will definitely be back!
Went there once and the food was pretty good. I believe I had tilapia, rice, and plaintains.  Wasn't licking my fingers, but I was satisfied. 
The owner is really nice, and they had nice African music playing in the background.
Yassa chicken.  Chicken with onions and peppers.  Sounds pretty pedestrian.   But the execution is sublime.   I even tried to duplicate it by googling a recipe and tryin my hand at preparing this African dish in my kitchen.  Good...but not great.  

The mark of a good restaurant for me is one where the food draws you in, not the brick and mortar.  Verily, this shop's ambiance is limited, but the cuisine is top rate.  And, you walk out really rooting for its success so that you can get back every few months o have some more of that Yassa.
I've had jerk chicken many times and I have to say this is some of the best, if not the best, I've ever had! I got a door hanger from this spot today and decided to check it out (how's that for instant clientele eh?). It's a small spot right on the North East corner of Indian School and 19th Ave, right next to the Dominos. The menu is small, but the flavor and authenticity more than makes up for that. I ordered the jerk chicken and wifamus prime (yup, I just called her that) got the curry chicken. Both came with the traditional rice and peas (not actualy peas, but beans mixed in the rice) and a few soft grilled plantains. My Jerk Chicken was out of this world! The marinade was bold and flavorful and they even poured some more of the jerk glaze on after, which was awesome! It wasn't too terribly spicy, I'd say maybe a 4 out of 10 (which is perfect for me) The rice was perfectly moist and fluffy, just how it should be. the plantains were cooked perfectly how I like them, soft and super sweet. My wife's curry chicken was good too. They've got other Jamaican staples like curry goat, ox tails and curry fish. They also have the beef patties, but happened to be out today (booo, guess I'll just have to go back) Overall a great little spot with perfect service for a little takeout joint, excellent food and great island flavor in the heart of Phoenix!!
I'm not close to Jamaican, nor am i an expert in their culture but i do know how much love i have for their "items". My boy Brian T (below) got a door hanger for this new Jerk Chicken spot close to home, and was telling me all about it as we were sipping some mojitos at RumBar with the owner of RB. Well, of course he chimed in, and the 2 of them decided to tell me that i needed to try it Stat. Next day, off i went for lunch. Walked in right as they opened, and was immediately greeted by (i assume) the owner. extremely nice man. he was filling the cooler up with water, and his young daughter was helping out. His mom (i know cause he said "mah") rung me up, and (i assume again) his wife made me my food. Is there anything better then supporting a local, family owned and operated business that ALSO has 5 star food and service??? nope!!! Jerk chicken wasn't dry, wasn't too spicy (the hotter the better, just like all things in life ;). The location looks dicey, but use the back door VIP style and your set up for the promise land. quick, convenient, tasty, and all under a polite roof. so good.
We have been waiting for this place to open up, and finally made our way over there.  We were immediately greeted by an aroma of spices, and were offered samples of everything on the  menu.  Everything is already made and ready to eat, which is great because everything tasted so good.  Nothing disappointed! My husband, brother-in-law and I each ordered different menu items (jerk chicken, curry chicken, and fricassee chicken) with the special rice, and had Jamaican sodas that were recommended by Marie (I think that was her name).  The menu is small, but really well done.  We were told that they will expand the menu when they can get more customers.  With such great food and service, I hope this place gets the chance to stick around! 
We will definitely be back.
Great oxtail. Friendly staff, we will be back.
Pretty good. Oxtail was awesome. Plantains were just like I remembered them in the Carribbeans. The jerk chicken was okay... Needs a little more heat. Beef patty good (I'd eat it again). The workers were outstandingly nice.
Bomba! Wow.. I'm here eating while I draft this review. Don't sleep on this place!!!
I heard about this establishment and as exicited that there was a new Jamaican restaurant in town.  Ever since Max & Myrls closed downtown (was located where Wild Thaiger is now), i have been searching in vain for great Caribbean food.  The Jerk Hut hits the mark.  It is by far some of the best Jerk Chicken I have tasted.  The spice is perfectly balanced between spicy and just a hint of citrus.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and not the least bit dry.  Side items were rice and peas (not actually peas but beans) and perfectly cooked sweet plantains.  Service was friendly and the food was more than plentiful.

I will definitely be back on a weekly basis.  Can't wait to try the Oxtails and Curry Goat.  

If you enjoy Jamacan food, this is the place to eat.
MMMMMMMMM GIMMIE THAT!!

This place is good! i got the Jerk Chicken.. and i was thinkn as i was eating this, yeah it could be spicier, but then i took a bite of a part that was filled with the spices/marinade, and yes. I was happy.

let me take it back to the beginning for you....

I was driving up 19th with full intention of coming to the Jerk Hut to get my grub on. I started to drive a little bit slower so i could spot the place. (its on the North east side).. I slip into the back where it says "parking entrance" (it also is the exit too so watch out!). 

Well i look to my right and it looks kinda shady back there, but i think whatever i won't be in there too long. I park and start to walk around the front. I hear a voice come from one of the doors, you can just walk through the backs of the businesses. I notice it is coming from the far left side (the door for the jerk hut) and so i proceed to come over. The guy greets me with a thick accent and says, "you are going to the jerk hut? this is the door for the jerk hut"... I said yes with a big smile and proceed because i can definitely tell where the jerk hut is (follow your nose toucan sam).. I enter into a what i was expecting to be a little run down shop. Nope...super clean, everything is newly finished. I walk in and am greeted by the cashier/server...

I order my jerk chicken, she recommends different sides to go with my food...I obviously accept because who wouldn't take (who i think was a co-owner) advice. Well yes! i landed the Jerk chicken, fried plantains, the bean rice with gravy...MMMMMMMMM i want more and i just finished eating there. Needless to say, i should have asked for more gravy ontop of my rice cause that made it 100x's better... yes 100 times, i calculated it...

I get a jamaican soda to go with my meal...yes it all hit the spot. True story its a little pricey.  jerk chicken meal and soda ran me up to 13 dollars. (it was a specialty soda so that prolly helped out my total).  if you just get the meal (no drink) you will be around 10 dollars..but to be honest, just get the drink

Anyways if you don't like this place i have to say you must be a vegitarian....and to that i say...sucks for you cause this place's jerk chicken was bomb diggity no doubt...

Now here is the question people always want to know...Will you be back??


Yes i will be back...tomorrow actually so i can try the ox tail... that good twice in a week..maybe more if i got paid more .. #iwantaraise
The Jerk Hut is delicious! The jerk chicken, oxtail, patty, rice, and plantains were seriously good ... as good as the jerk we had in Negril. The folks that work here are lovely too.
AWESOME had it today for the first time the ox tails where so tender wish I had more and the jerk chicken had GREAT flavor REAL JAMAICAN'S cooking GREAT ISLAND FOOD.
Food was delicious and very authentic!!!  ;-)
After seeing the 5 star reviews on Yelp and having driven past on numerous occasions en route to Pho Thanh or Maxim, the boss and I decided to head here for lunch today. I was in the middle of a conversation with the boss as I walked in, and I guess I was expecting Jerk Hut to be a regular (if small) place with tables and table service. So when I came face to face with the lady behind the counter immediately upon entry I was speechless for a second or two until I got my bearings, since I was GOING to ask for a table for two *8-) It's basically structured like a take-out joint, with a small counter, two small high-tops and a long communal dining bench set facing the south wall. Which is fine. When you order, your food is scooped into a take-out styrofoam container. Today I went for the ox-tail, with plantains and rice and peas.

And it was DELICIOUS.

I love the fact that the food is ready right then and there, and that you don't have to sit around twiddling your thumbs before your stuff is ready. It also means that if you're still hungry you can just reach over and pay for another helping of rice or whatever you need. I completely agree with the other reviewers - the food's delicious, and the boss and I resolved to return several times and go down the menu, tasting each different thing. This time round, he had the jerk chicken and loved it. My oxtail brought back memories of me as a child, using my incisors to grate off the knuckle cartilage of each tailbone before sucking out the spinal cord. I had the rice w/peas (black-eyed) and the fried plantains. Marie, the owner, came to talk to us when we were just about done, which was very welcome. She said she's making do with the space and location she has. Considering how flavourful and "niche" the food is, this place deserves to do very well.

I'll DEFINITELY be back, and quite soon too.  In fact, I almost feel like returning tonight for dinner! Up next: goat curry and "bammy". I'd have given this my usual 3 ranking, but decided on 4 because it's reasonably unique, the food really is delicious and the owner is super friendly. Bit cramped, but that's life.
There are very few places who can get me to eat chicken that is not boneless/skinless and this is one of them! Not only can they get me to eat it, the jerk chicken here can get me to drive across town on my lunch hour just to indulge. Generous portions of juicy, tender, flavorful chicken piled in one corner of a styrofoam take out tray partnered with loads of rice (flavors vary, for example: rice and beans or pumpkin rice) and your choice of plantains or (my choice) steamed cabbage for about $10 with a drink. The cabbage is still crisp and firm and a nice, mild crunch to go with the rest of the meal. The staff is incredibly friendly. Seating is very limited (stools facing a narrow counter that runs the perimeter of the small restaurant's space) -- but, in a way that makes it convenient to eat alone and be left to stuff your face! 

BYO wet wipes though, fair warning!
Great authentic Carib food. Loved the Ox-tail and Peas and Rice. You don't get a lot of Ox-tail for the price so beware. Friendly staff, and small space, but yummy food!
Good food, decent service. I've had the jerk chicken & curry shrimp. They haven't had the full menu available either time I went. They deserve a return trip I hope this place is around for awhile, I need to try the stew chicken! Oh and they give you a ton of food.
This place gave me the runs....literally...straight to the bathroom after I ate this slop. I should have known better...My spidey senses was telling me to leave..but no, I stayed just because I've been craving, jonesing for Caribbean food. So I placed my order, I had Curry chicken, rice and peas and cabbage. I declined the plantains, it seemed the flies enjoyed it better than me. They were having a blast swarming over the plantains. I paid something like $10.95...which in my opinion was too much considering the proportions don't match the price. The taste was just ok...not the worst..but not the best either. The cabbage was pretty good though. The food seemed old too..if I had to bet $20..that food probably was cooked yesterday cause the kitchen did not look cooked in. I feel like a sucka reading these damn reviews thinking I was gonna get a good meal...I don't know where the hell these folks who left reviews ate at..it sure as hell doesn't seems like its this place. Maybe I came at the wrong time. My 1st time sucked....and my bubbling stomach thinks so too. 2 thumbs down and a wtf.
Jamaican food is not my favorite, but after reading reviews and driving by many times my wife and I made it a point to try the Jerk Hut out.  I am glad we did.

The food reminded me of our recent trip to Jamaica, as did the building, parking lot and staff, complete "ya man no problem" vibe.  I enjoyed the oxtail with plantains on the side (not a huge fan of plantains either, but enjoyed and will order again).  My wife had the Jerk Chicken and after tasting it we were both in agreement that we would order it again.  

The Jerk Hut is a nice change from the norm and should not be overlooked.
I originally wanted to order the Oxtail with a side of cabbage but they were out of both.  (I ordered late, like at 7:30 PM)  That's ok, I tried the Goat Curry.  It was awesome! 

The best part about the visit was the friendly customer service.  They were very welcoming!  It felt like friends and family, welcoming us in to their home and showed us where to park and what door to use.  Their credit card machine was down and I didn't have cash.... They gave the food to me anyway!  WOW!  With a handshake, they said "we know you're good for it" and sent us on our way with their delicious food.  I will definately be back and will make good on our transaction.  What WONDERFUL people who operate the Jerk Hut and the food is very good.
The jerk chicken was fantastic! The oxtail was ok. Part of what makes oxtail great is the right gravy. This was too watery to be considered gravy . I will try them again because everyone has an off day and the jerk chicken alone is worth the trip.
Taste wise 4 star, as the food does taste good, service 4 star the guy working the counter was very nice. I would give an overall of a 4 star, but gave 3 due mainly 2 price, and as good as the food is, u really do not get very much meat with your food. They do give you plenty of rice/beans with your food, a decent amount of plantains, but very little chicken for what they charge. Overall if the price ever drops, I will absolutely go back for sure!
I've got mixed feelings about this place.  Definitely follow everyone's directions on how to find the place.  The parking is in the back and for those who are squeemish, it's not the best part of the neighborhood.  But for those who don't care - charge on.
The guys/owners were really nice when I came in. A meal is one meat with two sides. I was debating whether to get the jerk chicken or the goat curry so the guy suggested I get both - the second meat would be my side. Well when I went to pay, the bill came out to $21!!!  I had a feeling that it would be slightly more b/c I got two meats.  That's not what upset me.  It was the fact that he FAILED to mention that it was extra.  i figured a few dollars more but it was $7 more.  I thought that should have been significant enough to mention in the beginning.  Not right when I am paying.  That is my only gripe - not mentioning it.  Maybe it's b/c I am a girl they figured they didn't have to?  hmm...  I asked them what was the price difference and they explained it but didn't seem to notice my surprise. In looking at the receipt, they charged me for the goat curry (higher price) and then the extra for the chicken.

But overall everyone is right - the food was really good.  So much flavor in both meats.  A bit salty or lots of msg maybe b/c I was chugging water afterwards.   But it was definitely good.  

So yes, I'd love to go back - the food was great and I could care less about the ambiance, but I wasn't happy about the failing to mention the big difference in pricing...
I wanted to like this place, I love Jamaican food.  I had the jerk chicken which is a whopping $10.95, with cabbage and rice n peas, chicken has ok flavor, rice and peas kind of dry with ok flavor, and cabbage meh, I ate only about 20% of my food the rest went to the garbage!!  Also tried a beef patty the filling was delicious, but the crust was so hard I pretty much only ate the middle, well that was a $15.00 lesson.

  I have been to Jamaica and ate traditional food made by friends and this is nothing like it, so I am sorry to say I will not be going back, maybe other things on the menu are better?  Area is not so great either.
My fiancé and I went there on Friday night. We were greeted by friendly & helpful servers who explained to us newbies what everything was. The food was delicious. I had curry goat and a beef patty and Marie had fricassee chicken. Quite flavorful, nice intense spices, not too hot, just right kick. The steamed red cabbage was really good. The red beans and rice were perfect. And the portions were huge! They have a nice selection of Jamaican soda, make sure to try one or two. Too bad they don't carry Red Stripe, though. Hopefully they will in the future.  The place is kinda small, and I'm not one for eating while facing a wall. so we got our food to go. All in all we had a positive experience and we will be back for sure and would definitely recommend it to our friends. Jamaican food is irie, mon! Just make sure you come early if you want jerk chicken because I saw they were out of it by 7:30 pm.
I have been to Jamaica multiple times, I have Jamaican friends here in the U.S. and when a friend recommended this place, I went immediately to try it.  We have had Jerk chicken, (which was better than what I had in Jamaica last spring!) the veggies, cabbage, etc, all fresh, my husband loves the oxtail and curried goat, we had curried chicken, coconut curry shrimp, my favorite, brown stew chicken, and I had fish too. All amazing.  When I pick it up there, I cannot stay out of the container...it is a 25 minute drive.  I drive dangerously, eating with my fingers, making a mess!  lol Did I mention Patties? YUM. when I go I have to call my sister because she will have me buy a few for her. It is a small clean place, super friendly staff!
I had to join yelp to write a review about this place!!!
I drove from Scottsdale just to get some  jamaican food. . and it was well worth the drive..I ordered the oxtail on a bed of white rice and plantain. The food was spot on... from the flavor and tenderness. . it was Perfect... if your are looking for a fancy sit down restaurant this might not be the place as they have very limited seating..but if it's good jamaican food you want. . look no further
I love Jamaican food.  Caribbean food in general is one of my favorite cuisines.  Some of the best meals I have had were home-cooked by Jamaicans, Puerto Ricans, Trinidadians, and Guayanans.  Unfortunately, Phoenix is nearly bereft of cuisine from this part of the world.  For Jamaican food, you really have the upscale, and barely authentic, breadfruit, the hole-in-the-wall at Mill and Baseline that may not even be open anymore, and now Jerk Hut.  Jerk Hut is easily the best yet.

To say this place is unassuming is an understatement.  Its dinghy facade is not the most inviting exterior you have seen, but don't worry, the people inside are really friendly.

The way this place works is you pick which main course you want (from a menu that changes regularly), and whether you want steamed cabbage and rice and peas on the side.  Sometimes if you're lucky, they'll also have plantains.

I have been here three times, and have had the curry goat, fricassee chicken, and jerk chicken.  All are delicious; you can't go wrong with any of these.  If you haven't had curry goat, try it.  If they have the fricassee chicken, try it.  Really, it's all delicious.

Unfortunately, I haven't been able to try their ox tail yet; they said they have had a difficult time getting a reliable supply.  It's OK, since they always have the curry goat, curry chicken, and jerk chicken, so the trip will never be a waste - but maybe one day I'll arrive and be pleasantly surprised with delicious ox tail.

For beverages, they have cola champagne and Jamaican ginger beer, which are a must to accompany a good island meal.  Unfortunately no sorrel.

Jerk Hut is great food, and a lovable hole-in-the-wall local ethnic restaurant.  Quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants in town.
I stopped by this place shortly before closing to pick up some jerk chicken. Everyone was extremely friendly and tended to me promptly. 
It's a hole in the wall. But aren't those the places that usually have the best food? Yes! They hit it spot on with their authentic cuisine. I had the jerk chicken, steamed cabbage and rice. It was a bit pricey but the portions were huge! I'll definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu!
Jerk chicken is one of my favorite meals. I noticed I had this place bookmarked, and it is close to my work. I decided to finally check it out. The parking was a little challenging as it shares a parking lot with a tattoo shop and there are only a few spots behind the store. Walking inside it was small - a couple of tables up front and a row of seats down the a bar against the wall. 

The man behind the counter was very friendly and when he asked if it was my first time there he walked me through it and made some recommendations. I had the jerk chicken, two styles of rice with "gravy", cabbage, and a couple plantains. I picked up a bottle of Ting as well. 

The chicken was flavorful, not too spicy, and the sides were excellent. While eating another gentleman came up and asked how I liked it. He was very polite and asked if I needed anything else. I saw a plaque stating they won 2013 Best Jerk award, and I can't disagree. It was one of the top that I have had. 

The food was great, the service even better. The one thing I would change is the music. They had a local radio station playing, but I would prefer to hear reggae while eat Jamaican food - make it a total experience. The club music just didn't fit. 
Being that close to work and a good experience, I will definitely be back.
Fun place but pricey. We paid $15 each for a small amount of chicken and a bunch of rice in a styrofoam box. But the food was what we thought it would be and the owner was very nice.
I really enjoy the ambience of this place. The staff was very inviting and warming when I enter. Jamaican food has always been a big part of my life growing up. So I know what it suppose to taste like. So far so good the jerk
 chicken is a must have. With a great mix of spices it will leave your mouth watering. What a great job by jerk hut. Defiantly hard to find good Jamaican food in Arizona.
I've been looking FOREVER for a place that serves Jamaican Beef Patties.  Every where I go in Arizona, nothing!

I found this place on yelp and read that they do serve them so I just had to feed my cravings and give it a try.

I'm not fond of Jamaican food so this review is pretty much on their store and beef patties.

It's a small store with few seating but the place is homey.  They had a few jamaican dishes and combos available for a decent price.  

I came for the Beef Patty and to my surprise they were fresh.  It wasn't as flaky as I'm used to eating it, however the taste was there and that was the most important thing.  The lady gave me a little warning that it had a bit of spice to it, however it was a spice I could handle.  Definitely better than a Golden Crust beef patty.  I just wish they had coco bread to go along with it.

I'm definitely going to make the trip back just for these awesome delicacies.
I went here with a co-worker a few weeks back when they were just opening up.  The food and service were excellent.  The portion was just right.  Today we went back again and see they have a lunch buffet.  This was wonderful!!  $6.95 for all the great Caribbean Food you can eat.  Service makes you feel very welcome too.
Stopped in today for dinner.  Place was empty but the food was amazing and the service was great. Coming back for sure.  They will be chaning to an all you can eat buffett.
I ate here when they first opened and it was a great buffet for $6.95.  Went back last week and was very disappointed.  Arrived a little after noon and was told "they were running a little behind, so not everything was out".  There were 3-4 different chicken dishes and 2 fish (I think?) dishes, and a pasta.  All the fish and chicken dishes were tough and overcooked.  The pasta was good, but just basically spaghetti with a thin tomatoey sauce.  There was a shrimp dish that was so salty I could not eat it.  Two more dishes came out, an eggplant dish and pork chops.  The pork chops were like hockey pucks.  It is really too bad, as I like frequenting local places instead of chains, but probably won't return.  Also, the price has gone up to $7.95.  The only saving grace is the owner is very nice and personable.
i am a fan!  check out the weekday lunch buffet - it's a great opportunity to sample the variety of food they serve.  (and it's pretty cheap!)  i always take extra helpings of the plantains, as well as the yucca fries and sauce.  so delish.  on weeknights, there's also a decent special on the dish of the night.  always tasty, always a good value.  be sure to indulge in dessert too.  the flan is pretty amazing here.
Young lady on the line was very disrespectful. Food took 2 hours to deliver. Ordered the Brown stew chicken. There is chicken, but where the stew? More light brown that brown stew like my moms used to make. Oxtail is OK, again colors off, taste is ok. Real Jamaicans cooking, just not very well. With the 2hour wait for food it ain't worth the bad customer service.
This place sucks...point blank period!!! Growing up on the East Coast; living amongst Jamaicans...I have had the opportunity to eat real Jamaican cuisine...and this is not it. The rice and peas tasted like crap.The texture was overcooked and flavorless. You cant tell me they did'nt use 10 Minute Boil a Bag rice!! The curry chicken was made with chicken breasts, not a whole chicken that gives it flavor when its cut down to the bone marrow.  The curry was bland! My curry chicken tastes wayyyyy better. The cabbage was soggy and again the common blandness. I had high hopes for this place. I feel sorry for these poor Phoenicians who think this is authentic island Yard flavor. Will never go here again.
been there a few times,  was not bad the first time I went.  only complaint I had was  their was more side dish than main course.  So I felt like I was getting a sample of the main dish (curry chicken, goat, etc) while paying full price.  

went again and didn't even finish my meal.  I guess they were having an off day with the flavor. So I'll be looking for another restaurant soon.
Hey it takes some real guts to open up a Restaurant in this current economy, so first off we want to give them a big cheer! We were so happy to have a new place to try and equally happy with the food. They have only been open for two days and still making plans for growth inside the Restaurant. We started off with the mambo platter with Dominican friend chicken and pork. Well the thumbs went up and smiles erupted from everyone's face. Our Friends that joined us that evening are from Jersey and this type of food is popular back there and they were thrilled. The Cuban sandwich was a huge hit and the pickles inside are scrumptious, giving it that perfect snap. The others had pork platters with yellow rice, they licked their plates clean so that was a good indication that it was fantastic. I really enjoyed the Dominican fried chicken, great seasoning on the outside and very moist on the inside. They have a pretty good sized menu and serve breakfast and amazing looking deep dish pizzas and wings. So there are plenty of choices for everyone.
We look forward to dining here again!
I've had a better cuban sandwich at Village Inn. Still trying to figure out what part of the chicken the "Dominican Chicken" is ????  and my salad came after my entree.  Not impressed ....
Ok, so again, I wish you could give a half star. This is a solid 3 1/2, but not quite a 4. Service was very friendly, place is dumpy the way I like it, gyro was very good, tasted excellent. Fries were frozen crap from a bag.

I am a huge lover of Greek style pizza which is impossible to find in this neck of the woods so I am looking forward to giving this a try.
I tried the pizza last night and was happy I did, I ordered the medium, which is the smallest you can get, with 3 toppings and it came in at under $13. The box was very heavy when I picked it up and it survived the 10 min drive home without getting soggy. Plenty of toppings, thick crust, and lots cheese. Much better than anything you can get from any of the crap chain pizza joints. I hope this place does well.
So i have been meening to stop by and try JJs pizza. Well jjs is gone but you can still get their pizza here. I however chose a 2 tostada meal. I had one pork and one chicken. Both were very good but the pork was my favorate of the 2. I also ordered a small soup and a juice. All I had was very good. I will be back.
Just went with my family for the first time today! It was AMAZING!! Everybody ordered something different and shared and we did not eat one thing that we didn't like. What a great variety to choose from. Thank you Eddy for the amazing food and the incredible customer service. This will be our new Go To place to eat!!
I love this restaurant!! The food is delicious and the service is amazing...They always treat us like family.  What a great selection of food to keep you coming back with out getting bored of eating the same old thing. This is definitely  our new go to place to eat.
Great place and great food!
This was my first experience with Dominican food and I was excited to try it, especially having a new and culturally diverse restaurant out here in Queen Creek.

For the record, we ordered takeout.  Maybe if we ate in the restaurant things would have gone better.  One big plus for Mambo's--they poked holes in the Styrofoam containers containing items that should remain crispy such as french fries and plantains.

What we ordered:  Mambo Platter (large) 
                                  Cuban Sandwich
                                  Ham and Cheese Empanada
                                  Seasoned Ground Beef Empanada

The large Mambo platter is HUGE and way too much for two people.  Since my husband did the ordering and pick up, I know he thought he'd want leftovers if the food was good.  Too bad that wasn't the case with the Mambo Platter.  The pork rinds were way overcooked and pretty much inedible.  The plantains were bland and blah.  The Dominican Fried Chicken was pretty good but also overcooked a bit.  Not recommended as takeout.  Not sure I'm willing to shell out $12.00 to try it again at the restaurant (that's the price for the small platter).   The large platter cost us a whopping $22.00.  Way too much for the quality we received even though it was a huge portion.

The Cuban Sandwich was decent.  It was pretty well packed with meat and had good flavor.  It could have been pressed for just a couple more minutes to get that great crunch on the outside and the gooey melt in the middle with the cheese.   Came with bland, underdone french fries.  Reasonably priced at $6.50. 

The standouts from this meal were the empanadas.  Both kinds were excellent!  Wish we'd ordered a shredded chicken one as well.  These tasty treats are the reason I'm willing to go back to Mambo's and try again.  I'd say again and again for the empanadas.  A bargain at $1.50 each, they are deep-fried yumminess.  I'm used to the Mexican sweet  baked version but wanted to try these savory babies.  So glad I did.  If the other food had been on par with these, my review would have been a solid 4.  

I'm definitely going to give Mambo's another try because I'm already craving their empanadas.  Can't speak about their service because I wasn't there but the hubby didn't complain so it much have been okay.
Delicious!  Everything we tried was good.  Defiantly get the Cuban It is scrumptious!

I would go back again and again... Yes I need to go back now!
33.00 for a "Special" and a mofongo that nearly broke my teeth.
I love this place. This is not a chain. Everything is fresh and prepared when you order. On separate visits  I have had the Empanada, the Chimi burger, the Cuban sandwich. All Awesome!  The fried plantains were incredible. On my next visit I will try rice and beans. If you go say hello to Cesar, his dad and cousin Eddie. I highly recommend that you give this place.
Food tastes like home cooking like my grandmother used to make... If she was Dominican. If you're allergic to flavor, you might  want to stay at home and make a bologna sandwich.
This was our first and last visit to this restaurant. We split the Cuban sandwich and the pork was terrible.  My daughter had the chicken salad and it was boring.  The inside of the restaurant smells like fried food And you will leave smelling like the fryer.
They DO NOT deliver.....
Great food....  Beef and chicken empanadas were excellent.  Had steak and yellow rice.  Was just the right amount of spices.  Good atmosphere ( enjoyed watching sports while eating).  Everyone seems really happy here.  Good for families.  Will be back.
Friendly service. Great choices on the menu. I had soup, prawns, sea bass, and a warm tasty fruit desert.  
My husband loved it too.
I was so happy to try this innovative, unique restaurant that is new to Edinburgh. I was pleasantly surprised to see such beautiful presentation of the food of each course that came out (see my pictures!) and also by how delicious each dish was.

I bought a Groupon for a two-course dinner here and last night my boyfriend and I came to try out Riverlife since I had been intrigued by the Caribbean-inspired French menu. The staff were extremely friendly and welcoming, and the menu hosted a great selection of dishes. We had figs wrapped in pancetta and mushrooms stuffed with blue cheese for starters. Each dish had an explosion of flavours and was fantastic (and beautiful!). My boyfriend had the delicious jerk chicken that had fantastic flavour but would have been a tad too spicy for me to have by myself, but I enjoyed a taste. I enjoyed the rack of lamb with potatoes provincale and ratatouille. The restaurant is BYOB which works well if you are suitably prepared. It was a fantastic meal and we also enjoyed delicious coffee to round it out. I enjoyed the fantastic menu and different items that you wouldn't find elsewhere in Edinburgh.
Fresh, innovative... 
Great service, amazing food...
Well worth the commute!
Reading the reviews here I almost feel like I visited Riverlife in a parallel universe instead of the French and Caribbean restaurant that everyone seems to be raving about. 

I went here on a Saturday with a friend and we had a voucher. 

What we were expecting to get with the voucher:  

A Nine course French Provençale banquet for two including seafood bisque, warm goats cheese, seared fillet of sea bass, rib eye steak, rack of lamb, confit duck leg, caramelised sun blush tomato and red onion tarte tatin and pork scallop all served with dauphinois potatoes and vegetables plus a trio of cheeses served with assorted crackers plus tea and coffee to finish.


What we actually got served: 

Massive bowl of bisque - I had a few spoonfuls but left the rest since I had 8 more courses to go

Warm goats cheese salad: Grilled goats cheese with leaves and a balsamic glaze. Nice but nothing to write home about. I again only ate half of it so I could leave room for the rest of the 7 courses.

We then had individual plates placed before us that contained the tarte tatin which had what Mary Berry would call a very soggy bottom, potatoes, boiled carrots and broccoli. 

We were then presented with an elongated tray which had 5 different items on it. 

Overcooked, grey and dry slices of steak with a red wine gravy

Overcooked, dry duck with a red wine gravy

Overcooked, dry lamb with a red wine gravy. 

Overcooked, dry pork with a white tasteless sauce.

Grilled seabass - cooked to perfection with a garlic butter sauce

We ditched the meats after a valiant effort of trying to unsuccessfully chew them. 

I ate the Sea Bass with the vegetables on my plate. 

The waiter seemed unperturbed by the barely touched food on the tray. I looked around and noticed that a few other diners with the meat tray had left theirs untouched too.  

We were then asked if we wanted the trio of cheese OR tea/coffee. Not AND as detailed on the voucher. OR. 

I waited for my coffee wishing there had been a way to swap the unpalatable selection of meats for another bit of the Sea Bass. 

Or have them bring my unfinished bowl of soup or salad back. 

Or even the basket of bread that I had left untouched and had asked to be taken away :(

A group of 15 people arrived just as we were about to leave. They had the look of eager anticipation on their faces that I had entered the restaurant with..... I wanted to slide them a little note to say 'Run out of here, fast as you can, or least steer clear from the meats' 

I then saw the vouchers for the 'banquet' being handed to the waiter. They were beyond saving.
I visited Riverlife a couple months ago for their nine (!) course French Provençale banquet on offer.  We booked mid-week and the restaurant was pretty dead.  There was only a family of 4 and us in the place, so there wasn't much atmosphere but I guess it is a bit off the beaten track (in Dalry) and relatively unknown. The interior was quite plain, cheap and a little dull so first impressions didn't fill me with excitement.  

There was some confusion over the booking and the waitress said there maybe some wait between course as the chef was not prepared for the 9 course banquet, however it wasn't noticeable and the time waiting was filled while drinking our BYOB red wine, with free corkage! 

Our starters included seafood bisque, which was very creamy and tasty, so far so good! Our second starter was warm goats cheese salad, also delicious and plate was scraped clean!  So far the starters had been served on separate plates so I expected the following courses to be the same, but instead next 5 courses were presented on one large long dish to share.  There was two of each seared fillet of sea bass, rib eye steak, rack of lamb, confit duck leg and pork scallops.  The sauces used on each meat were all very similar, a red wine gravy, however the seabass had a lovely garlic butter sauce in it's own small dish.  The other meats however were a bit gristly and of poor quality.  These meats were eaten along side a plate each of caramelised sun blush tomato, red onion tarte tatin, dauphinois potatoes and vegetables.  

Then came our dessert, a lemon tart (very sickly sweet) and a selection of cheeses to share.  Although we were already full after the previous 7 course, the desserts portions were very small and uneventful.  So generally the meal was enjoyable and we rolled out of the restaurant will our bellies full, but I won't return for the 9 course banquet, maybe try something else from the menu instead.  The overall bill was very reasonable due to the BYOB.
We were her on an voucher for a French 3 course meal.
The service was efficient, very friendly and welcoming. The meal however was more an hit and miss.
The starter of warm goats cheese was not warm. The Blue cheese filled (button!) breaded mushrooms were not tasting of blue cheese.

The jerk chicken breast was a little dry but the sauce was excellent, however... it was all on my wife's plate, because I opted for the duck. The duck was tasty, but not very well prepared. No crispy skin and could have been less chewy. The cherries were very pleasant.

Dessert: creme brulee! And it was 'crack' (yeah!) and not too runny (yeah x 2!).. but not hot or even warm enough (booh..)

The coffee was so so. 

I can only conclude that the chef is good, but missing refinement. The sauces and additions were spot on, the meats and the flavours need work. 

We will be back to see if anything has changed
A group of 7 of us went last night for a wonderful birthday dinner. As a vegetarian I was hesitant, because there aren't HEAPS of vegetarian options, to be precise, there are 2 vegi main course options.

The staff were wonderful, very friendly and helpful. They brought out fresh bread before our mains came, which was lovely, because we didn't order starters. Also we took great advantage of the BYOB with no corkage!

Our mains came, everyone ordered something different, but everything was beautifully presented! My mushroom and lentil fricassee was divine, everyone else seemed happy with theirs!

There was a hen do in at another table and a guy who worked there started playing guitar for a wee sing along with them at the end of the night. We thoroughly enjoyed this, especially when he then came over to us to sing happy birthday to my friend.

It's not in my end of town, and I wouldn't have considered going there before, but I am extremely keen to go back.
Small restaurant tucked in a strip mall. Very clean and cherelrful lady who is server. Cook. And dishwasher. I ventured for the jerk chickken and it was great. The chicken had marinated in a fantastic jerk sauce and cooked to moist perfection. It was served over fluffy rice with red beans, some grilled peppers, onions and cabbage. The fried plantains were the perfect compliment to this home cooled meal. I highly recommend you try this place. I will be back soon.
AZ is lacking true home cooked flavorful foods.  This place is clean, small, & new.  Owner& cook& server all in one is friendly, smiling, & warm each time I've gone now.  Food is authentic Trinidadian, great spice, freshness too.  I don't know how she can maintain this combination.  Not pretentious like some Jamaican joints in town.  Great place to try ox tail, goat, & bus up shot roti.
Have to give it a 5!! Had the jerk chicken......Excellent!! The woman who served me even came out with a little ox tail for me to try....she got me hooked!! Definitely coming back for the whole meal.
First time ever been there, the lady and man was extremely friendly. It was a nice, clean environment. I had the ox tail, it was very tender and moist. A bit on the spicy side. It was also a little greasy. But other then that I will be returning. Next time it's the curry goat!!
Had a craving for jerk chicken and decided to give this place a try based on Yelp reviews. I got there and couldn't decide b/t the ox tails and the jerk chicken so I ordered both..at worse I'd have leftovers for tomorrow.

The atmosphere was friendly everyone greeted me upon entering and I would consider the place a great little hole in the wall to grab a bite on a hot day and relax.

My oxtails were just OK, I feel like they could have been better, not as flavorful as I was expecting but they were tender. I ordered JERK chicken because that is what I had an initial taste for, imagine my disappointment when I got home and realized they gave me CURRY chicken instead. I knew I wasn't going to leave back out to head back over that way to get my order corrected so I simply settled for that. The chicken was moist and very tender it just wasn't what I ordered. The rice and peas were as expected.

Make sure you double check your food before leaving to avoid my dilemma. Not the worst place, but I wouldn't be in a rush to go back either. Most of the meal items are $9.95 and the side items range from $2.00/$2.95.
My boyfriend and have been looking for Caribbean cuisine for sometime and came across this place on Yelp. After reading some of the reviews and looking at the pictures of the food we had to go! The food was absolutely amazing and the staff was so nice!!!! The portions are out of this world. We had to take a lot of it to go. We had the Curry Goat and Ox Tails. All we could do was look at each other as we dug in. It was so good, all we wanted to do is go to sleep after wards. If that's not good I don't know what is! We will be back very soon!!! If you love Caribbean cuisine please try this place!!!!!
Absolutely loves it every single time that I have been here.  I don't live by but it's definitely worth the drive
Jerk Chicken! Not for the faint-hearted. I ordered over the phone after reading some of the good reviews on different sites. Jerk Chicken plate for myself and Oxtail plate for my hubs. We also got sides of Aloo pies, plantains, doubles and Pholorie. Had to get the Solo sodas! We missed trini food from when we used to live in Queens New York, this def made up for it! The lady was so nice she threw in a double with pepper on the house for us to try! Everything was delish, we even had left overs for the next day. My 1 year old went to town on aloo pie. The fam loved it! Definitely coming back to this place again. 
This may be a small hole in the wall place, but the food is #amaze!
This is a very small and NOT FANCY but clean Caribbean Bistro with only Five Tables. You order at the counter and seat yourself and YOU WAIT a half hour or more for your food. 

I have to say the food was worth the wait.

I had the Red Snapper Whole Fish Stew. It was delicious anybody would enjoy it. The fish was fresh and prepared perfect in a tasty tomato broth loaded with lots of fresh crunchy vegetables. The dish came with tasty plantains, a salad garnish and enough rice studded with just cooked beans to feed a family.

My husband had the Jerk Chicken. It was powerful with spice and heat and isn't a dish for the timid. The chicken in it was very fresh tasting and very tender and the plate had a similar set up to mine.

The people working there seemed very friendly and asked us often how everything was.

I do need to note I'm not certain if they have a public restroom. I only saw one door in the dining room that led to the kitchen with a sign that reads Do Not Enter. I did notice a hand sanitizing station by where you leave your used plates.

The place is clean, I noticed a Grade "A" Maricopa Health Inspection.

The Prices are very low.

This is a place that's worth checking out!
The place is very authentic.  We tried their oxtail with red beans and rice j with a cabbage salad. The oxtail had a lot of flavor  , it goes well with the rice . We also had their  curry goat and potatoes. This had a rich  and thick  curry sauce that goes  well with the roti
Estamos esperando el gran opening, será el 3/15/14 Te esperamos. Pon la fecha en tu agenda
Never ate Dominican food before but this was very good! Cooked perfectly. Had pepper beef and rice and a bowl of beans. I also got a complimentary simple fresh salad and free glass of the best pink lemonade I ever drank. I will be back!
Food is incredible!! Pollo guisao moro & plantanos is a must have!! Will definitely be coming back.
WOW, this is the best Caribbean/Latin restaurant of any kind I have experienced in AZ. Honestly Its better than the Dominican spots in NYC.

I had the Pollo Guisado. Chicken was cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the sauce added great flavor to the rice that was already perfect on its own. The platanos maduros were some of the best I have ever had.  The food here is made with pride and attention to detail, everything I tasted was AUTHENTIC. 

Don't forget to try the Morir soñando, a delicious milky citrusy drink that by itself is enough reason to return to Sazon Bachata.
Food may be good.  But you have to pay attention to service. If you have a teenager taking orders that has her headphones on at the same time she is taking orders she is bound to make a mistake.  Service is as important as the food. Hire some one that is there to pay attention. 

Will never come back again. Print a menu so the customer doesn't have to wait 30 minutes for you to write it on the blackboard.  Don't open your doors until you are ready.
I really wanted to like this restaurant, but I didn't. No Customer service skills, very small place, Food was Overpriced,the taste of the food was average. If they don't change their skills or prices they won't last very long. They thing the restaurant is located in Scottsdale with their prices. Sorry but we won't be back
Closed on Monday
This Is Authentic dominican food what a good experience we had coming here , family owned and very delicious food.Every time I eat there my tummy is satisfied and I feel great.you can tell they use quality ingredient.5/5 Love this plate!!!
Wow. Go now. For their food, not the luxurious surroundings. Dominican food that is, simply, delicious. Went there for lunch today - shrimp in garlic sauce. Perfection. 

Sat next to a Dominican from New York who, having found out yesterday that today's special would be mashed plantains fasted until lunch so he could eat them with the necessary gusto. So will I the next time it's on special.

How many restaurants in your life have such a dish? Add this one to it.
I love all types of food from all over the world! I moved to Arizona in 2009, I've traveled all over the world & I am very opened minded to different cultures.

Caribbean food is my absolute favorite, I love Cuban, Dominican, Puerto Rican, & Jamaican food. They all have there own unique "SAZON" meaning Seasoning! Which they all take a very special pride in, in other words grandmas secret recipe!

The moment I stepped into SAZON BACHATA I knew I was in for a treat, I could smell the well seasoned food immediately, the atmosphere is not the richest but it sure felt like I was in my moms kitchen & who cooks better than mom? NOBODY LOL

I HAD THE POLLO GUISAO with ARROZ BLANCO/Chicken stew over white rice...AMAZING IF I MAY ADD, my sides included fresh Avocado slices! Platano Maduros that complimented the meal very nicely. 2 drink, I had the morir soñando which was very refreshing in this Arizona Heat! Try it...you will not be disappointed. 

For the earlier reviewers I enjoyed the 16 year  old young server who helped my party, Just like most Latino family's showing there young daughter what hard work is all about! 

It's small...it's perfect, I guess it's a family thing ;)
Authentic, friendly, clean and most importantly excellent food.. Folks who go to Bachata must appreciate the environment is driven with a sense of warmth and familial appreciation.. Don't expect a "Chain food" environment.. You can expect quality food and genuine friendly down to earth service.  My family and I will continue to eat their.. 

By the way,  YOU HAVE TO TRY their Sancocho and Carne Guizada.. Awesome place..
no very imprese