This tiny, unpretentious Cuban restaurant is hidden away in one of the area's many strip malls. There are a number of items ideal to share as starters, including tostones, twice-fried green plantains served with a garlic dipping sauce, and croquetas de jamon o pollo, minced ham or chicken croquettes served with a pimento aioli. Most of the entrees are served with rich black beans and rice, and you can't go wrong with either pollo Cubano, a boneless breast of chicken marinated with lime, orange and garlic and sauteed with sweet onions, or the bistec empanisado, a slender steak marinated in lime, garlic and spices, lightly breaded, and pan-fried. The portions are huge, so bring home a doggie bag for a nosh later in the night.
cool place... very small... the servers were very nice and let us know what to get... we tried a few tapas but I want to go back to have a full on tapas meal...

like below the pollo cubano is great... but i would recommend getting a side of guac... that made it even better... for dessert get the Caribbean candy bar... it is a coconut flan with chocolate sauce and other yummies... between that and the Cuban coffee I would go back anytime...

one bad thing... they make you valet... even though it is free plus tip a pain in the A, since they park the car 20 feet from the door...
Outstanding! A Valley Legend!

This is one of my all time favorite Valley restaurants. Great food, very warm and friendly service, and great drinks. 

Might I suggest the Pollo Cubano or the Cho Cho. The latter may be one of the best kept secrets in Arizona.

We need more restaurants like Havana!
A little pricey for my liking, but good nonetheless.  I really like the feel of the restaurant: part Cuban, part Puerto Rican, part Spanish, all classy.  A guitar player jammed away in a completely non-annoying way while we ate our meal and, to me, that is an accomplishment.

Our Calypso Chips were outstanding.  To die for.  One of the best appetizers I can think of at the moment.  For my entree, I ordered the Ropa Vieja which was made up of the most perfectly tender beef and tasty rice with beans.  A little heavy with the peppers, however.

Does anybody else think plantains smell like feet?  My date pointed this out and, although I was surprised, I'm inclined to agree.  That won't stop me from putting some into my stomach as soon as humanly possible.
Bring on the mojitos!  Or a pitcher of sangria. Both are terrific at Havana.  Even if you aren't interested in alcohol you are in luck. This place is worth it without the booze too.

Every time I come here I am so happy. The place is usually bustling and busy, yet I never have to wait. The service is so friendly that I feel valued as a patron and the food is great.  

Some of the dishes I recommend: 

- The salads are out of this world. All of them are a good choice. My fave involves onions, avocados and mangoes

- The Cho-Cho is a great vegetarian dish. I'm a flesh eatin', animal killin' meat eater but I still enjoy this menu item

- Fish! Every fishy is yummy here. The best are the Sea Bass, Shrimp and the Tilapia

 - The Pollo Cubana is an excellent basic chicken/rice/bean dish 

 - The Ropa Vieja was okay. Pretty good but not out of this world

- The desserts are excellent. The coconut flan with mango sauce is my new favorite thing ever 

- They put limes in my diet coke. YES! Nice touch.

* One word of caution: They make you valet during the weekend. Not a fan of the unnecessary (but very personable) valet. Boo!

** Second word of caution: The bathrooms are outside and around the corner. Be prepared to feel like you are walking down a shady alley if you have to pee. Maybe fear of an alley attack is part of the charm. Just like in Cuba, I guess.
It would take a lot of mojitos and sangria to get me back to Havana Cafe anytime soon. Is the food bad? No. But Cuban food is a bit bland on my taste buds next to other foreign cuisines The San Juan Platter I had was kind of plain, and only a garlic sauce gave some of the items any taste at all. The pollo cubano was pretty much chicken soaked in lime juice and buried in sauteed onions. 

But those mojitos and sangria are definitely tasty, and the waiting staff is excellent. It seemed, though, a woman I guess was the owner thought a Saturday night would be a great time to conduct a rather loud discussion about marketing and operations for Havana Cafe. That sliced into the already dull atmosphere. 

Another complaint: Why does Havana Cafe feel the need to take up its entire front parking lot with valet parking? I'm neither too lazy to walk, not do I enjoy having strangers drive my vehicle. For a parking lot so small in a climate so mild, valet parking is just stupid. 

Really, if I want a fairly fancy Latin-flavored meal, I'll just head over to Asi es la Vida or Mucho Gusto Taqueria. Both restaurants are a lot more inventive, interesting and memorable.
i've had florida's cuban food made with love from cubans. i didn't know that some of their boats floated out to the desert in arizona. whoever their navigator was must have been drunk from salt water. though arizona should throw them a parade because they brought some awesome flavors to the land of beige from their $3 mojitos (all day on monday) to their gambas y pollo. 

the only major thing that was lacking on my visit was timeliness by the kitchen. we waited quite a bit for our entree; though i blame it on a large meeting held in the next room. i knew that they were busting their butts because the chefs himself brought out our food (without a "this is hot" caution). it was pipping hot enough to burn my tongue but the flavors still came through.
Wow, are all restaurants in Phoenix closed on Monday evenings?  After getting denied from Los Sombreros, my friend and I stumbled upon Havana Cafe.  We both ordered chicken dishes: mine with onions, peppers and rice, her's in a big metal pot.  Both were generously portions (her's especially came with almost a whole chicken), reasonably tasty, but nothing special.  The tres leches dessert was pretty good, but also nothing to write home about.

They have really cheap Margarita Monday specials!
A party of four entered a small "Cuban Cafe" settled in between a dying strip mall. The wait service was below average. The mojitos were above average. The seafood was cooked well. But was it extremely memorable? No.

The dessert sampler were pretty good for the price. But if I was in Arizona again, I'd pass on this place.
Max Fischer: What was your major?

Rosemary Cross: I didn't have a major, but my thesis was on Latin American economic policy.

Max Fischer: Oh, that's interesting. Did you hear that they're not going to teach Latin anymore?

Rosemary Cross: This was more like Central America. 

Ha.  Okay.  That exchange doesn't have anything to do with my review of Havana Cafe, only that it dances with the South-of-the-Equator theme.  Which, in actuality, is the same concept of Havana Cafe.  That is, its a Cuban restaurant with heavy Latin American themes. 

First, and I must emphasize, FOREMOST, their alcohol selection is nothing short of brilliant.  They import an enormous amount of South American and European-cum-Latin influenced wines and serve it both by the ounce and the liter.  Fascinatingly, they have Portuguese reds, which i have been exhaustively looking for, either in-store or dine-in around the valley.  Praise be, I've finally found the place!  They also offer Argentine reds and whites, Chileans Sav Blancs, and Spanish Tempranillos.  Perfect selection, and VERY reasonable for their exclusivity.  Their Douro was a serf-encouraging $8.  That's not very many Escudos, no not at all.

For beer, they had several unique selections, most notably the inclusion of Argentina's Quilmes.  Honestly, i cannot remember what other selections they had, though i remember being roused by the list, only to be seduced by the Porteno brew of choice.

Their selection of rums, and the accompanying list of rum cocktails was also impressive, though sadly sans Havana Club Rum due to America's archaic embargo vs the snarky nation of Cuba.  Blast.

When the food came out, I was impressed by the presentation.  To start, my gf found it in her gullet to order the hearts of palm/carrot/various rabbit food appetizer, which was heavily drowned in vinegar.  i liked it, but she didn't care for it all too much.  My app was the serving of 3 croquetas filled with ham with a side of mildly spicy aioli.  Not bad, but slightly mushy.  Fry them up a couple more minutes and I would have gladly accosted my taste buds with volcanic pork pieces even further.

My entree was the poached chicken with shrimp and rice, which tasted well and good on the first try, but went up to 11 on the re-heat the next day.  Fucking glorious.  My gf had the stuffed squash with a Jamaican curry cream sauce.  She was thrilled with it because she likes vegetables and shit, and this was the motherload of veggie heaven -- veggies filling veggies like some plant orgy.

Okay, so why the empty star?  

Its pricey.  What was meant to be a casz dinner ended up surpassing the century mark.  Not a problem really, since we got 2 rounds of the good stuff, plus basically dinner/lunch out of it, but it COULD turn some people off.  All in all, i felt it was slightly over-valued. 

Still, this will NOT keep me from coming back.  There is just too much fucking potential here and so many unfurled selections. I've gotta take down their wine list.  I wonder if they offer an around-the-world-wine-club card like some cheesedick chain like The Yard House.  I will be here for as many happy hours and apps as is necessary to finance the country of Cuba and bypass any restrictions put onto me by the governments.  Go here and do your part too.
Havana Cafe has long been a family favorite.  I developed a taste for Cuban food during trips to Florida and Puerto Rico.  Sadly our government will not allow me to visit Cuba.  This is by no means the best Cuban restaurant on the planet but this is Phoenix where there are not a lot of choices.  For appetizers the Tostones are always a hit and the Maduros Fritos are good as well.  The black bean soup is well worth it.  My favorite entrees are Boliche Mechado and Picadillo.  For lunch (or dinner if you are so inclined) the Cuban sandwich, while not the equal of those from the late lamented Chary's Place, are worth the trip.

We prefer the Camelback location, but used to live out in the burbs near the Greenway restaurant and found it fun and convenient, although a little more casual.  The plastic chairs on the indoor patio on Greenway are a little uncomfortable.
Firstly, this is Arizona turn the air conditiioning on! Normally I am not big on atmosphere, but when its 80 degrees plus outside, I expect a comfortable temperature. I had to sit outside since the inside was stuffy, and the black curtains did not do my comfort level any justice. 

Now that I am done ranting a bit, lets get on to the food. At this point, unfortunately, it does not get any better. We ordered the Pasteles, a tamale with pork, plantains, raisins, and spices, for an appetizer, and it was not that great. The masa was a bit dry, and the flavors weren't as scintillating as I expected, especially for the price. 

For our entrees we had the Ropa Veija (shredded beef in spices with black beans and rice), which once again was not anything spectacular. This was the highlight of the meal, which to me is sad. The beef was a bit tough and the moros (rice and black beans mixed) was dry. Sadly, our other entree was much worse. This title is held by the Pollo Cubano (marinated chicken breast with onions). The chicken was tender on the bright side, but it was covered with onions that were disgustingly soaked in lime. The flavor was overwhelming and I could taste nothing other than lime. 

Considering the price, atmosphere, and quality of Havana Cafe's food I will never return. If you must try this restaurant, I ask you to please not order the items mentioned above.
I visited this place about a month ago for a birthday celebration.  I started with a mojito which was pretty tasty.  We tried the plantain chips and my son had the cuban steak while I had another meat dish (which I can't remember now.)  My daughter didn't care for the plantain chips which made more for the rest of us.  We were too full for dessert so we skipped out.  It came to a little over $100.00 for five of us so I suppose that was pretty reasonable.  The restaurant was pretty quiet on Saturday afternoon, but I suspect it was hopping by evening time (oh if only I could get my family out for the nightlife!)
Pretty tasty Cuban food.

The ropa vieja was flavorful, but a little tough.
The chicken and pork were very good,
Marinated in tropical and spicy flavors
The cho-cho (chayote in Spanish) was excellent
The sauce tasted a lot like Hollandaise sauce though? (Strange)

Service was very attentive.
I would gladly eat here again!
Never been to Cuba, but I really respect its food.  The food is filled with flavors really brining the Cuban culture to through its food.  This is a traditional ma and pa restaurant that can open your eyes to new flavors.
I've been to each of the three locations of Havana Cafe and have never been disappointed. The food is always delicious and I had the best mojitos I've ever had at Havana Cafe. 
It can be a bit pricey, but the food is definitely worth it.
What more can I say that the other reviewers haven't already said? Havana Cafe is fantastic! I believe I may have been Cuban in a former life because I absolutely love the flavors of Cuban cooking. And, going to this restaurant somehow makes me feel like I'm right at home. The food is comforting to me -- delicious black beans & rice, unbelievably tasty maduros fritos and wonderfully scrumptious pollo cubano and chicharrones de pollo!

The atmosphere is great too.  You feel like you've escaped the desert and been transported to a cool tropical Caribbean hideaway. It's very laid back, low-key and unstuffy, yet they offer a very inviting and classy dinning experience. 

Their lunch menu is much more affordable than their dinner one, but even then the prices are decent for an awesome meal with great atmosphere. Havana Cafe will always be my favorite place to go for great Caribbean cuisine.
Love Havana Cafe! I used to travel to Florida monthly for work and got a little spoiled (and addicted) by the great cuban food selection. HC isn't on par with some of those places, but it's darn good and it's the best Cuban food I've found in Phoenix.

The flavors are fresh and robust. Personal favorites are the Pollo Cubano (chicken marinated in citrus, onion, and lime), the Arroz con Pollo (chicken with safron rice, chorizo, and asparagus-with other yummy stuff), and the Paradise Pulled Pork (with onions, sweet peppers, and habaneros).  The Ropa Vieja and Cho Cho are good choices too, but they aren't my favorites. 

My absolute favorite thing at Havana are the Completas. These are full meals for 4 to 6 people (depending on your appetite) that are packed up and waiting for you to take home and enjoy in comfort. There are several selections (http://www.havanacafe-az.com/recipes/index.php) priced between 29.95 and 34.95. Each meal comes with your choice of entree and 
Moros (black beans & rice cooked together)
Cuban Cabbage Salad
Maduros (sweet, fried plantains)
Freshly baked Cuban Bread
Chocolate Bread or Rice Pudding

You can call anytime during the day and order up your choice with a pick up time. IT"S FREAKIN GREAT!!!

As others have mentioned, the mojitos are fabulous and luckily for us, they have been kind enough to publish their recipe http://www.havanacafe-az.com/recipes/index.php

Service at Havana can be a little slow, but that's very true to it's cuban roots. Food is an event in this culture and is to be relished... not rushed. So sit back, relax, and enjoy the gastric ride.
Three locations??  I'll have to look into that, I've been to the one on Bell and the one on Camelback and a great time was had by all on both occasions! 
I got hooked on Cuban food whilst visiting the sister in law down in Florida many years back.  I've not had a Cuban sandwich that rivals those on South Beach here in Phoenix, not like that's any big surprise...Havana Cafe is about as good as it gets in the Valley.  And thankfully they actually do a pretty good job!
Try thier paella next time, I thoroughly enjoy their version.
One of my favorite things to do is go hike the echo canyon side of camelback and then cruise down the hill to Havana Cafe. The best mojito in Phoenix hands down no arguments please! The black bean fritters, o my holy ****! So good! Everything on the menu here is very well done. I have a good amount of Cuban food and this is one of my all time favorite spots. Good ethnic food is hard to come by in the Southwest and this place sets a good example. Heads up ladies, This place is full of Latin charm so go with your girls and your drinks will be nice and strong!
First, I'd like to send a shout-out to Irma, our server who has given me hope that there are caring hospitable people in the food industry.  Irma receives 5 stars for taking good care of me and my sweetheart during our recent date at the Havana Cafe. Way to go Irma!

We step into a well packed restaurant on a Friday night with plans to try the Sailor's Paella Special and a few cocktails. We wait for just a few seconds until we are greeted by Irma and her warm smile and are led to our table. Our cocktail orders are taken immediately, 1 Mojito and 1 White Sangria. Both exceeded our expectations and were just thing to get our date started.

The ambiance is whimsical and charming - Reminded me of the movie "The Bird Cage" without the drag queens and dramatic dialogue. Bummer!

Now on to the Paella. It was the perfect dish for the evening offering plenty of shrimp, calamari, crab, scallops, muscles, tuna and a healthy serving of saffron rice. This meal also requires a little handy work to get to the crab and muscles but you are given the proper instruments to do so. This may not be the best choice for those who do not enjoy this kind of food activity but we had a lot of fun with it.  We will be back soon to try another interactive meal and partake of a round or two of Mojitos. 

So if you are in the mood for something different, fun, and oh so delicioso, I recommend you try a night out at the Havana Cafe. I also hope you have the pleasure of meeting a groovy gal who goes by the name Irma.
I love the food here!!! usually get the Pollo Cubano which is delicious. I also like getting the Plantanes (look at the pictures, it's the one with the fried bananas) the bean dip is out of this world! i usually take my friends here to eat and they all seem to like it. this is also a nice place to take that special someone out on a lovely date. it's relaxing and the valet parking makes it seem like you're a million bucks. hahaha
"Its like im on vacation! "said Nathan as we were waiting to get our food. "It is... I could use the sounds of the ocean though" then Nathan replies with, "im just replacing the traffic sounds with ocean sounds" Good stuff man! 

Nice outdoor seating and lighting, also the heatlamp was effing awesome! it really does have the remote feel, I felt like I was far far away... instead I was only a block from my place. 

The food... holy good god... this shit is awesome. I got some chicken dish with a great orangish, spicy-ish sauce which was unreal. I cant wait to try a few other items on the menu. 

The service was nothing to write home about, but who gives a shit with this type of food and atmosphere.
I go here all the time and I love it!  Such great ambiance for such a little place, always cozy and fun to stop in here for a bite.  The tapas are all perfectly spicy or fruity or whatever they want them to be - I usually order a variety every time I go.  The ceviche is great on hot days.  Also a big fan of the repollo relleno.  The desserts are awesome as well, especially the guava empanadas (just let them cool down before you bit into them!).  I don't usually order the meals, but when I have, they have been very good.  I am definitely more a fan of just ordering a bunch of tapas.  Also, great mojitos and sangria!  Very cute and pleasant place.  Great service, very friendly people.
This restaurant is consistently one of our favorites and we ALWAYS take company there when we have them in town.  The menu is imaginative and fresh!  The staff is very helpful and prompt.  You must have the Calypso chips when you go.  The Carribean Candy Bar for dessert is definately shareable.  Try it!!!
I love Havana Cafe. I lunch with my grandma here once a month. We meet up before the lunch rush, right when they open at 11:30am. The pollo cubano is all I've ever ordered. It's soooooo good that I don't feel the need to try anything else. The pollo cubano comes with black beans, rice and plantains. The carmelized onions on top of the chicken are sweet and divine.
If people in heaven eat, Havana Cafe is doing the catering. 

We had dinner here last night. When we first walked in, the decor and the plastic chairs were a bit off-putting, given the menu isn't exactly full of budget meals. But we quickly got over that when the Capirinhias arrived. 

The food: 
Potage de Frijoles Negros- hands down the best black bean soup i've ever had. I could easily eat just this for days. 

Pollo Cubano- The chicken and onions are very citrusy, and the meat is tender. You really have to like onions to fully appreciate this dish. Three stars.

Gallina Frita- Fantastic. The shredded chicken was full of flavor, and the onions and spices complemented each other perfectly. The rice and beans that come with this dish are different (Moros) than the standard, and they are wonderful. The dish also comes with plantains, which are good, if you like plantains. Five stars.

Chicharrones de Pollo- I wasn't a big fan of this one. It's fried chicken, but it had a very odd flavor from the citrusy marinade. I guess I am too ingrained in my ways regarding fried chicken because this just didn't do it for me. Another strange thing about this dish is the chicken itself- rather than having a leg or a thigh, the fried chicken pieces were the meat pieces used for making chicken wings. Two stars.

Bistecs Cubanos (Encevollado style) - I don't like beef. This steak, however, is probably the one beef dish I could eat with abandon. The meat is pounded thin and smothered with onions. Five stars, because I hate beef, and I loved this. 

Pudin de Pan con Helado- I tend to shy away from bread pudding because of the usually disgusting consistency. We ordered this on a recommendation from the server, though, and it was fantastic. Chocolate bread pudding with chocolate chips....yum. Top it with ice cream and you've made a great thing even better. Four stars. 

We didn't try anything from the tapas menu, or any of the other entrees that sound delicious. We'll definitely be back.
Haven't been to the Havana Cafe in years.  Forgot all about it until a friend suggested that we have lunch there.  The service was great and so was the food.  Can't remember what the name of the entree was that I ordered, but it was spicy shredded beef with  two skewers of grilled zucchini and mushrooms and plantains as well .... all very good!  

I will put Havana Cafe on the rotation of lunch time spots!
This is w/out a doubt the worst food I've had since I've been living in Phoenix.
I gave it 2 stars, because the service was great, although the constant refilling of my water was getting a bit annoying. The food is not authentic, I had the Puerto Rican combo, which none of the food on there was even worth eating, while the hubby ate some traditional Cuban food, which was traditional tasting. 

Wont be going here or recommending this place to anyone, unless they're thirsty.
I am hesitant to write this review seeing all the glorious write ups before me. I came for lunch today and was very disappointed. I ordered the tapas trio and 30 minutes later the server came over to tell me they were out of the sauce for the meatballs and the chef did not want to make a substitution. Not a big deal, but 30 minutes was quite a while to wait to be told to order something else. 

On the servers suggestion I ordered the pollo cubano, it came out very, very dry. It was covered in a citrus sauce that was decent, but even with the sauce and marinated onions on top the chicken was barely edible. 
My friend ordered Arroz con Pollo and the chicken was just as dry, I didn't taste any chorizo and the asparagus was overcooked to a mush.
The sangria was pretty good and had a subtle rose taste.. I'd return just for it.

Like I said with so many good reviews perhaps this was just an off day. I'll certainly go back and give them another try, hopefully with an updated review to follow.
The Hubbs took me here for Valentine's dinner. At first glance the place is a little strange - nice table settings...plastic chairs?? Really pricey...plastic chairs? 

Anyhow, the service was great and the food wasn't too shabby either. We ordered the black bean fritters for an appetizer (OMG YUM!!!!) and a couple of drinks. The drinks were strong, but good. Hey more for your money, right? I ordered the Cuban pot roast and the Hubbs ordered the Chayote Curry Squash. Honestly, I could have just eaten 23782 orders of Black Bean fritters and been okay. My pot roast had a good flavor, but the meat was so completely overdone I almost contemplated sending it back (we were late for a show). The Hubbs' dish was good, a little on the sweet side, but I guess that's Cuban food for ya. Oh - we found the squash sticker in the rice...the manager was nice about it, but didn't say sorry or offer anything (not that we expected it, it's not like it was a fingernail). 

Dessert on the other hand was heavenly. Absolutely heavenly. I had the bread pudding (OMG OMG OMG) and the Hubbs ordered the papaya pastry. SO GOOD. Next time I think I'll skip the entrees altogether and just go for drinks, apps, and dessert. 

I'll be back, either way.
If you want to go to Havana Cafe, follow my lead:

I can't break the delicious habit of starting with a mango rum mojito or sangria depending on my mood. 

No need to order "dinner." Chose 3 tapas... I'll pick two and you can pick ONE. I pick the papa rellena ($6.50) potato croquettes about the size of a tennis ball (one for each of us) filled with ground beef and topped with a delicious lime cilantro sauce (Yes, I used the words delicious and cilantro in the same sentence! Me! The girl who HATES cilantro!!) and the black bean fritters (frituras de frijoles negres $5.25), little poppers accompanied by a scrumptious calypso avocado dip that is laced with either sour cream or cream cheese or both! The third item is your choice. 

Finish it off with a Cuban coffee (a sweetened shot of espresso) and possibly, depending on willpower or lack thereof, the Caribbean candy bar - coconut flan topped with a rum fudge sauce and toasted almonds. 

Truly, this is the best way to enjoy Havana Cafe!
I have been here a couple of times and just not written a review for this location. 

Last time was great everything we ordered was delicious and fresh, this time not so much, at least as my food was concerned. 

On a recent rip to California I visited a Cuban bakery and cafe where I had the most amazing potato balls, that's what they call them there, a mashed potato croquet slightly larger than a golf ball, filled with seasoned ground beef and flash fried and Oh SO Amazing and only .80cents each! WHAT! ;-) 

So when I saw Christina's review describing these fabulous treats I wondered how I over looked them and decided to make my way over to Havana. 

I have to say I was extremely disappointed, 2 golf ball sized, dried out potato balls for $6.50! (see pics)
They were not even edible in my opinion.  
I asked the waiter to take them away.

I also ordered the calamari (see pics)which I was not happy with either but since someone in my party kept eating it, it was a little hard to send back. 
It was very heavy if that makes sense, the crust was so thick and I though it was a tad rubbery but what turned me off the most was the grayish greenish color...........I wasn't going to eat these either.
I went here for lunch the other day and I was surprised i hadn't heard of this place sooner. It was great. The bread was delicious, service and ambiance were superb and the pork sandwich I had was amazing. Everything was seasoned just right and I left feeling very full. It is too bad I had to go to work after because there specialty drinks and import drafts looked great. I will go back for dinner very soon.
I know fellow Yelper Sarah L. will try to outdo me on this review, but I say bring it on.

We arrived to the restaurant @  6:30 which was our reservation time. We had a large group (12) and the table had already been pre-set. I enjoyed that more than seeing servers scurrying around getting tables together, or worse yet, not having the foresight to ensure that there were enough tables for our group. One thing that I did not enjoy about our arrival was the aroma of slightly fermented fish. Although I despise any fish or shellfish in Arizona (save sushi) I thought this place might have higher standards on freshness. Maybe I was smelling their garbage. In any case, my nose did not  get a good first impression.

We sat down and ordered beverages. I started with a mojito and water. The mojito arrived quickly but the water did not. After 5 minutes, I asked our server if I could have water. He did not seem upset or irritable about my request. He got it quickly and for the rest of the evening, my water was constantly refilled. 

The service was unremarkable. Which is good. If I remember something about the service, it is because they hover, or forget or get too personal. The staff was friendly, helpful and quite professional. 

We had thought about getting tapas but people started ordering tapas as entrees and I wanted to enjoy my entree fully. On the next visit I will grab some. For my meal, I ordered the paradise pulled pork which is Tender, lean pulled pork sautéed with onions, sweet peppers, garlic and
herbs, laced with habanero chiles. Served with black beans and rice. The server remarked good choice. I asked him if he was lying. He said no and I believed him. 

As people started receiving their entrees, I could tell that they liked them. I did not observe one person from our group add any salt or pepper to their dish. That says a lot about the preparation of the dish. Most of us are picky eaters. As for mine, it was very savory, with an excellent initial taste that leaves a garnish of habanero heat on the palette. I would compare the taste of it to many beautiful entree aromas I have smelled in the past, only to be disappointed by the actual taste. At Havana, they were not lacking in the taste department. Just to clarify, it hit my olfactory area and matched up with my tongue readily. The beans were divine, the rice was standard and unremarkable (use previous definition). 

The night starts to wear down. One of the lights outside on the patio is a bit bright. I order coffee. The mug has an antiquity look about it. Not what I expected at a restaurant. The coffee was memorable. It had a good initial taste, not too hot, but felt like water as it washed down my throat. I am less apt to order it again.

Dessert came. My mother order the Marquesa de Chocolate a rich and creamy double chocolate paté laced with Grand Marnier and served with whipped cream and toasted walnut (their words). My friend Nicole tasted it and said it was moussy fudge. Although I did not have any, they were quite keen on it. 

Fellow yelper Sarah L. glared at me all evening. And with good reason. My review will be better than hers. 

Overall, the negs were fishy smell and remarkable coffee. Pozs are great food, unremarkable service and decent ambiance.
I've been to each of the three locations and I always leave even more certain that Havana Cafe has earned its spot on my top ten favorite restaurants in Phoenix list.  First time you go, go for tapas - it's a wonderful way to try a little of everything.  And if you have the opportunity to order ANYTHING that comes with banana guava ketchup, DO IT.  I typically dont even like ketchup but... wow.
As a big fan of Cuban food I couldn't help but stop in here.  My husband and I lived in Florida and Cuban food is either dressy or takeout on the corner but it's all AMAZING.  Since moving to Arizona we have missed our weekly fix and so went on a splurge here.  
The dress code threw us for a loop a little, but they didn't kick us out for my having a tank top on so I can't complain too much.  The menu was good, we both had a tough time picking stuff out, but eventually did settle on the pulled pork and the picadillo.  The food was very very good, but the price was outrageous compared to Florida.  I guess that's what competition buys you, lower prices.
We did like the guitar music, it was high enough to be heard, but not so loud that we were drowned out.  
We won't return often, but we will return when the craving strikes us especially hard.
We tried Havana Cafe last night for the first time... 
Without mojitos or sangria, perhaps we didn't get the full experience, so I'll have to return for those and sit inside next time too.  But it was a beautiful night, so our party chose outside instead.  

Irma was our server (see Robert M's review).  She was fabulous.  We started with a variety of empanadas and the black bean fritters.  I was not a fan of the 'calypso avocado dip' that comes on the side of the fritters - it reminded me of store bought guacamole that is so creamy, it doesn't even taste like avocado.  The fritters themselves were alright and same with the empanadas.  Next course was chorizo, fish of the day (halibut), and sides of yucca con mojo and asparagus.  

I'm a huge yucca fan, so it's always a treat for me when I go to a Cuban restaurant... and it delivered at Havana!  Yum... gotta love that interesting texture!

All in all a pleasant experience - I will return with a larger party sometime for the real deal!  Thanks again to Irma for taking good care of us!
I'm sadly disappointed with Havana Cafe.  I ordered the Pollo Ajillo over steamed rice with maduros.  The chicken was over-salted and had a lot of fat.  The rice tasted like something that was microwaved.  It was as if it was a frozen meal which was then plated and heavily salted. The maduros were ok.

I could barely get thru a few bites and felt bad when the hostess asked if she could box up the rest for me and I had to decline.   I'm not one to turn away from salt.  In fact, I''ve been known to add more salt to my food for taste.  So when I couldn't even handle this plate of food, it came as quite a surprise.  I would give Havana Cafe one star but I had a very attentive hostess, so I give Havana 2 stars because of the kind service.
Cute little restaurant, very cramped, but I feel like that is how it should be.  On a hot day, I almost feel like I am in Cuba.  They have a diverse menu, so you are sure to find something for everyone.  This doesn't seem like the ideal place to have a dinner date, but so far I have only had hits with this place.  Everyone I've taken here has loved that food and commented on how cute the restaurant is.  Mmmm...thinking about croquettes is making me crave some Havana Cafe.
This place is a huge dissapoinment. You look at the menu and you get excited thinking. Oh this is going to be good!!!  Then the food comes and is wrong. Very wrong. 

The rice is wet and salty. Too much cilantro all over the place. This is not Mexican is Cuban. Yes we use cilantro on our food but not to that level. 

Rice should not be soup.  Bad cooking period.
Its Cuban and fun.  Where else are you going to get Cuban food?
OMG. If you're afraid of flavor stay away because this place has the market cornered. Papa Rellena ,one of my favorites. But my absolute top pick so far is the Gallina Frita. Its just perfect. But there is soo much to choose from. The Paella seems to be a huge hit on Friday nights when it's only $20. Oh and if you want a potent drink that will make you giggly but not sloppy. "Pussy's Painkiller" Yeah.. I know..its fun just to order it.
Been going to Havana for years! I've eaten almost everything on the menu, and most everything is delicious! My favorites are the black bean dip with plantain chips, cuban steak with sauteed onions with rice and black beans (I prefer the rice with beans on top, rather than cooked together), marisco zarzuela, paella, hearts of palm salad, and the plain flan (best consistency and creamy!). We always have a pitcher of sangria, too! Service and friendliness is hit and miss.
Super friendly place with a great little atmosphere.  Cute and quaint and sometimes they have live music which isn't too overbearing but it is a small place.  The first time we ate here, we were back within a week with out of town guests and have since taken several couples there.  The menu is overwhelming, it's so huge.  There is something for everyone on there.  And out of the five times I've eaten there, not one disappointment.  The food is amazing.  Be warned it's in enormous quantities!  You will take some home and you will be happy to eat it a second time no doubt.  I cannot say enough about how friendly the service is and how much they care about your experience.  I never knew cuban food was so tasty either till I tried this place.  Get a pitcher of Sangria too.   I must do if you are in the area.
Yum. Yum. Yum

Went there for lunch today and was a bit iffy because we were the only people there. Granted, it was 11:45 am and just before the lunch crowd. We were pleasantly greeted by Diana (I think that was her name) but she was SUPER nice. 

While we looked over the menu, we had delicious black bean fritters served with an avocado dip. My friend had a cup for the pumpkin bisque and I got to have a taste. BEST soup ever. The ginger in the soup gave it a spicy kick. 

While my friends ordered Cuban pressed sandwiches, I tried the Pechuga Rellana: a chicken breast stuffed with mashed plaintains, black beans and rice and a caramelized plantain mash on the side. It was love at first bite. The rice was perfectly seasoned, the caramelized plantains were highly addictive. 

I wish I saved room for dessert but I'm coming back to have dessert and saving my fifth star for that!

Oh yeah- on Monday nights, they serve up paella! I'm in!
So I returned another time for dinner and was unfortunately... disappointed. I tried the mojito and it was 'ok' but not for nearly $9. Also, the dinner menu is everything on the lunch menu plus $5- $10 for each plate. 

This time I tried the Chicharonnes de Pollo and it was horribly dry. I ate one piece. My brother had a mango glazed chicken dish and it was not good either. Too sweet. 

I still love this place but just disappointed in the dinner prices and my selection. I will be going again but for lunch next time.
We attended an office party at this restaurant; a total of eight people. We were so unimpressed. The raves on this site were overrated. The food was well below par for the price. A couple of us ordered the paella (the one that takes 45 minutes to prepare) and shared. This dish was supposed to have had lobster, chunks of chicken and chorizo. 
Let me first say that the lobster was the upper body (lung area) and claws,  no tail. Then, the sausage was perhaps three thin slices. The chunks of chicken- two. There was a mini-cubed mystery meat in the mix that was disturbing. The rice used was not an Italian variety but the highly glutenous Chinese variety. On top was a sprinkling of Le Sueur brand canned peas; which were  easily recognizable to half of the group. For the price of this pot we were expecting actual lobster meat, chunks of chicken and sausage and at least fresh peas (even fresh frozen would have been better). We have made better paella than this mess. Only one person at the table seemed pleased with their meal but then it was the person who suggested this restaurant. I normally would trust this person's taste but perhaps they had not tried too many dishes. I understand there are a few other Cuban style restaurants in the Valley; we're going to try out one of them next time or a Tapas bar. Over all, it was below standards; at least the service was excellent.
The black beans and rice could just as well become my staple food in this crap economy.  Rounded out with exceptionally good maduros fritos it's a peasant meal, when I don't want to splurge.

Caribbean at it's most relaxed.
If you want to have a lovely little evening I recommend Havana Cafe. It's a little bit different (for me at least) so it's nice to try new things. Plus it's really tasty. They have mojitos there that are to die for - not your standard "mix" drink, a REAL mojito.  There was live music the night I went which was great. It was just one of those meals where you could take your time and enjoy the whole experience. Totally recommend it.

It's only spendy because you want to do it up - appetizers, drinks, meals, desert, coffee...all together it adds up but the meals themselves aren't outrageous.
This is my favorite Tapas joint in town. It's a place I have to get the same thing everytime and maybe more to try a few new items... my must haves are:

Island Gingered Yam & Pumpkin Bisque Soup (Seasonal)... so good and the fact that it's seasonal makes it even more of a special treat.

Camarones Al Ajillo (Garlic Shrimp)... this is my all time favoreite dish thus far @ Havana... I can eat it as my meal as long as they provide me as much of their tasty bread as I need to sop the dish dry of all the yummy garlic sauce it contains.

Maduras Fritos... Fried plantains... need I say more?

Mojito... best in town in terms of authenticity.

Marquesas de Chocolate aka Chocolate Pate... I never cared for dessert here until I tasted this strangely named treat. It is so rich at first you think it will be too little but then you realize you need to share with everyone at your table.

Other worthy options: 
Arroz Con Pollo... It has baby peas in it and I really don't like peas... but I like them in this dish! I got to try this dish because a friend ordered it as his meal and didn't even make a dent in it... so I got all the leftovers and it was pretty tasty and economical!

Fritoras de Frijoles Negros... I've never had Black Bean Fritters before--they are quite tasty dipped in Guacamole!

Calypso Chips...A thinner more chippy version of Fried Plantains.

Sun Spots... Sweet Potato Fritters pretty tasty as well... for a fried root vegetable!

Datiles Con Chorizo... A meatier appetizer... not the best I've had but pretty darn good.

Empanaditas... These are alright... though I'm partial to Filipino style Empanadas... but since I have no place to buy them from, nor have I mastered making them, these are quite good for a band-aid craving.

Tamal Cubano... pretty tasty, but my fave is the soupier Salvadorean take on the chicken tamale.

Flan... haven't had it, but flan consistency throughout varying cultures seems pretty consistent.

Free Goodness: Their Bread! It's just the way I like it, hot, thin and crisp crust and soft in the middle!

As you can see, outside of the Arroz Con Pollo, I have not tried many of their entrees... I'm quite content to dine with others and share Havana's wonderful tapas... but one day I WILL try their Paella. A vegetarian friend said they make a veggie paella that was pretty tasty... and she loves their Mojitos just as much as I do so I think she may be right on this one. Can't wait to try it... with a side of Camarones al Ajillo and a Mojito!
I drove right past Havana Cafe on the first attempt.  We banged a left & pulled a U-ey to get back to it.  

When we walked up the patio had just a couple tables going.  When we glanced inside we could see it was filled nearly to capacity.  Havana Cafe is not a very big place but they have really worked it to fit every possible table.

We started with a special-three appetizers for about $9.50.  I would tell you the names of all the appetizers but I can only find one of them on the menu I brought home.  It came with some meatballs in a brown gravy.  The meatballs looked like Swedish meatballs and the gravy looked like standard brown gravy.  Looks can be deceiving.  The meatballs had a nice texture and the gravy was surprisingly complex in it's flavor notes.  The appetizer trio also came with a pastry kind of similar to spanakopita but crispier and thicker.  The last appetizer was papa rellena-large croquettes filled with beef picadillo.  They were smothered in a creamy cilantro-lime sauce.

The entree we shared...Pescado Al Hinojo - fish fillet & jumbo shrimp pan seared and topped with a flavorful and creamy sauce with nice notes of lime, fennel and white wine.  It came with a white rice.  All delicious.

I finished off with a cafe cubano.  Perfect capper to the meal.

I am looking forward to a return trip to Cafe Havana.  Deciding what to order here is torture.  Everything sounds wonderful and the whole time you are trying to decide you are being bombarded by heady smells of food from surrounding tables.
Last night I was going through some of my gift certificates (Groupon) and wanted to find somewhere new to eat half-way between Litchfield Park and Gilbert....we landed at Havana Cafe in Phoenix.   

I missed it at first and had to turn around, it is somewhat hidden and unexpected.  

Service was fantastic!   While we had one main server, there were two others that were constantly available to help us out.    

I ate Cuban food in Miami once several years ago and have a general understanding of it, but wasn't sure what to expect here.    We ordered a few appetizers - the fried Plantain Chips and the sweet Potato Chips.  Both were great - so great in fact that we ordered more and had to share some entrees.    The best thing I tasted there was the Guava-Banana-Ketchup dip for the sweet potato fries.....YUMMY!  I wish I could have the recipe!    We also tried the Pumpkin soup (my second favorite thing I tasted), the Cuban Meatloaf, the Cuban Sandwich, a Pork Tamal, and the Black Beans & Rice.  My son had kids fried shrimp which was also pretty good for a kids meal.  All were very very good!

The prices were higher than I expected, but worth it.

This restaurant is a gem - I LOVED it!    I will absolutely visit again.  There are many items on the menu that I want to try...perhaps I'll visit a few more times, and experiment at the Chandler location which is closer to me.
Great food, I can't complain other than I wanted more food....hehe!
Ahh Havana Café and your wonderful Mojito's...
I have been several time, but have not reviewed, went last night and had the tapa's - Bacalaitos Frittos, Maduros, & Croquetas de Jamon.  The Bacalaitos were delish, nice crispy texture and not even the least bid fishy, people should give these a shot.  The Maduros were perfect - very sweet with just a touch of crispness.  The Croquetas were just alright, I think they need a spicy sauce or I should have added something spicy to the sauce.  The mojito was perfect, I don't think you will find a better one anywhere.  
Service - the waitress was very flustered by another customer, I think this made her forget about me, I was on the patio and alone and nobody checked on me for at least 15 minutes.  Drinks and food were very prompt after I ordered, but I would have had more if I had been checked on.  
They also did not give me happy hour pricing, but I emailed the next day and this was fixed promptly, if you go during Happy Hour at this location, just remind them.  I am sure they will fix your bill.
Overall great experience.
This is a regular stop for us when we're in Phoenix -- the food is simply awesome!  Everything is excellent.  This last trip we went with another couple and had the plantains, the sun spots (sweet potato fries) and the Tamal Cubano (a tamale w/ corn, pork tidbits and sofrito) as apps, and I had the Masas de Puerco Fritas as an entree ("Morsels of marinated tender pork fried to a golden brown. Served with black beans and rice"; one of their more expensive items at $21.95).  I also had a mojito, which was very good (and big) as usual.

For desert we had the Caribbean Candy Bar ("Coconut flan topped with rum fudge sauce, candied coconut and toasted almonds"), the Pudin de Pan con Chocolate ("Warm chocolate bread pudding studded with Ghirardelli chocolate chips served with a rum fudge sauce and whipped cream") and a sponge cake drizzled with chocolate and raspberry sauce.  All super good.

Run, don't walk, to Havana Cafe!
i usually get annoyed when i see people review a thai restaurant and give lower stars because neither the owners, nor customers, nor servers, nor anyone is thai. you've seen these reviews cause in my head, if the food and service are good, why should i give a shit who is serving it to me. the whole debate about authenticity is one i find annoying on several levels.

. so, first, no, i am not giving them two stars cause the guy who served us was the blondest gringo (with passable though arrogant spanish) with a haircut i don't know the name for but would describe as a mini bowl cut/possibly a shelf cut. his service was SHITTY, which definitely has something to do with the low stars. and it certainly doesn't help that i had to listen to him ask the waiter in spanish, which he assumed i didnt speak, maybe 7 times if the cheesy convertible out front was ours but then i had to listen to him talk about convertibles with another table for ten minutes. that may have something to do with the star takeway.

i actually could have heard the guitarist sing guantanemera 8 more times than listen to the waiter/possible owner talk about cars to the neighboring table. that is a big statement for me as my nipples usually invert for minimum 48 hours every time guantanemera is played anywhere within a 17 mile radius.

the most obvious reason for the 2 star rating is the food. it sucked shit. it did not taste that it was freshly cooked in any way. there was a film over teh meatball sauce that had to be broken several times for the moat of semi-warm liquid to emerge. everythin was severely underwhelming and lacked flavor.
specifically, these items, in addition to tiny meatballs in a bowl of lukewarm sauce (that the mother, bless her, was a fan of) would be...

empanadita trio (we had the beef-BLAND)

some kind of black bean ball- the only reason this place didnt get one star is that the avocado dip for said BBball was tasty. this has to do with my undying love for the avocado rather than their particular dip

spanish tortilla- the worst i think ive ever had, and i spent 5 years as a poor tortilla eater in spain and argentina in  between english teachin gigs when they came as free tapas.

the best thing here was probably the bread, they brought it warm.  our other favorite was some kind of cheese spinach thing that i would put more in the greek family. wasn't bad.
all in all, this place was, mas o menos, mierda
Seriously, my favorite place in the entire Valley.  Fabulous food in a casual environment.  Excellent service, great drink menu.  Every time i eat here, i rave about the food.  I usually have the Pollo Cubano.  Its simply delicious.  An entree is about $20.  And worth every penny!
When you go: try the black bean fritters with avocado dipping sauce---SOOOO GOOD...i could've eaten those for my whole lunch!

Then, my friend and I shared two different dishes: 
the Cuban sandwich (like a panini), which came with the black bean soup and a pork dish that was marinated in lime juice and spices.

Both dishes were really good! i would definitely go back, because EVERYTHING on the menu looked tasty. i wanted to try it all, but alas, my stomach and wallet are only so big.
A Midwest girl's Cuban haven.

I went here twice Valentine's Day weekend. 5 stars for the mojitos. 5 stars for the Black Bean Fritters. 5 stars for the service.

Very casual, cozy environment. I'll be back here the next time I'm in town.
So after driving by this place for a few years always wanting to try it out I finally did.  I am so thankful reading the yelp reviews helped my decision to finally try this place out cause it is some of the best cuban food I've ever had.  

For starters I got the calypso chips which are fried plantain chips and a black bean dip.  So awesome I could have just had that.  I also got this brazilian sugar cane drink with lime juice that was a twist on a mojito and it was awesome.  

For my entree I got the Boliche Mechado which is a Cuban pot roast stuffed with Spanish chorizo and simmered in a red wine sauce. Served with spicy potatoes which also were just excellent.  I am a huge chorizo fan so when I saw this on the menu I knew it was the choice.  

I was too full for dessert so I couldn't try any of the amazing selections that were on the menu but I will be back for that for sure.  Also they have paella which I must go back for cause it had chorizo, scallops, clams, and mussles.  Sounds delicious.  

Thanks again yelp for another push to try a local hot spot.
Okay so last night 6 of us came here for dinner. Its the 3rd time I have been to this location. The first time I thought it was AMAZING. Couldnt get enough of it. 2nd time was "ok", my drink (Pussy's Pain Killer) tasted off, not like the first visit and the food was somewhat bland. Chalked it off to being an off night. So last night I ordered a dish I had at the Bell Rd location which was phenomenal-Gallina Fritta. Last night it was almost dry, bland, you couldnt even taste the garlic or lime. So disappointing. My Pussy's Pain Killer tasted better but not even close to the "wow" factor the first time I had it. For this I dont think I will ever return, its far from consistent and has changed from "Amazing" to "meh" in 3 years time. Its time to find a new Cuban/Puerto Rican restaurant to get my fix.

As for the service..our server was extremely pleasant but scattered. He took appetizer orders from 4 of us and completely forgot to ask the other 2 at the table! Then the same 2.. their food entrees didnt even come out within 5 minutes of the rest of us.?? It is not a big restaurant and we were not a big party, so there was no reason for the service to be sub par.

In the poetic stylings of Guns -n-Roses." I used to love her...ooh yeah.. but I had to kill her"..is my final word on this place.
Last night I introduced my friends to my fiancé. It took me a long time to decide on the perfect restaurant for us all to get together for some wonderful food and drinks. I remembered going to Havana Cafe before and enjoyed it quite a bit, so finally decided that would be the spot. Sadly, this time around it wasn't very impressive. My drinks were verrrrrry weak, my food was not flavorful or even displayed in an appetizing manner. The appetizers and dessert were good, but not amazing. I'm not sure why last night was different, but it was different enough to ensure that I probably won't return. That makes me sad.
Easily the best Cuban Food I have ever had. I can't remember what my dish was called, but it was pulled pork and peppers with rice on the side. Also, they serve Pusser's Painkillers, a drink that has a special place in my heart. Anyone who has ever been to the Soggy Dollar in the British Virgin Islands will understand.

It was so good that We went there twice on our vacation. The service was great and the patio was an excellent spot to relax on a nice spring night.
My boyfriend and I recently purchased a Groupon for Havana Cafe since I've been wanting to take him there for quite some time. It was a $15 groupon for $35 worth of food, a pretty good deal! We were excited. 

We sat down for an early dinner, around 6pm. Using the term greeted would be generous, so I'll just say that an older man came to our table and set 2 waters down without saying hello or how are you or anything. It's a small restaurant but there were only about 3 other tables with patrons in the restaurant. 15 minutes later he comes back with menus and asks if we want anything else to drink, I say just water for now because we had just gotten the wine menu. He proceeds to take our drink menus so I ended up just sticking with water. 

Finally, another waitress comes to take our food order. I show her the groupon to make sure it's okay to use it on that time and day (a lot of places won't let you use them during happy hour). She looks at it strangely and just walks off with it? She looked really annoyed. We got our Black Bean Fritters and Calamari appetizers. Both were so amazing. We were really blown away. For our main entree we ordered the seafood paella which was equally amazing, if not better. Although my boyfriend who has had paella on many occasions, thought it needed more saffron. I thought it was just fine. The seafood was really fresh and I think more saffron would have drowned out other flavors. 

We ordered the mini caramel flan for dessert. It came out maybe 2 minutes after we ordered it so it's by no means fresh or prepared. I thought the caramel on it was bitter and I didn't finish it. 

Overall, the food here is amazing, definitely worth going for. I was really disappointed by the service. The staff seemed to be annoyed with our groupon usage which made me feel uncomfortable. The place itself is pretty quaint and nice. It doesn't seem very popular with younger people but maybe that's because of the service.
Wanted to use my Groupon, and they were closed for renovation! Not sure how long that will last, but you may want to call first if you are thinking of going soon. Will update when I can actually go!
I'm glad I tried my wife's dish because I wasn't having a great introduction to this restaurant and it was somewhere down in 1.5 to 2* territory. It's easy to get carried away in a sea of red stars sometimes but maybe 2 mojitos or more carry the reviews skyward? :)  

Actually the  drink/ appetizer part was really nice  Mojitos, chorizo and maduros. Appetizers aren't gargantuan,usually a good thing,and are good value. I could see us coming back for just these. The mojito was not as good as  those made by a co-worker who'd attended the classes they run here, weird;) but still pretty serviceable. 

The Rabo Encendido ( oxtail stew) I ordered  could have come from England it was that bland  the shopping list of spices that most recipes have in common for this had taken Labour day off.  really it was boiled meat on white rice with nothing other than the maduros providing the taste. I borrowed some of the sauce from the other dish to finish it as well as the amazingly tasteful black beans that accompanied her dish so it's not like they can't cook, just not consistently.     2.5  rounded up to 3.
I came here with Jim and Audrey W for the first time tonight and it was pretty good.  I've seen a few reviews for this place, so I was glad to try it out.

I admit, I don't have a lot of exposure to cuban food.  I found this place to be quite authentic in my book...not your usual corporate stuff, thats for sure.  Very intimate with staff that really seems to know what thier doing.

I wasnt all that hungry and wanted to get something light, so I stuck with an appitizer.  I cant remember the name of what I ordered becuase it was in spanish and I could not pronounce it, but it was good.  Jims dish looked really good, and Audrey had some fish.  Every one was happy.

Beverages were always topped off and I enjoyed my experience here.  I found it to be on the pricy side, so it was good that I didnt have much of an appetite.  I wasnt looking to spend a lot of money and really didnt want a forklift full of food, which is what they seem to serve here.  On the lighter side, they seem to have an amazing menu with LOTS to choose from!
Very impressive.

A good time was had by all, and if you like Cuban food, go here!
I came here for the second time last night.  Audrey W and I met Amy B for dinner.

I opted for the special and kind of regret it.  It was a seafood paella.  I have to remind myself sometimes that I don't live by the ocean anymore and very few restaurants here in the valley provide good quality seafood dishes along the lines of the paella.

It was mediocre and I know many other things I have had at Havana Cafe are much better.

:-( 

I'll just have to bank on my upcoming dinner at Wildfish for Restaurant Week to set me right.  I'm having the cioppino.

I used to order things like cioppino or "Fruite de Mare" all the time when I lived in Boston and I always enjoyed it.  Two times ordering that sort of thing at restaurants in Phoenix and :-(  

Lesson learned.
So this is heartbreaking.  I've been going to Havana cafe for years and over looked a lot as far as decor and service, but once the food goes... So do I.  A friend who used to live here, who was visiting, suggested Havana cafe for dinner since it was always great.  Our food was not good.  It was ok at BEST and our service was lack luster- snotty really.  Then they cleared our plates before we were done and started to vacuum while we were still eating. If we were the only people keeping them there late, which it was NOT LATE AT ALL (and we weren't the only patrons there)  I could understand, but overall the service was poor right out the gate and our food wasn't great, So we will not be going back, which breaks my heart. Since I've had many good experiences in the past. I always knew I was paying more, but I figured it was worth it, but I don't think $400 for 5 people was worth that kind of poor service.  ESPECIALLY since SO many places are closing up these days.
If you ever tried "real Cuban food" you will be disappointed at the lack of taste and the mundane appearance of the food. The food is overpriced, the tamales are awful, nothing like Cuban tamales at all. The local is poorly decorated,  and you need to bring a butt cushion to make your sitting experience a bit more pleasant on those plastic patio chairs. The service was below average, and one of the waitress could not find a way to smile. Really disappointing. 

Now the goods. Extensive menu, with many legitimate named cuban dishes, may be you will find something good, their name evokes that mysticism and curiosity we have about beautiful Havana,  and,  many people have never tried real cuban food so the restaurant will survive.
I visited today with a friend & we were both very pleased with our dinner. We shared an appetizer of Calypso Chips which are fried plantain chips with black bean dip. I honestly wanted to lick the dip bowl, lol. I saved some room for the Pollo Cubano, which seemed like it would be a simple dish. Chicken, beans & rice. It was simply delicious. The chicken was moist & tasted of citrus & the beans & rice had a tang to them (not hot or spicy, just tasty). My friend had the ox tail, something I'd never had nor had I ever really wanted, lol, but I tasted it & it was very yummy. For desert we shared a small coconut flan with citrus sauce. It was good but very rich & filling. I washed it all down with a glass of the Veniterra - pinot grigio - Argentina wine. 
The entire meal was great, the staff were very friendly & helpful. The location is simple, but I went there for the food, not cushy seats & I did love the live guitar music. It was a little pricier than I'd expected, but the servings are big. Next time I'll go for lunch!
I had the pleasure of eating here when I first moved to Arizona almost a year ago, my date insisted on bringing me to his fav restaurant. This quaint place has lots of character and was perfect for a date; as soon as we pulled up I got excited to experience some authentic Cuban food. I started off with the red sangria, it was very tasty and not too sweet like some I've tasted. For my entree I ordered the arroz con pollo and when they brought it out I was immediately happy that I ordered it. The chicken was seasoned perfectly and the saffron rice and white asparagus were all perfectly cooked. The portions were huge, after eating a good amount at the restaurant I still had enough for a meal at home. I will be back soon enough to try some more good eats off their menu!
I'd been craving Cuban food ever since I left Florida, and I couldn't have been more thrilled after our meal at Havana Cafe.  I wouldn't sit inside, as the atmosphere kind of sucks, but the patio was great in the recently-awesome weather.  The service was great... the waiter knew the menu inside and out, had great recommendations, and was the guy who remembers your order without a pad and somehow doesn't screw it up.

Sangria-Delicious
Mojitos-Same
Seviche (spelled that way) -Ditto
Gambas y Pollo-See Above
Pumpkin Soup (seasonal)-Best I've Had

The bad - I think they are pretty over-priced for Cuban food.  Don't get me wrong, the food is great, but I don't think Cuban food should fall in the $20/plate range.  You need a key to get into the restrooms, which makes it feel kind of like a gas station.  You also get a feel that most male customers just go behind the dumpsters, not that I did that...  

This place would have been an easy 5-stars except for one thing, that totally blew the experience.  The waiter automatically added a 20% tip to the bill, on top of tax.  Ordinarily he would have earned it.  But when questioned, he said they always do that on large parties.  We were a party of 5.  He was extremely arrogant about it, saying nobody's ever questioned it.  Totally ruined the whole evening.  And of course, there was no mention of an auto-tip on the menu, go figure.  I could understand if there were 10 of us, you get it.

Overall, I would be excited to go back again.  It's a great place to go if you are craving some pretty good authentic food in the valley that isn't Mexican.  Grab a $28 pitcher of sangria and/or a few mojitos, splurge on some appetizers, and go for just about anything on the menu.  Nobody in our group left disappointed, with the food at least.
Their Mojitos give you awesome dreams.  I'm not kidding.  Last night, after a couple (literally, I only had two, this isn't code for I got wasted... although it usually is), I dreamt that I was in some sort of vampire army where all the guys where hot and shirtless.  Let's just say it was a good dream.  I can't guarantee you too will find yourselves in the rippling biceps of the undead if you drink their Mojitos, but it's worth a shot.

Aside from the pleasant side effects experienced later, Havana Cafe is a must try.  If not just for the fact that it's charming.  I'm not a Mojito connoisseur, so my opinion means nothing.  I will say, the second one was a bit too sour for my taste.  I need to go back and try the food to really make a judgment call, but the service was great and the one appetizer I tried was pretty tasty.  I'd probably go for the bean dip and banana chips next time, though.
We loved the live music and outdoor patio. Food was great. Very authentic.
Awesome food and great service. I love to try different cuisines and this place has encouraged me to try more cuban food. We had the cuban sampler and the pollo ajjillo. The sampler was awesome. I would give 3 stars for the other dish. You must try the flavored sodas. They are really nice and so different from what sodas we generally drink. For the dessert we tried the flan which wad heavenly.
First time trying Cuban food, so that was fun to try something new.  Other than that, there was nothing to really rave about.  The wait staff did not seem thrilled to be there, people had little kids acting up in the tiny restaurant and the tables are on top of each other, so cell phone conversations took away from the experience too.  Not sure I would go again, but glad we finally gave it a try.
This Havana Cafe location fell very short of our expectations.  We were greeted and shown to a table surrounded by plastic patio chairs.  Looking around, we noticed this was part of the restaurant's decor, which seemed odd considering the price of the dishes averaged $20/plate.  We were offered a $3 mojito drink special, which was fair but poorly muddled.  For entrees we selected the Bistecs Cubanos, which was bland, and the Salmon con Salsa Papaya, which was admittedly good.  Though one dish was OK, we left the restaurant wondering what all of the hype was about.  We will not be returning to the Havana Cafe given the poor value of the meal and the less-than-notable ambiance.
One word to describe this place? Cute. Another? Tasty.

The BFF and I visited Havana Cafe for the first time and hopefully not the last. We went for lunch on a Saturday so it wasn't very busy. The place is pretty small (and cute!) but there are many tables inside and out. They had festive Cuban music playing which added to the atmosphere.

Since neither of us know much about Cuban food we decided to go with the tapas sampler. Perfect for two people, it was loaded with 6 of their tapas. I'll murder the names, but there were plantains, chorizo, a tamale, black bean fritters, cod fritters and one other meat item I can't remember the name of. We also got a side of Sun Chips (sweet potato fries) and a half pitcher of red sangria because that's how we ladies roll for Saturday lunch.

Everything in the sampler was delicious. My favorites were the plantains, the black bean fritters and the tamale but I really did like it all. The sweet potato fries were good but I've had better. That's the only thing I probably wouldn't order again. Nothing in the sampler was spicy so it's a good option for just about anyone, except vegetarians.

The sangria was good, more wine tasting than some sangrias. i'd like to try the white sangria next time.

The service was great. Everyone was friendly and they didn't try to speed us along or anything as we took our time chatting and munching.

They have a pretty extensive menu so I'm looking forward to going back and trying a few more things next time.
I had waited for awhile to try this place, as it's buried in a small little shopping center and couldn't find anyone who wanted to enjoy Cuban food. I first had Cuban food at an awesome little restaurant in DC and it was amazing. This, however, was not that place. 

The summary? I enjoyed it - it was okay, but will not be going back, especially for the bill I paid. 

The atmosphere is pretty cute, it's in a little house-like restaurant in a small shopping center tucked away on Camelback. But it's pretty quiet inside, so I'm not sure I would really like that for a date. Also, the bathroom is outside, which is a little strange. 

I had a glass of Malbec that wasn't all that great, but I'm willing to forgive wine. The other two had cocktails which they really enjoyed - so I think I just ordered poorly.

Then we ordered 5 appetizers and two entrees to split between three people as we wanted to try all that we could. We had the plantains (they were good, but not the best I've had), then plantain chips with bean dip which was amazing! That was the best part of the meal. We ordered three more appetizers that I didn't really eat, so I can't judge them. 

I ordered the chicken with the mango sauce that came with beans and rice. For the price of the meal I was very underwhelmed. It was a really sizeable piece of chicken, but I wasn't a huge fan of the sauce and the beans and rice were just so-so. 

The service though was awesome though. The waiter was great and answered all of our questions and recommended great appetizers. 4 stars for the service for sure.

Again, I don't think I would go back often, but I'm glad I at least tried it out. I'm also really happy that if I want legitimate Cuban food, I'm coming back here.
We have tried Havana Cafe several times as we love Cuban food (used to live in Miami). Tonight, once again we had just OK food and way over paid. 

My Daughter has to eat "gluten free" and we found out today they do NOT have a dedicated fryer.  At the table next to us the kids were eating chicken nuggets.  My Celiac peers please double check before eating here.

The Masas de Puerco was dry and I ended up with the burned part of the beans from the bottom of the pan.  The food is barely average and super expensive.  We had 2 appetizers and 2 main dishes for four of us (2 kids) with one soda and it was over $60.  Kids dishes are $9.95.
Oh no oh no oh no :[ The decline of one of my favorite restaurants is upon us, which makes me very sad. This might be a bit long as I normally hold Havana Café very near and dear to my heart. 

Over the last 4 years I have been to each of the three locations (north valley, Central and Chandler - which has since closed) and loved each. Consistently good food, drinks, and service. The past few times I have visited, I've started to see the signs of a decline in quality, but last night really sealed the deal. 

The mojitos - These are what DRIVE me to the restaurant. I have long said that the mojitos at Havana Café are my very favorite libations that have ever crossed my lips. Always very fresh, not too sweet, lots of mint, and perfectly strong. Last night they tasted like they came from a MIX. I do have to say that they were quite strong, so that was nice as I do enjoy a bit of a buzz, but that was about the only redeeming quality. A microscopic amount of mint, syrupy taste, and why on god's green earth were they PINK?! They were never pink before! 

The food - I had my usual, the Paradise Pulled Pork. It was tasty as always! They have definitely messed with the portions though. You used to get an equal amount of pork, to the rice and bean mixture. That being said, you still get a considerable amount of food. But for $20 it stung a bit to be given the shaft on my tasty shredded swine. 

My honey had the Gambas y Pollo which we really enjoyed. It was quite tasty! Yummy sauce that complimented the shrimp quite well.

The service - Really pretty bad. The man who took care of us (and the only one who was there serving) was not outright rude, but I felt like we were interrupting the bookkeeping that he was doing at the table in the corner, by coming in to eat (we were not the only people there). When my man asked him whether he liked the mojito or the caipirinha better, he made sort of a big deal of saying that in the (large amount) of years he has worked there, he has never tried either as they just don't appeal to him. An odd answer for sure, but I guess honest. He gave both of us a really crappy vibe. While we were there he actually threw something at the busboy. 

I have experienced this man before - and once saw him repeatedly being extremely rude to a guest on the patio over the entire course of my dinner. I don't know the whole story but it was very off-putting. That experience almost had me saying I was not going to come back to this location, but what can I say, it's always been a fav of mine. 

I REALLY hope this was a fluke, as I would hate to see such a previously amazing restaurant take this bad of a nose dive. 

I almost feel like I've lost a best friend. 

TL;DR - Great food. Definitely overpriced especially on account of the shrinking portions. Shitty service. POOR mojitos (which previously would knock my socks off).
Never been to a place like this before, but I am a fan of Cuban food now!  I had the paradise pork (see pictures) It was a little sweeter than I had expected, but really good.  Beans and rice were spicy, but really tasty.  I also highly recommend the fried bananas!!  I could eat a whole plate of those things ... my only suggestion would be to put chocolate sauce all over them hahaha!!!  

Can't wait to go back and try more.  The service was really good and friendly.   A must try if you are in the area.
Craving authentic Cuban cuisine? Well I was, and with one trip to Havana Cafe I satistied my craving. With a small and basic interior, it is far from a glamourized restaurant. However, what Havana Cafe lacks in apperance it makes up for in substance. Quality of the food, authenticity of the dishes and excellent customer service are the factors that really make this place stand out for me. 

Everything I tasted was extremely rich and packed with flavor. I ordered the ceviche, and it was AWESOME. It left an essence of piquant limes, ripe tomatoes and crisp bell peppers lingering on my tongue. I also thoroughly enjoyed their fried plantain chips with black bean dip (you've got to try it!!!!) This place serves the real Cuban deal.

The food here isn't cheap, so plan on spending a good chunk of change on your meal. Also, I'm hoping that I just visited on an off night because the mojito I ordered tasted more like a margarita as it lacked that refreshingly crisp mojito taste. It was disappointing but I'm determined to come back here and give them another chance. That way, I'll have an excuse to check out their mojito specials on Mondays!

Our server was awesome and highly attentive. The fact that they have live music is also pretty cool. Overall, this place has a lot of authentic character and that's why I'm a fan. I enjoy unique dining experiences, and Havana Cafe definitely fits that bill. So, if your looking for something different, check this place out! Your taste buds will thank you.
Fantastic food, nice and simple style place, i loved it, will be back many times.

Best food i have had. 

soooo good.
Last night I went back to Havana Cafe with a groupon and wasn't as excited when I left.  For starters we get there and go to ask for a table and get wait time and the head of the house says it's like 20-30 min wait you sure you want to wait and we said yes that's fine and he goes ok and walks off shaking his head.  We were a little caught by surprise as that's not very professional but whatever he wasn't the cook.  So we sit down and wait and notice he is trying to get people to not wait and leave every single party that came up asking for a table as a matter of fact.  Many of us waiting have started to laugh at how horrible this guy is.  He even went as far as saying ya it's over a 30 min. wait so I wouldn't wait if I were you.  OMG really??? I hope the owner reads this and does something because if that was my restaurant I would be pissed.  

Anyways on to the meal.  Laura A. and I shared the Tapas sampler which was good it comes with a Tamal Cubano which was excellent, some Chorizo and vegetables, Frituras de Frijoles, Maduros Fritos, Bacalaitos Fritos, and a couple Croquetas.  It was perfect for the two of us to share but there was a lot of fried on the plate which wasn't as much variety as we would hope for.  

We both finished the meal with coffee she got the Café Cubano which was a sweet espresso and I went with the Moro Castle which had Dark rum, Bailey's and butterscotch schnapps combined with Cuban coffee it was a nice way to end the evening and enjoy with dessert which we shared a coconut flan with mango sauce.  The dessert was good not great though I am a huge flan fan and I have had better.  

So overall I would say the meal was a 3.5 but the front of the house being so rude knocked it all the way down to a 2.  Pretty sad after I had given it a 4.5 on my last trip.
I miss this place every day.

Used to live right behind it, and took it for granted.  Simple and the yummiest.

Their Berenjena con Garbonzo is one of the most magical things I have ever put in my mouth.

Black bean fritters, ham croquettes-- everything is good.

OH!  Their cocktails!!
Back for our annual Havana Cafe fix. Our entrees and deserts were excellent as usual. I had the brisket (Ropa Vieja, with moros and maduros fritos) followed by the Pudin de Pan con Chocolate, while my girlfriend had the Gambas y Pollo (jumbo shrimp and boneless breast of chicken in a lobster broth) and the Arroz con Leche (rice pudding laced with anise). Special kudos for the brisket, which was the best I've ever had.

My mojito was good but not great (as it always has been before), and they've definitely reduced the size. However, the only significant disappointment was the Pastelitos de Carne appetizer -- the pastry was nice and flaky, but it was burned slightly on the bottom, while also being somewhat cold in the middle. We'll get something else next time. Still, that's a minor blemish on an otherwise wonderful meal.
Havana Cafe caters for Passover and provides the greatest Kosher for Passover food I've ever had.  Now that I've outed myself as a Jew, let me just say that Kosher for Passover is one step above regular Kosher rules requiring no bread products, which usually means that the food is even blander than usual.  This may not seem possible after you've had a Kosher meal, but it turns out that the food tends to get even blander the more ingredients that are not allowed.  Somehow Havana is able to overcome the bland requirement to create the best kosher for Passover food I've ever had.  The brisket is good for several meals, and the dish with the eggplant and matzah is amazingly good even though there is no meat and it is not better than the brisket.  Besides, it's nice to have some more leftovers after I am done eating the leftover brisket.

But. . . how come the food at the restaurant isn't as good?  That just seems to be one of the mysteries of life that I have been unable to fathom after five visits.  The Kosher for Passover food is actually much better than anything I have ever ordered at the restaurant.  My wife really likes the place even though the location near us closed, so I'll continue to contemplate this mystery and look forward to Passover and leftovers.
I love cuban food! Arroz con Pollo is one of my favorite dishes and honestly Havana Cafe did not disappoint! The dish was delectable! HOwever... I hate, hate, hate when I get an amazing meal but it is ruined by yucky uncrusty cheap bread... So although I loved the food, Havana please PLEASE get some tasty crusty bread!
I'm very sad to write this update, but feel obligated to do so. My friend and I called Havana at 8:30pm on a Thursday night (5/12) to find out what time they close. We were 5 minutes away. The woman who answered said they normally close at 9pm but since they didn't have any customers for the past hour, they were closing in 10 minutes. In my opinion, this is unacceptable. We love Havana's food, but feel the service has been hit or miss for years. It was the food that kept us coming back. Now, I'm not sure we will be going back anytime soon.
I really enjoy this place...i love cuban food...my favorite is fried plantains and the black beans and rice...yum yum...i am obssessed with their mojitos...it is a little pricey but good food is worth it...it is different...the restaurant is very small and quaint...the staff is so sweet and nice and give great suggestions...
I have never written a review, but the food at Havana Cafe was so underwhelming (and not in the least bit good) that I feel compelled to share. 
I ordered the Pollo Ajillo which, in reality, was a pile of salt with a side of chicken and rice. I opted for Arroz con Gandules instead of white rice as it has been years since I have had this tasty Puerto Rican side. The whole thing was almost inedible... I came home and actually brushed my teeth immediately, it was so bad!  My husband had the Pollo Cubano, which was equally underwhelming and nothing that we could not make at home ourselves.  The restaurant gets an extra star for the wonderful Cafe Cubano and the extremely attentive wait staff .  I had high hopes for this place but the next time I have a craving for Cuban food, I will be heading to Sabor Cubano.
This place was great!!! Went there last night and had a great experience. We showed up at 9pm and there was plenty of seating inside and outside on the adorable patio with lights strung up and music playing. Our server was fantastic, and he recommended the black bean fritter appetizer which was to DIE for. I would go back again just for those, with the avocado dip, they were amazing. We also had the gazpacho soup, which was good, nothing amazing but there's not a whole lot you can do with gazpacho. Also had a chicken entree that had fried plantains and beans and rice that was quite good but too big to finish. Great wine and Brazilian beer too. All in all, a great experience and we will definitely come back soon!
Let me start by saying that I absolutely LOVED the food.  My dinner was spot on.

So why the 2 stars?

Quite frankly, it was way over priced.  And I'm not talking about a few dollars too expensive.  For an average dinner, you'll be spending $25 to $30.  And while the food is tasty, the ambiance does not come close to warranting $30 per plate.
I lived in Miami for many years, so I can say this was mediocre Cuban food with some authority. Not bad, but for what you got, the price was outrageous. For that kind of money, you could do some real fine dining.
Would be a solid 4 stars, except the menu seems to be overpriced across the board. 

Met a friend here for a late dinner on a Friday night, the small restaurant (and patio) were about half full. We sat outside. Atmosphere is about what you'd expect from an old strip mall type cafe along Camelback. Nicely set back from the road, though. 

Service was very friendly and helpful, offering suggestions to the overwhelmingly large menu. 

In order to fit the budget, we both went with the special of 3 courses for $19.99. My gazpacho was incredibly tasty & fresh, very delicious. Friend had black bean fritters, which were described as "very beany", and good. Main course was chicken with sweet onions, rice & beans for me (can't remember the exact name) and the pulled pork, rice & beans for my friend. Both entrees hit the spot. Dessert choice was chocolate bread pudding, nice, warm and creamy. Yum. 

With two beers and a glass of chardonnay, the total bill was around $65. Not bad, but considering it was the least expensive option on the menu, the presentation, atmosphere and quality wouldn't be enough for me to spend $25-$30 per entree as most were listed. Not quite worth it. 

I'd go back, maybe for lunch or for tapas, just to try some of the other dishes.
I really wanted to like this place. Due to poor service and overpriced entrees, they only get 2 stars. We ordered the black bean fritters with avocado dip, the pulled pork, the Cuban style steak and flan for dessert. It was just "ok." The food alone was at least 3 stars; however, in my opinion the price was too expensive for the quality of their food. If I'm going to pay $30 for my meal, I want to at least sit on a non-patio plastic chair. 

On to the service . . . the whole time, we wished we had the other waiter. He seemed happy to work there and was so informative to his customers. Our server was more concerned about pushing us to order more food that she decided to slack on her waitressing abilities (i.e. refilling water). She would say subtle things to make us feel like we were not ordering enough, such as "that's it! just one dessert?," "any other appetizer?," "are you sure you don't want a sangria?" These weren't said with a smile either. She was worried about her tip amount, and she should be after how she treated us. Needless to say, I would have given them 1 star but the food made up for it. 

I think I'll try some place else for my Cuban fix.
I want to like it more, I really do.
Every time I come here I always tell myself NEXT TIME I'm only ordering black bean soup, tapas, and the guava pasteles! Then the selective amnesia sets in... 

Enter Groupon. So last weekend I couldn't pass up the Havana Cafe Groupon - Groupons always make me feel just a little bit better about dining out on overpriced Cuban, or any overpriced food/service in general. The one I purchased was for something called "completas" - complete family meals to-go for 4, normally priced at $39.95 but going for $20 through Groupon. When I was a kid I lived next door to this Cuban family in LA and I fondly remembered the tower of styrofoam containers filled with black beans, pollo con arroz, plantains, and bread that often accompanied the Sera family when they paid us visits. I was excited so I gave it a shot. At $20, what could it hurt?

The lady on the phone was very nice. She took the order, asked if I'd like to upgrade the col salad (like a citrus slaw) to a mista salad (mixed greens) for $2.50 more. I declined. I went with the paradise pulled pork with moros and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert. It was ready in 15 minutes. I went to pay and there was some confusion about the value of the Groupon but it was honored in full and I was charged about $3.77 for the tax. I got home only to find that the Cuban bread had been left out. Major bummer! As for the meal - the portions were probably enough to fill 2 adults, assuming they ate every last bite, but the moros, pork, and plantains were all sensational! The col salad I could probably have done without but the chocolate bread pudding was just AH-MAHZING! 

All in all I'd probably skip the completas next time, unless I had the Groupon again, but I'd definitely come back for black bean soup, tapas, and dessert!
I was so looking forward to making this a restaurant that I could frequent often since I am a huge fan of Latin food. I invited my grandparents to meet me here for dinner back in March 2011. The inside of the restaurant is inviting until you realize that your chairs are those that you see at Lowe's for a backyard pool party....plastic? Come on for the prices they are asking averaging $20-35 a plate. Why plastic chairs? We started off with 4 mojitos and some appetizers. Platanos-fried plantains with garlic sauce. They were okay but found them to be more on the chewy side than crispy. We all had Ropa Vieja with potatoes and rice. I was disappointed in my main entree as it was overpriced for the quality of food that I was served. My grandparents seemed to enjoy their dishes but also were so engaged in making the evening special since it was the night before my grandmother's birthday. My bf was not impressed with his entree either. This is not real Cuban food and I can tell you this because I have a close friend who is Cuban that has cooked for me. get your passport and travel to Cuba through Canada and go have yourself some REAL Cuban cuisine not this crap that they "call" Cuban food. It is overpriced for all that you get. it got two stars because the service was attentive and staff was friendly plus the 3 mojitos I drank were the best out of everything there!
We usually go to the one on Bell Rd in N. Scottsdale but were in the area so tried this second location. I again had the Berenjena con Garbanzo, and it was again just as lovely. If your a fan of eggplant you've got to try it!

I usually order it with peas instead of rice and so expected it, but they didn't have peas so instead had the black beans on the side. It was different from how I am used to eating it but it was still very good! 

The black beans are good. It was the first time I had them so the unexpected change was good. They also didn't have the usual asparagus so brought me a little salad of cabbage and some sort of vinaigrette? It was delicious and somewhat like coleslaw but also completely unique.  Again a nice switch up from the norm. 

I agree with most of the other views that the price is a little high for the type of food, but having had my experience with Cuban food in Miami on many trips I can say its decent. So is worth it every now and again. 

Our service at this location was also great. Very attentive and lots of check in's to see how we were.

I actually think the plastic chairs lend to the " feel" of the place. If you have ever spent time in Little Havana or off the beaten path away from South Beach, or Lincoln Rd in Miami, you know what I mean. But I think it supposed make you feel as if your "patio" dining, in the tropics even inside here in AZ.
I have to say, I was very disappointed with my dining experience at Havana Cafe last night... the place smelled wonderful upon walking in and everything tasted okay (though not as fresh as I would have expected for the price), but I was thrown off-guard by the plastic chairs and frozen fishstick-resembling appetizers!

The sangria is delectable and, in the moment, I enjoyed the ceviche. However, the tapas sampler was incredibly disappointing... I've traveled throughout the Latin Caribbean and this food did not meet my expectations. 

Most importantly, though, I awoke in the middle of the night to horrible cramping, chills, and diarrhea that kept me up for hours. I have strong reason to believe this was food poisoning from the restaurant (given I didn't eat anything else last night) and I have every intention of pursuing a full refund.
Groupon deals are not meant for all places. Some should avoid it like the plague, and that list includes Havana Cafe. 

The three stars are for the food; everything else needs to be overhauled. The restaurant is really tiny, and filled with plastic chairs to capacity, which affects mobility somewhat. With the Groupon deal, this problem was compounded, because by 6.30, it was already filled up. Like many reviewers have mentioned, it wouldn't hurt the waiters to smile and do some chitchat. 

The day we went, there were just two people rushing around taking orders and serving food, and another who was ushering in guests, handling the phone, and printing out the receipts. He had so much to do, that he was (not unexpectedly) making errors...as he did with our bill.

We ordered the tapas platter, which came with deliciously warm Cuban bread, and served to whet our appetites. I got the Chicharrones de Pollo, which was fried pieces of chicken dipped in spicy batter, served with a side of beans and rice and plantains. It was nice, but too dry for my taste and I wish they had been more generous with the beans.

K got the Boliche Mechado, which is roast beef stuffed with chorizo and cooked in red wine, served with a side of rice and beans. Very tasty!

The flan that we ordered for dessert more than made up for the sour service. It was made to perfection, and wasn't too sweet. 

Though the food was good, I found it overpriced, and certainly the charm you would expect from a neighborhood hangout like the 
Havana Cafe was totally missing. Also, I don't know if this happens there often, but the day we went, the electricity went out thrice, for about 5 mins each time, and we were left eating in semi-darkness! Strange!
The world's slowest service - do not go here if you are in a hurry. The food was a miss for me but I don't blame the restaurant - I had the Pollo Cubano and the flavor was really bright - not really my thing but maybe I just don't like Cuban flavors. I did enjoy the rice and beans on the side. The server was courteous but so sloooooooow - I don't see a reason to go back.
We came for lunch. My husband had the lunch special of the jerk chicken with rice beans and a citrus slaw. It was very tasty. I had the Ropa Vieja with plantains and black beans and rice. IT was absolutely delicious. The waitress was very friendly and very attentive. Our ice teas were never less than half full and she made a point to check in frequently. We had a Groupon and everything went smoothly. We will definitely be back.
Me gusta comida de cubano!

I came here with a friend, and we used a Groupon.  I have heard a lot of great things from coworkers and friends about this small little place in Arcadia Phoenix area.  I have driven by it several times, and it was finally time to get a feel of Cuba.

The waiter gave us a very homey and family type feeling with the passion he showed by explaining the menu.  I ordered the Pollo Cubano, which has grilled chicken with savory sweet onions on top and a side of black beans and rice.  The onions gave a dynamic sweetness and yumminess that I can't explain with words.  My friend ordered dried plantains.  The first order had black beans inside, and the other was almost like a sweet plantain banana dessert.  We enjoyed the food family style with some beer.

I will definitely have to make a return trip to Havana Cafe!
Pros:  The food is really delicious.  I had their Ropa Vieja and DH had their Chicken Cubano.  Both dishes were terrific.  The black beans alone are worth the trip.

Cons: the ambiance.  The exterior is inviting with the Spanish styled roof, but there is a funky aroma when you enter.  Seems to need deep cleaning in the carpet, bathroom, or maybe a fresh coat of paint.  I agree with others who complain about paying $20 + for an entree and sitting on plastic chairs.  Place is dying for some help in the interior.

I probably wouldn't take a date here.
My husband and I had a Groupon or we likely wouldn't have tried this restaurant. I've driven past it for years and always wanted to eat there, but it's ridiculously overpriced. Even with the Groupon ($25) our bill was an additional $70!

My husband had the Emparedado Cubano, which is a Cuban sandwich which was $16 and was quite tasty, although he picked off the pickles. I just thought it tasted like a pickly ham sandwich. I had the Gallina Frita, which was excellent, but a huge amount of food for one person. The shredded chicken was succulent and rich, with caramelized onions and other flavors and the side dishes were good but not extraordinary. At least I had leftovers for lunch the next day.

My husband really enjoyed his two mojitos and he's quite picky about his mojito quality. My caipirinha was just okay, as it was overly limey. We had the bacon wrapped dates for an appetizer and they were excellent. 

The waiter took a very long time to greet us after we were seated and he continued to be absent for very long intervals, although he was very nice and helpful in helping me pick out a main dish to order. Overall, our meal including appetizer and dessert took slightly more than 2 hours, although the restaurant was not at all busy (when we got there, there were maybe 3 other tables seated).

I agree with others that think the decor is pretty sad. The plastic chairs seem out of place in a restaurant that asks you to pay upwards of $16 per entree.

Probably won't ever go back, unless it's for happy hour, since this place is just so expensive, but the food was quite good.
Let me say this about Havana Cafe: the service was excellent. I have no complaints here. Staff was friendly and attentive.

The entrees, however, was average and even sub-par for the price. For as much as it all cost, I expect my tongue to salivate for the next bite; mine didn't. It was merely alright. Desserts fared a little better: the coconut flan was to DIE!
Delicious food. Great service. Interior not the best but they could of made it better by having Cuban music on or something.
Still as good as I remembered! 

This visit around I tried the following:
Alcapurrias (Picadillo stuffed croquette made from tropical vegetable masa)
Tostones (Twice-fried green plantains)
Arroz con Gandules (Pigeon peas cooked with rice, pork, olives and capers)
Mofongo (Crushed plantains and pork cracklings)
Sangria made with Red wine
Cortadito (Café Cubano laced with steamed milk)

Between the Tostones & the Calypso chips, I prefer the Calypso chips. 
The Arroz con Gandules is very good, you can really taste the saltiness of the capers.
The Mofongo were my absolute FAVORITES :D  They are very basic, but who needs more?!
As far as the Cortadito goes, I'm pretty sure that I could feel my pupils dilating as I was drinking the tiny cup down, lol. If this is a diluted Cuban Coffee, I'm not sure I'm ready for the real deal! Even though it was strong, or perhaps because it was so strong, I feel like I'm hooked! :) 

Word of warning, if you don't like garlic, you need to really consider your choices. I don't think there are many dishes made without the use of garlic.
Great food.  Great service. Loved the mohitos...just like in Cuba.  And the Ropa Vieja is excellent.
My husband's favorite place in town and he took his friends and family there. 
Everyone loves the place. The waiter did the bill wrong first time when we were there. 
But the food is good.
In spite of being on the corner of 44th and Camelback it does a good job of insulating you from the traffic and taking you some place else, in this case our dear Communist neighbors to the South.  I like the sampler because it allows you to enjoy the finest island interpretations of pork, beef, and chicken.  Also, no meal is complete without going bananas for the ....well, tostones.

You gotta hand it to those Castro brothers.  They forcefully preside over a country that has a pretty great national cuisine.  Viva La Revolucion!
I was hoping for so much more.  Kind of a cute looking restaurant.  Outside patio is quaint and fine.  We had the tostones which weren't as crispy as i like them and the sauce that accompanies the tostones wasn't that great.  They were already all out of the arroz con pollo by 6:30 p.m. (what?!) so I had another chicken dish.  Husband had the pulled pork.  We were not wowed by either dish.  Wasn't horrible but nothing to come back for.
The worst part was how all over the place the wait-staff was.  One person was like the hostess but was coming to our table throughout the night.  Another dude came and took our food order but was so creepy that i nearly lost my appetite.  Yet another person delivered our meals but again returned to the table at some point to clear a dish and then another person cleared other dishes.  We waited forever for our check, forever to pay, etc.  And although it sounds like a lot of people were coming to our table, few people actually visited us after our food arrived to see how everything was.  My husband was SO annoyed.  Definitely not a great place and not worth its money.  it's a shame because if the owners knew how badly run it was, they'd change it--very much out of a kitchen nightmares episode.
Another awesome dinner at Havana Cafe! The service was a slow because they were short a waiter, but everything else was just about perfect. We split the onion/almond soup, which was unbelievably delicious, and my mojito was back to its usual perfection. Both the Masas de Puerco Fritas (crisp pork morsels with mojo-garlic lime sauce, rice and beans) and the seafood special were outstanding. Cheesecake with chocolate rum fudge sauce closed out the evening, and we both agreed it was among the best cheesecakes we've ever had (and the slice was HUGE).

What are you waiting for? Go now!
The distinguished puertorican writer and  political advocate Lola Rodriguez de Tio in her 1893 publication of the poem: "A Cuba" said: "Cuba y Puerto Rico son de un pajaro las dos alas". (Cuba and Puerto Rico are the two wings of a bird). And for those of us living far away from our beloved Islands, The Havana Cafe offers the perfect mixture of culture, food, flavors, music and atmosphere.  Especially when one doesn't feel like getting in the kitchen or catching the next flight to San Juan.  Pricey?  Yes, like any other premium service of its kind.  Delicious and as authentic as one can find 2000 miles away from home.  Don't forget to try the "Arroz con Gandules"; it is phenomenal! Sorry mom!
I had a Groupon and went for dinner with my boyfriend last night.  This place is amazing!  We started off with the tapas sampler, and everything on it was great.  We also ordered bacon wrapped dates stuffed with chorizo, which just melted in my mouth.  For our entree, we shared a fried chicken dish--very good and actually not too heavy.  And if course, since it's a Cuban restaurant, I had mojitos.  They were delicious, and very authentic--no Bacardi!  In addition to the great food, the service was fast and friendly.  We will definitely be going back soon!
Yelp alerted me that I have a review to complete, from nearly 2 years ago. 

I remember how I felt about this place back then, and still feel strongly about this place now. Recollections of how much I would not like to return to this place again. 

Find a place that serves Cuban-inspired food, or if there is a frozen aisle that does, heat it up in a microwave, transfer it onto a plate, and voila! Of course you'll remember to remove that non-microwaveable plastic film that Havana overlooked.
Excellent!  Very good food and service. Loved the dark rum mojito.
Not the best food I've had, but certainly the best service and servers around!! Very happy atmosphere! Great place for date night but only for the environment. Still looking for awesome flavorful Cuban food. But yes great little restaurant!
Can't believe this place isn't better-reviewed. Have probably been here a dozen times and never had an item I didn't like. Starters are always fab -- wonderful black bean and chicken soups, kids love the plantain chips and black bean dipping sauce. I would go here just for the bacon-wrapped chorizo-stuffed dates. Meaty, salty, sweet luscious goodness? Yes, please. They do a wonderful (and HUGE) arroz con pollo, and their caribbean chicken with black beans and rice is also to die for.  Friendly service, nice location, Havana Cafe is always a winner.
This place is small but had very clean shiny silverware and plates and I was impressed with that.

I decided to try an entree salad and picked the one that was suppose to be mango glazed chicken. It soon came out and the first thing I noticed was the greens were all WILTED and dry and warm. The greens were topped with a small (maybe two oz.) plain (not mango glazed) grilled chicken breast that was sliced and very dry. The plate was garnished with two sliced grape tomatoes and two half sliced orange sliced. The dressing was suppose to be citrus vinaigrette but it was thick and might have been the mango glaze that should have been on the chicken and certainly didn't  seem like any kind of vinaigrette. ( almost 2 stars) 

My husband had the shredded beef brisket. I tasted the brisket and it was lean for brisket but pretty much unseasoned. I didn't try the rice and beans but my husband said they were very good and well seasoned and he mixed the brisket mixture with the rice and beans and said all together that way they were good. (3 stars)

The restrooms are outside I don't know if they are air-conditioned.

2.5 stars
I came to the Phoenix location for lunch through Groupon.  I ordered the beef brisket called Ropa Vieja, which was very tough and like eating strands of rope.  I could see where it got it's name "ropa", because it is like cooked strands of rope. There was plenty of meat, but the flavor was all boiled and leached out of the meat.  It was served to me like a stew , but the beans and rice side and the ropa was swimming in a plateful of water almost to the edge of the plate.  The ropa stew had no flavor, like it was boiled in a big potful of plain water that kept getting changed.  I had to add a lot of salt., shake more and more and more salt on it.   It was very ICK to me.   I wish I ordered the cerviche instead.  I didn't think the ropa was worth it even with the Groupon discount, I would not want that dish even if it were free, unless I was starving.  I told the waitress it was very bland and asked her if it was normal to have all that water in the plate.   She said it was "juicey", but to me, juice implies flavor, but I guess "juice" for water is a waitress being positive and politically correct on her job.   My jaws were tired trying to chew the strands of "rope".  She did not offer to bring me something else.  She said that was the way it was.

For dessert, I ordered the coconut mini flan with mango sauce, and that was really good!   I'd give it an A and the size was larger than the word mini implies.  

Sorry for such  negative review about the ropa, but I tell it like it is, and if I thought it was terrific, I'd surely say so.

Maybe you will find something else on the menu to your liking, or maybe you are less discriminating than I am about tough and flavorless Ropa meat swimming in a plateful of water  (Yes, I know the difference between juice, sauce, soup, and water.).   I consider myself a great cook and I eat out a lot.  

I only tried this Ropa, and it is not good enough to make me wanna give this restaurant another change at my own cost.   The waitress was very nice and attentive though, I have no complaints about her service, but she did not offer me a substitute.  I would have given it a one star, but she was a friendly and attentive waitress.
I love cuban food!  And so I take every chance to eat it, so when I saw a cuban very close to our hotel in Scottsdale, I was there!  Unfortunately, the minute I walked in, I should have turned around and walked right back out again.  There was a distinct smell that wasn't clean and wasn't pleasant.  But my interest in  a good cuban meal got the better of me.  Big mistake.

The food was definitely sub-par.  I had the sampler, which included pollo cubano, ropa vieja, and masas de puerco.  Unfortunately, none of the dishes was particularly flavorful, and none were good renditions of the dish.  The pollo was bland other than an overly acidic sauce, the ropa vieja was just lacking in flavor and the vegetables and broth hadn't been blended together, and the masas weren't crispy in the least.  The whole meal was a huge let down.
Some of the best Cuban food I've had and very reasonably priced as well! 

I can never decide between the bistecs cubano or the bacaloa (salt cod)!
I love Cuban restaurants. I guess I have to face it. The staff here is extremely nice. We came in for lunch, and were early so it was not crowded.  The black bean soup was perfect. The rice was excellent. I would have like a bit more pork shoulder on my cuban sandwich. It was toasted just right with the cheese gooey.  The fried bananas were just right. The Cuban tamale was as good as always.  i could not figure ot how a Cuban Restaurant would not have any Cuban Coffee on the day we were there?? Oh well you can't hit it perfect every day.
I was somewhat disappointed in this restaurant. I went here today for lunch after going to the other location about 7 years ago and really enjoying it. I had a Groupon that was about to expire, so the BF and I went there for lunch. The place was fairly empty, only two other tables were full at about 12:30. I ordered the paradise pork (I think?) and he had the fried pork. Our server was very nice and spoke highly of my dish. The dish was supposed to have bell peppers and habanero peppers in it, but it was not spicy. The pork had a weird flavor to it....kind of like it was a bit old or possibly frozen, but I don't know if that is for sure the case. The bf's pork was kind of dry and didn't have a ton of flavor. When you ate the meat with the rice and beans it was alright because the rice and beans were actually pretty good. We also got the maduras which were good, a little mushier than I've had elsewhere, but good flavor. The real problem with this place is their prices. Without the groupon our lunch would have cost around 30$. That is a bit ridiculous, in my opinion. I don't think I would go here if I had to pay full price, but I might try it again if I had a discount. Overall: Don't run here, but don't run away from here.
If you're looking for a delicious Phoenix feast, head to one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley, Havana Cafe.

I always try a little bit of everything when I'm at the Cuban restaurant, and when my pal and I went this week, our meal was no exception. We had more than 10 different menu items peppering our table, and we both left stuffed and happy. Like it is for me, Havana Cafe instantly became one of his favorite restaurants after one meal there.

One of the coolest things about Havana Cafe is that there are mojito making classes offered there periodically. I've attended one and loved it, and the mojitos at Havana Cafe are amazing. 

When we went to dinner this week, we got a pitcher of sangria instead of mojitos, because sangria is another one of my favorite drinks. The sangria at Havana Cafe is packed full of fruit flavor, and it's a really refreshing drink that goes well with the heat of the Cuban dishes.

Let's start first with my favorite dish at Havana Cafe, the Frituras de Frijoles Negros ($5.25). They're bite-sized black bean fritters served with a cool and creamy avocado dip that is to-die-for. I love, love, love this dish and could eat it all the time.

The Maduros Fritos ($5.95) are just as amazing. They're sweet chunks of bananas that make a perfect dessert or sweet appetizer accompaniment. If you don't like eating raw bananas, you'll probably still love these.

We also had vegetable empanaditas ($6.95), mini-pies chock full of veggies. For being such little appetizer treats, they're really filling and could make a great main course for vegetarians.

I also had the Potage de Frijoles Negros ($4.95 for a bowl), which is a vegetarian black bean soup that is also very hearty. It's so tasty!

My companion got the San Juan Combination ($16.95), a massive sampler plate that lets you taste seven different dishes-a Puerto Rican tamale, plantains and pork, a vegetable croquette, twice-fried plantains, peas cooked with rice and pork, fried pork and beans and rice. The dish could probably give you 2 days' worth of leftovers-and they're not gross leftovers, they're almost as good as if they'd just been served to you.

Besides the phenomenal food, I love Phoenix's Havana Cafe for its intimate setting. The restaurant is comprised of a little dining room with mirrored walls, and there's also a patio. It's not quite Cuba, but the aromas and warm, welcoming atmosphere are enough to make you feel as relaxed as you would on vacation.
I had not been to this resturant in some time, now I remember why I have not been back.  The food is ok, however the atmopsphere is sub par for sure.  I had the cuban meatloaf, the meat and glazed yuca were dry, but eitable and fried bananas were obivously from a package.  The only thing great was the black beans.  

For the prices of the food, you would think you would have more then a plastic chair to sit in.  One of the people helping to serve food, I think is one of the managers, actually needs a class on how to serve, sorry grasping my glass by the rim is not a proper way to serve a drink.  Also you need to wash your hands before serving food after counting money.  The cleaning bottle for the tables was on the same counter as the serving counter/mixing area for drinks.

They really need a refresher course on food handling.  Possibily over due for a health inspection too.  I was very disappointed in my experienxe.
Havana Cafe refused my business today when I walked into their establishment wearing a trendy bluish, turquoise singlet. Apparently, this wannabe 4-star "cafe", that resides in a plaza for God's sakes has a clothing rule that says men have to wear sleeves, but women do not. I challenged, Keith, the waiter/proprietor, that my date was also wearing a similar sleeveless top and he proceeded to tell me that men are not allowed to wear sleeveless tops, and that if I were to eat there I would have to wear one of his awful red Hawaiian print polos with bamboo images on it that was two sizes too big! WTF?! So you'd rather offend me and require me to wear some crap Hawaiian shirt that I'm swimming in?! Mind you, it's 113 degrees out! In what world is this more "appropriate attire" than my tank and not outright sexual discrimination? For those of you who think this is a joke, it ACTUALLY HAPPENED!
Mmmm! Lunch for two here was great. We ordered several smaller plates and split it all. Every flavor was so unique. We devoured everything. The sun spots are tasty as well as the empanaditas and the tamale type thing wrapped in a banana leaf (I forgot the name). When we went, there was no one else there. Service was good. We ordered some desert also which was delicious. The decor isn't anything special, but it's not about that here- just the food!
My wife and I love ethnic foods, especially when the restaurants feel as different as the food. So tried Havana Cafe on a hunch and were very impressed with both. Felt like I was in a smaller, yet nice street-side cafe/resaurant in Latin America. Good start. First, we got the Repollo Relleno (pulled pork stuffed into 2 cabbage rolls, very lightly crusted on the outside and served with a light cream lime sauce and lemon slices. Light and savory.

The Empaniditas de Longosta (Lobster Stuffed into tiangle-shaped crusts (similar to pot pie crust). It was on the lunch special and also delicious. This one a bit more filling yet equally as good.

Also got the Seviche, which in our opinion was the best seviche we've ever had. Was a really delicious, yet light, served as a medley of seafood with avocado, citrus, white asparagus and lime sauce over greens.

Definitely going back.
My sister and I came just because we read about this cafe having plantain chips, which we were craving. That being said, we can't speak for any other food, but these chips were so amazing, we had to get a second order. The black bean dip that came with it was especially tasty, and my sister, who doesn't like black beans at all, helped me eat it down to the bottom of the bowl.

We were a little put off by the stale, quiet atmosphere and lack of music. We were two of four in the small dining area and felt uncomfortable having conversation when the others could hear every word. 

The only other thing that made our visit less than perfect was our waiter. He was really attentive to our needs (water, whether we needed anything else every once in a while, etc.), but standoffish/unfriendly for the most part.

Bottom line, I will be back again with an emptier stomach so I can enjoy the crunchy plantain chips, and try other delicious looking dishes here.
This place is highly overpriced and over the top. The food was decent, yet indecently priced. If you are going to charge me $15+ for an entree, then don't seat me in a plastic chair that was procured no less than twenty years ago. Maybe it's part of the "charm," but I wasn't impressed, and I will not return unless the prices on the menu fall to fares that fit the flare. 

For the appetizer, I ordered the beef empanadas. Having traveled to Argentina, I know a good empanada. Havana's meat filled pasty left something to be desired - not enough spice and too greasy. 

For the entrees, I ordered the fried chicken and the paradise pulled pork. Both came with black beans and rice. The beans were good - blended with onions and cilantro. The rice was as plain as Jane. I found the chicken to be quite good. I liked the corn starch dusted coating and the overall flavor and moistness of the chicken. The paradise pulled pork was mediocre, at best. While the price was jacked to the max, the portion sure was not. I've had better tasting carnitas for half as much. 

I love when a restaurant leaves me excited to come back and try some more, and sadly Havana Cafe has not done that for me.
I had passed this place when traveling back and forth on Camelback for years, and finally a groupon brought me inside. Upon first entering the restaurant I was kind of surprised how small it was, which in my book is a good thing. The walls were filled with all things cuban. However all the tables had plastic chairs, you know the kind you find outside on a patio. Very uncomfortable and extremely tacky. The menu seemed pretty good, I had the Pollo Cubano. It was chicken with black beans and rice and a lime sauce. The sauce tasted great for the 1st few bites, but after that it was overwhelmingly citric, almost to the point where I couldn't eat it anymore.  Luckily my wife has ordered another chicken dish that was salty that I could swap with to break the taste up. If they dial back the amount of lime in the dish I think it could have been much better but I would not order again. My wife's dish was rather plain, just some chicken in sherry with rice, nothing memorable.

A few other things, the table tops are made of glass with no tablecloth, so when you cut your food (with a butter knife mind you, since they had no other knives) your plate slides around. Then there is the cost. I normally don't mind paying 18-25 bucks for food, but not here. The food is way, way overpriced for what you get especially considered you are sitting in plastic lawn chairs. I think honestly the food should cost no more than $10 tops, until they upgrade the dining experience.
I had a really great experience at the Havana Cafe.. Everybody there was super nice and the service was great... I don't think our water glasses ever got to less than 1/2 full. The food was excellent. Price-wise it was a little more than we expected, but totally worth it. The sangria and drinks were kind of pricey, but ah well. Overall a very good experience- we will be back!
We've been here twice - once before Groupon hit and once with a Groupon. Both times the food was excellent-  we'd been to lunch. I am a sucker for their bean fritters and the lemony garlicky dip it comes with. Very good vegetarian entree - cho cho flavored with carribean curry. The husband devoured his tres leche and my flan. He seemed to enjoy his house sangria as well. 

Wish we lived closer - it's not an easy hike for some lazy people in chandler.
My boyfriend and I have been meaning to visit this place for a year now and finally made it over to Havana Cafe this week. The restaurant is small and quaint, nothing fancy but we enjoyed it. Since it was our first visit, we had a few questions on the menu, but our server wasn't really able to answer any of our questions. He did recommend the calypso chips and black bean dip, which we enjoyed. The Ropa Vieja that I ordered was good and the Paradise Pulled Pork that my boyfriend ordered was a little bland but also good. However, although we enjoyed it, I wouldn't really say these dishes are worth $15-$20 per plate, either in flavor or portion size. I wouldn't say we were disappointed in the visit, we did enjoy our food, but I'm giving it 3 starts for being average in flavor and overpriced (in our opinion.)
At the service person's strong recommendation, we ordered the most expensive dish on the menu, Paella de Havana and a combination of their popular tapas plate while we waited for the paella(45 minutes).  The tapas and the mojitos were delicious.  They really got my hope up for the highly recommended paella yet to come.  Boy, were we disappointed!!!! The paella had lobster, clam, mussel, chicken, shrimp, chorizo.  Sounds good?!  The rice was mushy and very salty, all of the seafood and chicken were OVER-cooked, the lobster was hallow and had very little meat.  Overall, it's not worth $68.  If my review were based on the paella, it'd have gotten only ONE star.  But I'm giving it  three stars because of its tapas and mojito.
In just a few short days, I've fallen in love with this place.  I wanted to come here for a while so when I saw the Groupon, I jumped at the chance.  As a Caribbean girl, I love the down home feel and the generous portions (pero un pequeño caro).  Also, everyone here is really nice!  I love Cuban food and am very familiar with it being from a neighboring island (Haiti).  

Everything I've tried here so far has been really delicious!  So far I've had the Cho Cho (yeah for a veggie dish), Frituras de Frijoles Negros, Sangria soda, some nectars, Tres leche, Pudin de Pan con Chocolate, and of course Maduros Fritos!!!  I suggested the Chicharrones de Pollo for my friend who was unfamiliar with Cuban food and she loved it.  We came here two days in a row.... (sigh) I am slowly becoming addicted!!
"My wife and I ate there a few weeks back, I thought the atmosphere was quaint and inviting however after we were sat it took quite some time before our waiter came back to us for anything. I found him to be unwelcoming and inattentive the 2 Hispanic helpers were much more courteous and attentive. The food was Ok  it wasn't horrible but i would not write home about it. It was my fist time there and maybe it was an off night but i would be reluctant to recommend the place to a friend or return simply because the service was horrible. I do how however like ambiance.
If you are looking for the perfect spot for a first date, this is it!
Quaint, romantic, and homey are a few words that come to mind.
But the best part for me is; you can not have a bad meal here if you tried, that being said Pollo Cubano is my favorite dish!
Stopped by and I LOVED the plantains! OMG! I'm going to come here again and again when I'm in this area of town. Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because the table was wobbly, and the chairs are cheap
I enjoyed my meal here - definitely a place I'd come back to.

I ordered the Pollo Cubano, which is citrus-marinated chicken with caramelized onions, with rice on the side. The chicken was juicy and tasty, and the rice was nice as well.

Cheesecake for dessert. This was also very good - thick sweet crust and a delicious topping.
Any Latin restaurant that uses minute rice is horrible.  Havana Cafe is one of these places.  Overpriced, rice is awful, pasteles are dry,  The one good thing is the pork.  But it doesn't warrant my going back . . . EVER
Good food, great atmosphere and good service. The only really bad thing I can say, is that they are way over priced for what you get. Nice little spot to have a nice meal with your lady if you have some extra money to burn.
I just left the Havana Cafe and to say the least we were very disappointed. I have been to the Cafe months ago and enjoyed my meal immensely. I must say to be served the same 18.00 entree tonight half the size on a salad plate was a shock. 
On the appetizer side to be served four bacon wrapped dates served on a little plate with
a dollie was a joke. It is a shame that a restaurant we visited and enjoyed just months
ago could change for the worse so quickly.
Black bean fritters rock and they have a couple good vegetarian options. They are always accommodating and make a good mojito. 

Oh and when they have the pumpkin bisque ... oh lord!
Perfect place for a special night out  with your favorite person. 

My BF and I had our first date here- it has a cozy, mom and pop shop type of feel and the service was great. The servers were helpful with their recommendations. We have been here several times and each time we order something different. 

So far my favorite thing on the menu is Ropa Vieja - juicy beef in a tomato based sauce. **Mouth watering**

Any time I have visitors, I take them to this spot. If you like good Cuban food or want a pleasant and warm place for dinner and good conversation. This is it.. Happy Eating
I was raised in Miami with a Cuban mother so I think I have enough grounds to say that if you are looking for good Cuban food...this is not the place.  The food was tasteless, not authentic and way over priced. 3 croquetas (tiny ones and def not Cuabn) were $5.50  Dinner was $63 for my wife and I. we left hungry and dissapointed. :(
6 of us mostly had a very enjoyable meal (one had an overly breaded/deep fried fish which didn't sit well) in celebration of a recent holiday.  Smorgasbord of an appetizer is a great idea to maybe help you make up your mind as to what to get for dinner.  Special mojitos from the bar were very worthwhile.  Owners/staff are very attentive and always seem to remember our names.
Whoops...left this in drafts for almost 2 weeks.  Ok, so now it's been 2 weeks since my first meal at Havana Cafe.  Haven't had Cuban food since last Miami visit in '05.  The black bean fritters were delish!!!  I had the Ensalada Savilla...YUM.  I did steal some of my dad's beans and rice, which were good.  My daughter had tamales, which she loved, but they were chicken so I didn't try those.  My sangria was quite nice too.  Probably not my favorite restaurant, but it was a nice change of pace and tasty!
AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!food is awful, place smells.  Would not recommend this place at all.
Food is made with this lime juice and all food is covered with onions, and the black beans and rice is GROSS.
Outstanding service!! This was our second visit and the people that work there truly take care of the customers.  The food is fantastic, I've tried something different on each occasion and both entrees were delicious!! Great atmosphere! Thanks
I've been to Havana café before, but it's been at least 5 years or so. Long enough for me to forget that this place was forgettable, in my own opinion. Take that for what it is, I don't eat much Cuban food.

I was unexcited to find that Havana café didn't have any spots available to park, and the rest of the open spots in the parking lot were all labeled specifically for the next door flower shop, coffee shop, and so on. What was I to do? I risked it and parked in a flower shop spot, and well, I wasn't towed, but I still felt like I was doing something wrong by parking there :-/

Ultimately, I was lured back with a groupon they had available a few months ago. My first mistake was expecting that I could use my groupon to pay for meals which both totaled above $30 (the value of my groupon) and ALSO ordering additional items from their HH menu. I asked for two of their mojitos and was told that I couldn't order HH since I was using a groupon also. I obliged and let them know that water was just fine. My guess is they realized I wanted to buy my drinks in addition to our meals, and the waitress came back a few minutes later and told us she would put our drink order on a separate check. Nice save on their part - I was a bit miffed at first!

My second mistake was not realizing how excessively sweet their mojito was going to be. I saw at the bottom of the glass, what appeared to be a large spoonful of sugar. In this case, it didn't help the medicine go down. After them accommodating me with the drink order and all, I didn't want to make a big to do out of this, so I soldiered my way through my drink.

I ordered a shredded beef dish, and my wife a shredded/pulled pork dish. Apparently Cuban's like bell peppers and onions a heck of a lot more than I do. The peppers and onions with my dish accounted for about 3/4th's of the meal. I ate two or three slices of the peppers and a few slices of the onion, but was not satisfied with the small amount of beef the meal came with for a sticker price of $16, and even at $8 since I was paying about half with the groupon.

My third mistake was choosing to sub their house vegetables for the beans and rice. I don't eat that many carbs, so often I will exchange potatoes, fries, rice, etc for whatever vegetable is available. The waitress explained that it was a mixture of squash, zucchini, mushrooms, and a few others. In reality, it turned out to be a few slices of squash, a few slices of zucchini, a couple of mushrooms, and guess what, a bucket load of chopped bell peppers and chopped onions. They were also nice enough to charge me extra for the substitution with the meal now totaling $18 before tax and tip.

Two $6 mojito's, two $16 meals, an upcharge for the vegetables, and a $5 forgettable appetizer (I don't exactly remember what it was at this point). I was leaving with a $65 meal after tax and tip, hey, I saved $15 on the groupon though.

Happy Yelping Phoenix, I hope I made it apparent how unimpressive this spot is. Maybe you prefer pan fried peppers with a bit of beef and a side of... pan fried peppers.
Ah, the dreaded worst-experience of my life, horrible service, overcharged BIRTHDAY meal...that ended up in moderate-severe food poisoning.

I'm talking the kind of food poisoning where at one point I desecrated the restrooms of a lovely restaurant in downtown Phoenix and ended up laying face down on the sidewalk...to where a homeless man asked me if I was ok.

Yeah.  It was that bad.  Food poisoning aside, it was STILL the worst meal of my life, and this WAS my favorite low-key restaurant in the valley.

Apparently my birthday fell on the last day of a groupon or livingsocial redemption.  Unlucky us, we paid full price (more than actually...since we were charged for the wrong items they brought out and subsequently took back), and were treated worse somehow than the coupon folks -- because it was a set menu and so the kitchen didn't want to make things not on THAT menu -- despite our paying full freaking price.

FACT: When one is celebrating their birthday, they want a cocktail.  I wanted a cocktail.  Actually, I wanted three.  I got my first cocktail after I'd been there nearly an hour (oh yeah, the "10 minute" wait I was told about was actually 40).  I didn't get a refill.  Or asked if I wanted a refill. Of that drink, or my water.  But I asked!  Oh, did I ask!   I drank my water and my dining companions.  And then eventually drank the melted ice from my un-refilled mojito. The 2 employees (great staffing job on a day you know will be busy with coupon redeemers!) were basically losing their minds, running around, and super stressed.  They had basically given up by the time we were eating. 

That is why I feel like the food poisoning occurred from something truly awful. Like employees deliberately fucking with my food horrible.

I'm not sure what they normally do when people have their birthday at a restaurant, but we weren't offered dessert menus, let alone a comped dessert.  They knew it was my birthday.  They knew at the beginning we were paying the full price.  And still...worst.service.ever.

***I actually filled out a comment card back in November listing my email address and phone number, where I specifically requested to be contacted (again, this was before the food poisoning).  This review was written right after the visit, and I sort of "sat" on it for literally over 6 months, in hopes someone would actually contact me.  I gave them the chance, I guess they really just don't give a shit.
Went here for a lunch with my husband the other day. I've never had Cuban food, so I wasn't sure what to expect. The food was good, but it wasn't as spicy as I was expecting. But that is probably just my misunderstanding of Cuban food! I had the sun spots for an app, and they were very good and hit the spot, but my fried chicken was not very exciting. I will probably come back to try something else. My husband loved his beef dish. Service was great and it was a nice little spot for a late lunch.
Looking at the handy dandy Yelp Rating Distribution bar graph, it can be assessed that Havana Café is all over the road when it comes to... well... everything I guess, based on the reviews I've read. Luckily for me, I came on a good night.

It was a Tuesday evening around 5:30-5:45 and there were no customers, so it was peaceful. A little while after us, a party of 5 adults and a child arrived. No one else showed up during the little over an hour we were there. Two couples however, did arrive just as we were leaving. 

So... good for us because it was a nice, semi-quiet evening and we could take in the whole restaurant, But I would have to say it was a bad night if you're the restaurant owner. 

I guess that's why they're dropping Groupons for Havana Café like they're hot. We had a Groupon. I admittedly just now bought Another Groupon for HC when we got home because we thought the place was great.

We started with an order of tostones and a cup of the seasonal Pumpkin Bisque. The tostones weren't the best I've had. Not quite as crispy as I like. The inside seemed a little under cooked. Not bad though, just okay. The mojo, garlic, lime juice-sauce that comes with them on the other hand, was very good. 

The Pumpkin Bisque was excellent. They make it in-house with pumpkins they buy at the local markets. They only have it for a limited time, so if you want to try it, I would recommend doing it soon.

For my entrée, I went with the Bistec Encevollado. It's a marinated steak with onions and I had it with rice and black beans. I thought it was very good and it was a big portion. I packed  1/2 of it to-go so I could delve into their desserts.

I saw the Pumpkin Flan when we first looked over the menu, and there was no way I was leaving without trying it. We also had a mini coconut flan and a mini chocolate pudding. 

The Pumpkin Flan was like eating the filling of a pumpkin pie without having to deal with the crust. That was perfect for me since I don't favor pie crust. It was topped with either a brown sugar or apple butter sauce, I'm not sure. The sauce was labelled as a brown sugar sauce in the menu, but it wasn't super sweet. Not a bad thing, the dessert as a whole was good. 

The coconut flan was another winner. It had a nice, clean, fresh flavor and shredded coconut on top. I think it also had a light lemon sauce on it. Very good.

The chocolate bread pudding wasn't bad. It had a chocolate rum sauce and on it and there was no mistaking that there was rum in it. A good dessert if you're craving chocolate and don't mind rum. 

This was my first Cuban food experience in Phoenix and I'm very pleased. I don't have any solid complaints. I can see how parking could be an issue, but I can walk here from my place so that isn't an issue for me. 

I will definitely be back. Actually, according to my new Groupon I'll be back by November 25th.
We have driven by this place before and always wanted to try it. When we saw it on Groupon, we decided, in spite of reviews, we would. GLAD WE DID...we really really liked it! 

The portions aren't huge, but we thought that it was plenty adequate. Some Americans think that if you don't get a HUGE plate of food, it's not worth it. Their food was delicious and enough for a decent meal...it was like going to someone's' house for dinner. LOVED the stuffed potato pancakes and stuffed dates. Polla Cubano was awesome, too.

We were also VERY happy with the service, Unlike other reviews, we did not experience any problems. The waiter kept coming back to refill our waters after 2 sips! We actually had 2 waiters. Now, we were there on a Monday night, but we were quite happy.

DEFINITELY WILL COME BACK. We're from Chicago, so we know good food. This was good food!!
My wife and I went to Havana Café on our 1st date.  Needless to say we love the place and it means something special to us.  We have been there many times.  The past 3 visits have gone downhill quickly.

3 visits ago, the Paella was mediocre at best.  2 visits ago, the service was poor.  This last trip the service was horrid.  The food was good.   However we waited 20 minutes for our check.  There were 6 of us and they added an automatic 20% gratuity.  I understand that is the policy of most places.  But when the service is plain and simply bad that is just not ok.  To top it off, at 6pm on a Saturday evening, it wasn't just warm in the restaurant, it was flat out HOT.  I was sweating for the 2nd half of our dinner and throughout the time we waited to get our check.  The service and temperature made for a very bad experience.  

I am very sad to say that we will not be back to Havana café.
I have eaten here many times, the menu has changed, food is OK.  $1.95 for sour cream, REALLY???  Enough said!  I will not be back.
Kid sized portions- left with a starving stomach and a lighter wallet.  My cup of coffee was not even 1/2 way full.  My food arrived on a doll size plate, only about 5 bitez. Ordered dessert and was quickly let down by that portion, too...shocker. I have seen children's meals with larger portions.  It would take double the amount of food to satisfy me.
Too bad because if the portions were better I might have been able to appreciate the quality of the food.
This food was Horrible, very bland and dry I had the San Juan Combination. The Rice was dry no season or anthing. Puerto Rican Tamal was hard and dry it should have been moist and flavoral. Plantains was stiff as a rock and again no flavor. Mashed garlics plantains no flavor. My husband had Arroz con pollo the chicken was dry crispy and no flavor. Just save your money. This food had no Pizzazz or party in my mouth. The name sounds cool of the restaurant, but unfortunately so small and scrunched up. I would never recommend my friends or family at this place not even for appetizers and drinks.
We went with a group of friends, and were very disappointed, I have been there before and I strongly recommended place, however food was terrible and overprice, I don't what had happened, service was poor, waited long for waitress to take order, or even take the drinks order, when she finally took order for food it took more than one hour wait for food to come  one at a time, 20% was added to bill, and this was not OK specially after poor service. Anyway will definitely won't EVER go back....
Amazing happy hour deals.  Great food, don't let the appearance fool you.

The ambiance of the place was sort of surprising, given the reputation and prices.  Plastic chairs?  Tiny, brightly lit dining room?  Kitschy "CUBA!!" pictures all over the place and a whole wall of mirrors?  It was a weird first impression.

The happy hour specials were fantastic and worth going back for alone.  We had some sort of black bean balls (fried and a little spicy) the fried yucca roots and something else I can't remember.  All yummy. 

The wife and I both had the paella and it was also great.  A really good mojito, too.

We shared the desert sampler and each had our favorites but agreed everything on the plate was delicious.
I really wanted to like this place, I really did. Unfortunately, our dinner just kept disappointing. Thank baby Jesus for Groupon, because if we had spent full price for our meals, I'd probably develop an eye twitch. 

I went with their $18 vegetarian dinner special (poblano stuffed peppers with white beans, covered in a creamy tarragon sauce) over rice. My boyfriend ordered the Gallina Frita (shredded fried chicken breast with onion and Moros- rice and black beans).

The presentation of the food left something to be desired, but then again, so did the taste. We got pretty small plates (perhaps because I let it slip that we had a coupon?) The vegetarian poblano pepper entree ($18 mind you) had only one half of a stuffed pepper, over plain white rice, and was covered with a cheese sauce that was Velveeta-esque. There were no subtle nuances of flavors, just a bit of creamy slop with boiled tomato bits floating in the cheesy sea of regret. The corn bread that came with the meal was clearly microwaved and was 2"x 2"-- a sad display. 

The chicken entree was dry and almost tasteless, except for the overly salted moros. My boyfriend didn't even finish the chicken nor did he want my corn bread. This is a first on so many levels. 

This was Cuban cuisine?! Where's the seasoning? The spices? Where is the flavor?! 

We left the Havana cafe and bid adieu to the plastic chairs and the tasteless plates of microwaved sadness.
Growing up in Phoenix, I used to love Havana Cafe. I had birthday dinners here several times. This week, my Dad proposed that we revisit Havana Cafe to celebrate my Master's.

When we arrived at 5:30 on a Tuesday, we were one of three tables in the restaurant. The server (there was only one) kept our waters refilled, but it took 25 minutes to have our orders taken. We ordered maduros and black bean fritters to start. The maduros were heavenly, but it is hard to go wrong with a fried plantain. The black bean fritters were... not what I remembered. It may have just been a bad batch, but ours were suspiciously liquid on the inside. 

For entree, I ordered Camarones Havana, my Dad had the Cuban sandwich, and my stepmom got a special: several pieces of pork with black beans and rice, yucca root, and more maduros. Dad loved the Cuban sandwich, stepmom seemed to enjoy the pork, but not much of the sides. We had to add a lot of salt to our food when it arrived, I don't think there was any added in the kitchen. 

I was disappointed with my ($22) Camarones Havana. I received no sides, and the plate was just bland. It became marginally better with salt, but still. Where's the flavor? I ended up eating black beans and rice off my parents' plates. 

By the time we left, the restaurant was mostly full inside, with a few people sitting outside. Because there was only one server, it took us another 20 minutes to get boxes and our check. 

Sad to say I don't think I'll be back, unless it's to order some maduros to go.
We bought a Groupon.  I hadn't been here in about 8-9 years.  For her, it was her first time visit.

This is some really good food, we just wish it were closer.  The plantains were awesome, the rice and beans delish and the mojito had me thinking I was sitting right in Havana.

The menu is long and a little confusing!  But don't worry - just ask the wait staff for the more popular items on the menu or ask the wait staff for advice.  They were helpful and gracious.  We started off with the appetizer sampler which had a little of everything.  Since I am a creature of habit, I ordered my favorite Cubano Sandwich and she order a chicken dish.  Both were wonderfully prepared and tasty.

This restaurant is a treat and a gem. The parking lot is small and it's easy to miss.  Also the bathroom is outside the restaurant which only adds to the quaintness of the place. I have only patronized the location on Camelback and never tried the one on Bell.  If you want something different, then go.  You won't be disappointed and it will be a unique experience.
I don't have a problem paying $60-$80 for two, but when its worth it.  I think if it wasn't ridiculously over-priced it might have been a better experience.  I'm South American, grew up with Caribbean-Latin American food and I've had better.  But if you've never had Cuban, Puerto Rican or any Latin food; then I guess at least try it once.
"But I took three years of Spanish and I can't understand anything!" - said my friend. It's not necessary here. Irma was helping us. When I pulled her over to inquire why she was going to cry, it was because a patron couldn't possibly eat his postre. (A general word for dessert.) Irma, our amazing server, laughed when I said I'd take his dessert. This is very laid back, chill place serving authentic food in an unassuming place.

I miss hearing my parents and family banter in their Colombian selves. Cubans apparently mix and mingle in a similar fashion. Irma wove her magic throughout the restaurant, smiling and laughing. Quite possibly the happiest woman in Phoenix. (Eventually a delicious red sangria was selected, which went down entirely too fast.)

But back to the menu. The menu is clear to understand to anyone, from any corner of the world. Yes, I had a head start as many of the dishes share palates with Colombia. However, the menu here is clearly translated into English for anyone to decipher. No need to fret. And if you're overwhelmed by choices, there are two things that might help you order. Forks designate "Havana Signature Items". Additionally you can opt for a Combination or Sampler plate. It's for the "I Just Don't Know" moments.

SEATING
I came here the night someone had their wedding reception! So yes, Havana Cafe readily can accommodate groups. With charm, sincerity and the utmost attention they can provide wonderful service to a party of two. We arrived separately on a Tuesday night around 6-ish pm. Patrons started to trickle in more so around 7pm. 

Upon arriving I learned there wasn't really a bar area to wait for my friend to arrive. No matter, I was promptly seated even though my party had not fully arrived.

FOOD
Eager to eat we ordered fried plantains. When offered an option as to how they were prepared, I jumped and asked for Tostones. The pounded green ones (vs. the sweet kind.) Salty, but not too salty, served with a side of mojo-garlic lime sauce. My mom and aunt prepare them slightly crispier, but these were still delicious.

For a meal the Ropa Vieja was divine. Humongous, but delicious. Shredded beef brisket, bell peppers, onions, tomato wine sauce and black beans over rice. I was surprised by the difference in texture of the onions on the rice vs. the brisket. It was nice to have a sweet, fresh onion on the rice. The brisket had a blended texture of spices with the vegetables. (Enough left overs for two more meals. But I'm a girl eating 3 ounces of protein in a meal.)

The night was young, and ma ' belly was full. The flan looked tempting. I'll have to send a recon mission back just for that!

And yes, the leftovers were excellent :)
The pumpkin bisque is freakin delicious. Took a pint home and froze it to eat for later! Not the friendliest of service, but they def take care of you. Try a mojito too.
Sadly, the original location is closing, leaving the NE Phoenix restaurant the only one left.
What a disappointment! I had been wanting to come here for months. The service was embarrassingly bad. Despite the empty tables, there were 3 different groups waiting at least 15
minutes to be seated. Everyone in the restaurant seemed to be looking around for their waiter/waitress and looking generally displeased. We requested one of the several tables outside and were told by the surly hostess that we couldn't...because the tables were dirty (and she didn't want to clean them, presumably?). Our drink order was taken and then a clueless waiter came back to re-take it. When he returned, he'd already forgotten my drink order and had to go back the bar to make it. We then saw two of the servers get into an argument in front of us. 

Every table is supposed to get bread and we asked several people for ours when after 30 minutes, we still didn't have it. One waitress even told us, "I'm sure it's baking right now." No offer to check on it, no apologies, nothing. 30 minutes and 2 cocktails later, we looked at the group of disgruntled patrons and decided we would rather take our business elsewhere.
Food was good,  service decent. Nice patio. Just drove by now looks awfully dark. Number is disconnected. Looks like the end. Sorry to see them close.
Very easily the most authentic Cuban restaurant in Las Vegas...and if you want to gamble on it, in Nevada.  My Cuban family is EXTREMELY picky about Cuban food, and claim that nobody can cook as well as my grandmother - but I must confess, some of these dishes were even better than hers.  Oh hell, she thought so too!  The ropa vieja was sweet and tender, the yucca with the perfect amount of lemon juice and garlic (too many places leave them oily), and cafes con leche that are better than some places in Miami.   If you're a vegetarian, you won't really find anything to eat (the congri has pork, the vegetarian sandwich is less-than-stellar...), but meat eaters will be very happy!

It's only downfall - and for this level of flavor, it's minor,  is that Florida Cafe is located in a not so stellar location inside the HoJo's (the Howard Johnson).  

[edit: and as for Linette's comment below, I just have to say (as a fellow Cuban-American) that I disagree!  We always run into random relatives and such here, all born and raised in Cuba.)]
What a sh*t hole... Obviously no one here has ever been to Cuba or at the least, visited Miami... The food is so nasty, the prices are unbelievable.  Why would a croqueta be $3.00?  Who knows, who cares...People from Vegas hear this:  This is not authentic Cuban trust me I am from Miami with Cuban parents.
Kinda greasy, service was prompt but hard to hear (he was a mumbler).  Food wasn't the worst I've had but Habana, Cuba in San Jose, CA set the bar really high and this place didn't come close.  I suppose you could do worse for a hotel restaurant.
The location is kind of shady but the food is great.  I often get the pierna de puerco asada @ 12.95 I hardly think that the prices are unreasonable.  The chef-owner is Cuban and moved to Las Vegas from Cuba in 1992.   This food is authentic and it is delicious.
I give this place 4 stars for the food and two stars for location, maybe even one!  You can get a taxi to get there, but it's almost a miracle to get one to come back and get you.  The food is great.  Authentic cuban food.  I have been here 3 times and each time the food was wonderful.  Everyone in our group, no matter what they ordered, was happy with their food.  It may be the only great deal in Vegas.
Though I sooo don't look it, I actually am half Cuban...and I loves me some Cuban food!  Hard to get where I live unfortunately, so when I travel, I usually try to do a search to see if any can be had in my destination city.  Did I do it before my recent last minute trip to Vegas?? Uhhh, NO!  But luckily, the sister stumbled across this little gem in the back of a magazine...yay for us!

I was dubious about this place due to its location.  I mean really, how good could it be?  It was part of a crusty old Howard Johnson's in a rather run down (dare I say skanky?) part of town...not exactly inspiring!  But, for me,  the lure of platano maduro cannot, nay, WILL NOT be denied, so off to Florida Cafe we went!

The restaurant was cute enough inside, with a nice tropical feel - perhaps a bit tired but had a relaxed, easy going vibe.  Our waitress was gracious, accomodating and the service was fairly prompt.  No complaints.

We started off with the ensalada de aguacate. A large portion of avocado and a nice presentation...it was served dry and I missed the ubiquitous yummy garlicky dressing that I've come to expect.  We made due with the oil and vinegar available but it just wasn't the same. Still tasty though.

For our entrees, we both opted for the black beans and rice and of course, my all time fav, platano maduro!!   First off, the beans were cooked perfectly...dark, rich and flavorful.  Deeelish!   As for the platano, I was in sweet ripe fried plantain heaven!!  They were uberyummy...soft, sweet, dark, dark brown (almost looked burnt, but trust me, that's a good thing!!) and had chewy, carmelized edges.  God, I live for those crusty edges!!!!  Yea, I'm weird that way!

Oh and the bread was yummy too!

So, is this the best Cuban food I've ever had?  No, that is reserved for Versailles in Miami and, to a lesser degree,  La Cubana in Glendale.  But it was really good...reasonable, tasty and very satisfying.  And though I cannot vouch for any of their other offerings, I was more than pleased with the experience and am looking forward to my next visit to Vegas and Florida Cafe!

And yes, I did take 2 additional orders of platano maduro home with me!!!  God I love that shit!
The sandwiches were excellent; everything else, not so much. Meats that were dry and tasteless outside two slices of bread were tender and satisfying between them. My Cubano was well-constructed and well-seasoned, though the accompanying fries were just OK. Nevertheless, the sandwiches make this a solid cheap-by-Vegas-standards option that doesn't require you to get off Las Vegas Blvd. Don't get married here though.
Really loved this place.  Great value for the money on the Las Vegas Strip (kind of at the arse end of the strip, but certainly quite safe, especially if you are staying nearby or park at the HoJo where it's located inside).  

I can safely say that I knew nothing of Cuban food, but I know what I like, and I LOVED their mini Cuban sandwich, served with deep fried crispy green plantain chips, and some sort of lime/garlic dressing.  It was hells of good (as they say in Socal).  Also, the servers were quite friendly.  One was not quite fully bilingual but she was sweet and cute, so we didn't mind.  The proprietor told me that this is one of three Cuban places in Vegas, another owned by his brother.  My friend loved the traditional 2-egg breakfast with all the toxins.  2 thumbs up!
I am going to rate this place high for the Cubano sandwich, which was packed with good pork and ham . . . but especially for the Espresso, best I've had since my trip to Havana in '97. And at $2 a demi-cup, well I had three . . .  great fuel for a late night on the town. My partner recommends the black bean soup and the avocado salad , which was a beautiful presentation of one dead ripe Forida avocado (the big ones) sliced, face down on the half shell, perfectly peeled with a lemon garnish.  Excellent.  The service, however, was crap . . .  I had to go to the bar to find my waiter who was engaged in conversation with two other gentlemen . . . in other words, the Espresso was as good as Havana and the service was on par with what the State provides on the Island.
Went here with a few co-workers, including a Cuban girl. She loves the place and says she forced her husband to come with her every week when she was pregnant.

The location is pretty shady, inside a Howard Johnson on Las Vegas Blvd North. Parking is behind the motel and it's a bit of a walk, but once you get inside, the atmosphere in the hotel lobby and restaurant are nice enough. 

Service was very slow, and our waitress wasn't knowledgeable about the menu. She tried to help my friend figure out what she ordered last time, but most questions were met with an "I don't know". One of my, uh -- less inhibited -- friends started questioning her background - "are you Cuban?" ... "no" ...  "are you a white girl?!" ... "yes, but my mother is from Peru".

The food was good, but very overpriced. I ordered ropa vieja ($12.95), a stew of shredded beef with tomato and spices. You can choose between white rice with black or red beans, or moros y cristianos - a tasty mixture of white rice and black beans with pork broth and a few stray cubes of pork. The side of moros almost dwarfed my saucer of ropa vieja. Another friend ordered a Cuban sandwich, also overpriced at $12.95. Another asked for extra cheese on her ground beef dish and was given one of those stainless salad dressing boats full of uncooked shredded cheese, and charged $2 for it.  They did remove it from the bill when she complained, though. The total for five of us, including two sharing an entree, was $75 before tip.

Overall, the food was good, but I definitely had to dock a couple stars for the service and pricing.
This place has many pros and cons.

The food? Good.  I love that steak sandwich they have there! YUMMY!

The bugs? Bad.  I mean... it's creep to see one or two run across the bar while you eat.

The service? Good.  The bartender they had at the time was great. Made us laugh, and was on top it.

The location? that area the restaurant is in is not the greatest.  Although you get a good view of the strip club from the restaurant.  Sometime they will be swinging outside the club!
We decided to eat at The Florida Cafe because it was in our hotel. It took a while for us to get seated. The waitresses seemed off in their own world most of the time. We waited about 20 minutes before we even got our servers attention that we wanted to order. I thought the food was okay, but my husband loved what he got. When we needed refills, our waitress was nowhere to be found.
I got takeout from this place once.  It was not great but not horrible.  It was however very expensive.  It seems like its kind of a touristy place so they jack up the price.  Not sure.  All I know is that Rincon Criollo http://www.yelp.com/biz/rincon-criollo-las-vegas up the street is much, much better and maybe half the price..
The Florida Cafe in Las Vegas is an adventure. It's north of the Stratosphere and south of Downtown on Las Vegas Blvd, attached to the Howard Johnson Hotel (who knew these still existed?). There are lots of sex shops and wedding chapels in the area (apparently, the two things go hand in hand in Vegas - a more honest presentation if you ask me). You pull through the entry way and into the hotel courtyard/parking area and walk on into the lobby entry. Go into the Spanish style entry way off the lobby, and be prepared for the BEST breakfast in Vegas. The Desayuno Cubano is simply heaven. Eggs, Cuban Toast, fried plantains and stuffed potatoes, mashed potatoes that are filled with ground beef and some olive, shaped into balls then rolled in panko bread crumbs and fried, either served on a flat, plate sized piece of ham or not. Heaven! The staff is somewhat unattentive, but them's the breaks. You're at the friggin' Howard Johnson Hotel, not the Four Seasons. For the folks who say it's too expensive, I say go get your dollar hot dog at Slots of Fun or your average prime rib buffet, and pipe down. I, for one, would rather have an experience, and the Florida Cafe gives you that, and a delicious breakfast to boot!
The only reason I am giving this restaurant 4 stars is strictly for the food. Being from Miami, I love Cuban food and I haven't had it in a long time. The food is amazing; so much that I went there for dinner the first night and breakfast the following two mornings. If there was a rating for service I would give it a 1. The first night we arrived at around 9:20 pm (they close at 10 pm). We got our appetizers, but still had not gotten utensils or napkins. We had to ask for water twice, once when we got there and once when the appetizers arrived. Note we were the only ones in there. For breakfast the next two days, the service got worse. On the third day we waited for 15 minutes after being seated until we ordered. Our waitress seemed to avoid us every time I tried to make eye contact.  Make sure you ask for water when you get there cause we waited about 20 minutes to get water.  Our food and coffee arrived first than our water; how do you explain that?  Bottom line, this was the worst service I have ever received, but for me alone the food was worth the lack of sevice. Unfortunately, I would definitely go again.
A classic Cuban eatery. This place is unbelievable, offers heaping portions, is priced right, and away gives me a piece of Havana but with Desert like undertones. I have frequented this place for over 8 years and I am never dissatisfied. Plus the owners nail classic dishes like Cubano and Bistec sandwiches on the head. The grilled Pork Chops are to die for too!!
I give it 3.5 stars.
We decided to venture out of touristville to where it is somewhat scary and you see semi-real Vegas. In other words, this place is not among the glitz and glamour of the strip. In fact, it is in a rather seedy area, but it is located within a Howard Johnson's so we checked it out. Across the street is all-nude dance place. Maybe next time....

The food was very good. We started with mini-Cuban sandwiches which came with a plate of fried plantains. The plantains were not greasy at all and the sandwiches were delicious. I got some kind of chicken dish in borth (#94) and the chicken was excellent. The wife got pork from the leg and it was so soft (#81). Can't remember how to pronounce the names. Anyway, it was a really good meal. My main complaint is that although the meat was super tender and moist, neither dish had much flavor, which to me was surprising since I assumed Cuban food would be very flavorful. but both dishes were rather bland. The black beans and rice were flavorful and excellent, but the meat not so much. I would go back because I like ethnic food, but I would ask the waitress for a recommendation that had more flavor.
3 stars because their potatoes balls stuffed with ground beef were delicious.  Otherwise...

...Florida Cafe turned out to be a huge letdown for me.  For years, I've wanted to try this place that I keep hearing about from people, seeing ads for on bus stops...

So one night after CES, we made last minute reservations to go.  They weren't busy...I mean, seriously, who goes to a HoJo (Howard Johnson) for dinner?  (Apparently, they're also big on weddings - saw a wedding party and huge limo milling around the parking area.)

As I said, our starter, the potato balls were great.  That got us even more excited for our actual food.  We shared the following:

FC's "Famous" black bean soup - Served not quite hot, which was strike #1...and basically it was just...beans.  A big ole bowl of black beans cooked for a long time.  They weren't great, flavorful or anything. It congealed as it cooled and after about 10 minutes, was no longer in the realm of appetizing.

Cuban Sandwich - Unlike the soup, this dish was served lava-hot.  Even 20 minutes after it was served to us, we still burnt our tongues on the cheese.  Though not as disappointing as the soup, the sandwich was still underwhelming.  There was no real flavor that stood out.  The "pickled" veggies that they put in the sandwich weren't nearly noticeable.

Beans & Rice - Ok...really?  Cubans make their rice with Uncle Ben's boil in a bag dealio?  Really.  The description of the dish mentioned black beans mixed in with pork bits.  Delicious right?  Wrong.  I got myself a big plate of terribleness.  It smelled like instant rice and tasted like it.  I like how the rice comes served molded in a bowl which they lift away as they present it to you. My, how that Uncle Ben's rice scattered as soon as the bowl was taken away.  What's the point of molding it?

Service was decent and for that and the potato balls, I'm giving FC 3 stars thought I quite believe I'm being very generous.
Florida Cafe was another restaurant where we bought a coupon for $25 off from restaurant.com.  Cuban eateries aren't very common around here (I would have to go into Boston for Cuban food), so I was all over coming here. This is definitely located in the seedier side of Vegas. When we heard that it was three miles from the Bally's hotel, we decided to wait until the day we rented the car to come here...and I'm really glad we didn't walk.  Actually, I thought the inside was pretty cute-- there were palm trees painted on the walls and the bar had bongos for stools.  

Our waitress wasn't the most friendly person and another waitress kept bringing us drinks and food and sounded like she was apologizing for the slowness of the first waitress, but I couldn't really tell.  For drinks, the husband had a gin and tonic and I had a mango mojito (which took a long time to make).  The tostones (fried plantains) and shrimp  sounded good for appetizer, so we ordered that.  There were six plantain patties and we simply couldn't finish the app.  My husband had his standard ropa vieja for dinner with rice and beans and I had the arroz con pollo.  My dish, although savory, had sweet plantains on top of the rice, which was a little strange and didn't fit very well, but since I love plantains, I didn't mind too much.  The portions were very large and I could only finish about a third of my dish.  In addition, the arroz con pollo came with a black bean soup.  

If I came back to Vegas, I'm not sure if I would come back, mostly because of the isolated location.  Also, I thought the wait staff were not very customer service oriented.  However, I'm glad I was able to eat Cuban food during our trip.
My sister was on Oprah for her fabulous job as a Wine Angel, so we decided to celebrate over dinner at Florida Cafe.  I've always wanted to try this place however it's downtown LV and it's quite a drive from my house.  The service is excellent, the food is delicious and the ambience is family friendly. Ohh and everything at such a reasonable price.  Highly recommended!
Their lack of service really outweighed the quality of their food, so for that I am giving them one star (I wish I could give none).

The waitresses thoroughly pissed both me and my bf off. First of all, we were the first people to go into the restaurant at 11am. Once we entered, they looked over at us from the bar and I said "hello" with a smile on my face, which was quickly turned into a scowl after they just stared at us without responding. We just stood their for 5 minutes while they kept on talking to each other at the bar. Then FINALLY one of them comes up to us and says "yes, what can i help you with?" "um, we're here for breakfast" is what we said. Then she told us to sit in the front without even bringing us over to a table. 

We picked out what we wanted fairly quickly. We both got Cuban style breakfasts which were $8.95 each (pretty overpriced for what you get). My plate consisted of some plantains, two potato balls, two pieces of toast, and eggs....for $8.95. Which reminds me that they totally screwed up on my order. I ordered scrambled eggs and my boyfriend ordered his over easy. They brought us our plates (after about 20 minutes of waiting even though we were the only customers) and both plates had over easy eggs. I didn't even bother complaining because I knew it was just going to take even longer and we were on pressed time. I felt like they just did all the eggs over easy to make it simpler for themselves. 

My bf finished his plate first and he scooted his empty plate to the side of the table so the waitress could see and pick it up. Instead the waitress sat some lady that just arrived to a booth next to us and started talking to her in Spanish for a while, took her order, then walked right past our table without taking the plate or giving us and refills. Shortly after that, I finished my plate of food. At that point there were TWO empty plates at the side of the table and TWO empty cups next to them. It really ticked me off to see the waitress bring the lady's order out right away, talk to her some MORE, then pass our table ONCE AGAIN without doing anything. We were literally sitting there doing nothing. 

The waitress went to the lady's table again to talk to her some more and that's when my boyfriend asked her for the bill, then she asked us if we wanted some refills and took our plates. If that's what it takes to get refills and a clean table at this place then that's just ridiculous.

She came out with not our bill, but the bill for the lady in the booth next to us. WTF that really got us mad! That lady next to us arrived about 30 minutes after we arrived.  We asked for the bill ONCE AGAIN and she brought it out along with the other lady's change. My bf slammed his card on the bill right away cuz we were not in the mood to wait any longer. 

As we waited for the waitress to bring us the receipt I noticed all the other waitresses just standing around the bar DOING NOTHING BUT TALKING TO EACH OTHER AND LOOKING AT THEMSELVES IN THE MIRROR. That's probably what they do all day long since the bar has a wall made up of mirrors. It was so annoying, there was about 5 other waitresses and not one of them could give us good service. I noticed one of the waitresses made a stripper outfit out of her uniform. All of her tramp stamp tattoos were showing since she rolled her shirt up and she was wearing hoochi shorts, I found it very unprofessional. 

Our receipt finally came. I begged my bf not to give a tip, unfortunately he did lol, but it was only 5 percent. They really deserved less considering they neglected the hell out of us . 

I don't know if it was because of the way we looked (my bf has dreads and I have a nose piercing) but the service was just horrible and it seemed like it was only like that for us. Either way, no establishment should be run like this. 

We still want to try the Cuban buffet and we plan on doing so next week. Luckily with buffets you go and get your own food, so we won't be needing much of their services. I guess then I'll be able to post something about their food. That is, if they don't make a black cloud hover over it with their service.
I never thought I'd say this but this place is better then my Cuban grandmothers kitchen. 

I seriously had to stop eating and compose myself because I was about to have a Food Orgasm (yes this sounds raunchy) but I cannot describe it any other way. Plus what better place to have one of those, then in Vegas, across a strip-club and the famous Little White Chapel of Love. 

Everything was magnificent (and I seriously tried everything). I'll definitely be making a trip back to Vegas just to eat here.
I'm always excited to try Cuban restaurants and the food here definitely didn't leave me with a bad experience. I went in for breakfast - can't remember exactly what I had but I know it was hella good!

It's a small restaurant off the strip - doesn't look like much but you definitely have to go in!
For those of you who don't know, Florida Cafe is the sister restaurant of Havana Grill in Henderson (off of Pebble & Eastern)...same owners. So much for thinking one sister is always prettier than the other.  And I don't know what I was thinking...because I like to give the benefit of the doubt, maybe I should only apply that to friends and not food.  I ordered the Pollo Frito (which I've had at HG as well)...I mean c'mon it's fried chicken. This shit was bland...my napkin had more flavor. Don't. Just don't. You're better off learning how to cook Cuban food at home and not regret spending the money.
I was not impressed by Florida Cafe.  Many of the reviews I have read from Yelp and other review sites said it was the best cuban restaurant in Las Vegas, but I highly disagree.  My roommate and I came in for lunch on Sunday, and were a bit confused by the location, which is located inside of a Howard Johnson a little north of the strip.  Location is not a big deal to me, though, so I didn't think much of it.  

We ate in the cafe section, because the other section was closed off for a buffet, but we wanted to judge the restaurant on their everyday menu, and not a special weekend buffet.  The service was very average, and didn't put our order in until about 20 minutes after being seated.  But service isn't a big deal to me, as long as the food pulls through.  

We ordered an order of Croquetas, and an Empanada.  The croquetas were the worst I have ever had.  Very small, and lacking in flavor.  The outside was a little bit crispy, and the inside was dry and flavorless.  The empanada was pretty good, but nothing too special.  For our entrees, I ordered the Roasted Leg of Pork (pierna de puerco), which is a staple at any cuban restaurant.  My roommate ordered the steak sandwich.  Neither of us were very pleased.  The sandwich was okay, but didn't have much going on.  The leg of pork was tender, but overly oily, and did not have much of the bitter orange and garlic flavor that Pierna de Puerco usually has.  

Overall, we were very disappointed, and will probably not come back because there is a better cuban place closer to me.
This is the best Cuban Restaurant in Las Vegas. I have lived in this city for manay years, and know every Latin Restaurant around this area. The Food in Florida Cafe is healthy and tasty, the service is excelent, the restaurant is very nice family like atmosphere and the price is very afforadable. I recomend this place highly.
There were four of us and the best thing about this place was the bread that doesn't get refilled. Don't come here.  It smells funny and the service is horrible!  I have heard good things but this is like being in the twilight zone!
After driving around Vegas a little bit, I passed by the Howard Johnsons on Las Vegas Blvd and against my friend's better judgment, we tried out a little Cuban restaurant attached to the hotel: Florida Cafe.

Excellent little place. Well, excellent if you're not vegetarian. While my friend indulged in the one vegetarian entree, I had the chicken over rice with pimentos and peppers. Pretty sure it wasn't the healthiest meal in Vegas, but the taste of the fried yellow rice was enough to put the restaurant on my permanent list. And while the rice was stealing the show, the chicken (I think it was roasted) fell off the bone when I pulled at it with my fork and produced a simple and yet flavorful combination.

Cuban food, at least as done by Florida Cafe, is sweet and slightly spicy, but with a totally separate spice that other Latin or Caribbean food. It doesn't overpower like jerk (Jamaican) or feel dusted in cumin (Latin). Instead, it offers a subtle sweetness mixed with a slight spice.

While I'd heard a recommendation from someone at work, I wasn't expecting much since the restaurant was attached to a HoJos. I think the best way of explaining how good the place was is to tell that they screwed up my first drink order and served me Jack Daniels instead of Jim Beam. And I still have not a bad word to say (about the food--service is a totally different story and not what I talk about here).
This isn't as good as their Henderson location.  Sorry guys.  Parking is a nightmare.  You have to park around the back of the hotel.  But that is not the reason that it is not as good.  The best way to describe it is that the food lacked passion.
Living in Las Vegas for awhile, I never heard or really spotted this place, until my boyfriend's mother introduced me to it. It's attached to a hotel, it's a small cute place. The decor is Miami style, hence the name Florida Cafe. Let me tell you, bring someone who speaks Spanish, and knows what to order, because I was clueless on that part.

I had the special which was rice, beans, and chicken. The food was satisfying, the bread went endlessly into my mouth lol. Everything was tasty, and the "usually" wait time for food. 

The service was pretty good, the waiter joked that I should pick up Spanish. Overall there wasn't anything I disliked, other than maybe the drinks being overpriced.
This review is for the Bar ONLY. We didn't eat.

This place makes me laugh a litle....decor that is, and the interesting characters we saw inside. Nothing WRONG with it, just kind of made me giggle and smile. Tehehehe.

We were attending a very fabulous, formal fancy shotgun wedding at the Little Chapel next door. We were early, the Chapel was running late. Shotgun weddings and booze go hand in hand so we stopped in at the HOJO and saw this Cafe. Perfect. It has a bar. 

The bartender was friendly and made us some wonderful drinks! Granted, they were only Captain 'n Cokes but hey, they were some MEAN Captain 'n Cokes and hit the spot. I thought maybe since it was inside the HOJO and close to downtown that the drinks would be cheap. Wrong. Try $7 each. Damn, steep for "nearly downtown" but I guess it's technically ON the strip...

If I'm ever in the area and need a quick drink I will definately stop in. Maybe even try some food next time.
The bread is really tasty, the Cuban sandwiches are very tasty and pretty filling. The pulled pork at our table was a little dry, and my sandwich didn't come with pickles, I had to request them. They were out of maduros and the black beans were too soupy and a little blandishments. Seems pretty authentic. No substitute for the fries, which isn't good for me! Nasty Taters precious!
If you love Cuban food then you will love Florida Cafe!!  I went there years ago when it was a hole in the wall outside Howard Johnson's.  It has since been remodeled and the restaurant and separate dining room are lovely.  Not to mention the buffet is awesome!!  For $10 they have everything Cuban -- ropa viejo, empanadas, lechon, BBQ pork, yuca with garlic, black beans and rice, maduros, salads, desserts and more.  There were five of us and the bill was only $55 including tax.  You can't beat that!  The waitress was very helpful and I can't wait to go back.
I had a pretty bad experience last time I came here. The service was awful and the food was pricey. However, this time around we went to the buffet, so we weren't ordering off the menu and we sat in the buffet area where there were a few people going around to check up on us and make sure our drink glasses stayed filled. 

The buffet is about 10 bucks and it is pretty incredible! They had empanadas, yuca con chicharron, platanos, tamales, arroz con frijoles negros, salad, and many other options which I can't name that were authentic Cuban dishes. They had at least 10 different options in their buffet and that's not including the dessert, which had about 5 different dishes plus ice cream! Did I mention, the buffet includes drinks? Where else can you find a deal this great!?

The food was so full of flavor and mouthwatering! We both got at least 3 plates, which was a little insane, but soo worth it! I've never had authentic Cuban food like this before. Being able to try their buffet was an awesome way to try many different Cuban dishes all at once.

After attacking the buffet, I went to the dessert section. I got like 2 plates of flan, some ice cream, and 2 plates of arroz con leche. Everything was delicious! 

I HIGHLY recommend trying out this buffet. You definitely get your money's worth and it's a great way to try Cuban food if you've never had it before. Although, it might spoil you for life! It is also a plus that you can get some points here from OpenTable, if you have an account. We were able to make reservations for the buffet, which we really didn't need reservations for, and get about 100 points!
Very excited to stumble upon a Cuban place in Vegas.

I keep reading about this $10 buffet which I must come back for but I will write on some items I had for lunch.

The place is located in the Howard Johnson motel in Downtown Vegas on LV Blvd.  It looks pretty seedy but there's something I like about it.  

For food, I ordered the Ropa Vieja, which is shredded beef stewed with tomatoes, bell peppers and onions.  Very flavorful.  

My friend ordered the Pierna de Purerco Asada - oven roasted leg of pork marinated in mojo of lemon, galric, lemon, lime, orange juice.  Very good too.

Some other friends ordered some items that they weren't pleased with but it could be because they just don't have an adventurous palette.

The cuban pork sandwich was pretty darn good.  It's not what you'd get in Miami but it s hard to find great Cuban food anywhere.

The menu is intense -- I'll def be back for buffet which seems to be the best pound for pound value.
i LOVE this place.. their buffet, food, and service can't be beat. they make you feel like family, and keep you happy during your entire time with them. I love their pan con bistec, pollo asado, arroz con pollo, and ropa vieja. Almost everything I've had I loved.. their tres leche cake is AMAZING & so is their flan. I almost always get the el riquimbin cubano for dessert, which is tres leches cake topped with flan.. omg to die for!! i also had their chocolate tres leches cake which is the best ever.. the strawberry juice and cuban milkshakes are the BEST ever.. definitely add this place to your list, cuz it's gonna be your ABSOLUTE FAVORITE!!
After seeing all the advertisements around town, I was determined to give Florida Cafe a try. A friend had passing the qualifying tests to become a PhD student. What a perfect opportunity for a celebratory lunch. 

Attached to the Howard Johnson on Las Vegas Boulevard, you can easily miss the parking lot if you don't read the sign quick enough. The turn into the motel leads to the parking for both establishments. The decorum is dark and most of the tables are set up for family style eating. It does not matter if you are a party of 1 or 10, you probably will be sat at the same size table. If it is busy, do not be surprise if you end up with a random stranger sitting next to you. This can be nice if you are a social person and don't mind small chat. 

There were two people serving in the entire restaurant. It was not that busy, but one guys was running around doing everything. Although service was lacking, and the food was slow, he was friendly. It took a little more than half an hour for our order to come. We thought it was just us, but everyone around us were complaining to themselves as well.

The food is nothing impressive. I know I ripped into Mi Peru, but Florida Cafe makes the former seem perfect. Still confused about the difference between most of Latin cuisine, I ordered the arroz con pollo. I am out on a quest to at least find the best version of this dish in Vegas. The rice was fluffy, but greasy and overly salty. The mixed in pieces of peas and potatoes were a nice addition. The bell peppers tasted like they were pickled, but oily at the same time. I have never came across this combination before. At this point, I missed the pickled onions that I got at Mi Peru. The dish came with a side of beans, three pieces of plantains, and two chicken drumsticks. The overall temperature of the meal was cooler than room temperature. It was not cold, but was getting there. My favorite side dish to any Cuban meal, the plantains were old and chewy instead of hot, crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. My friend ordered a Cuban. It was also really salty and the pulled pork was dry. 

I was told that they open the buffet on the weekends and it is a better deal. I am just glad that my group is going out again tonight, because this was more of a punishment than a celebration of a job well done.
Made it for the buffet.  Food was very good and the price was unbeatable!
I have been to Florida Cafe numerous times during the past 8 years because I live with Cubans and I LOVE Cuban food, and this last time will hopefully be my LAST time.  It was never better than ok, and now it is ridiculous. The decor is nice, the wait staff is nice.  However, the food is terribly expensive and it isn't very good.  The rice and beans are mediocre, and the ropa vieja is uninspired.  The piss poor service is what sent me over the edge this time.  Saturday afternoon, several employees roaming around, but none with the title, seemingly, of waiter/waitress.  Seriously?  Is it that difficult to get drink service?  What about a refill?  Can I have one of those?  Could someone check to make sure that everyone received what they ordered and that it was satisfactory?  Apparently not. Picadillo?  Ick.  Papas rellenos?  Ick....were those INSTANT potatoes?  They DID make damn sure to send someone over to take a photo of my group and then hit us up for a $20.00 photo.  Um...No.  Thank you, no mas.  If you are familiar with Porto's in L.A....this isn't even close.  There is a reason that there is always a line there, and never one here.  
For authentic food, try Rincon Criollo down the street.  Indifferent service, sketchy location, horrible decor, but AWESOME food.
I dont know what happened to this place!! I have been coming here since 2007 and let me tell you, 4 years ago this place was easily a 5 star!!! I went back a few weeks ago to have lunch after almost 2 years and i'll say that the customer service really went downhill. The waitress was so nonchalant and indifferent towards us it aggravated the hell out of me!! Back in the day, they served cuban bread  to your table before your meal was ever served! I asked the waitress twice for an order of Cuban bread! The first time she said the chef in the back was preparing it.. 15 minutes came by and after our main course was already on the table, still no cuban bread. We were finally done eating and ready to go when the cuban bread finally came to the table!! We had to have it boxed to go.. I will give 3 stars because the food is really good, but they seriously need to get it together or they're gonna loose this loyal customer...
This has to be the worst buffet ever. And everyone keeps saying $10 so I don't know why a bill for 2 people came out to $35 and we only tried to eat one plate of the nasty food they had. Service lacked and the food looked and tasted like something you find in a toilet in the bathroom at a bar. We had to pick up food on the way home. Never again.
HMMmmm.  This was a tough one, but I guess that's why we are here.  I seem to enjoy the food but I was far from impressed.  I will go pros and cons.  

Pros;

It is a unique place.  It has it has a charm to it.  It's different.

The food was tasty.  I had roasted pork with red beans and rice.  It did seem to be missing something like a sauce or something.  It was meat - rice - beans... I was wondering if Cuban food comes with some type of condiment or something...

One major plus was the Mojito!!

Cons;

It was not very busy but they had the few guests jammed into 3 booths in a corner of the restaurant.  I am sure this is for a server convenience thing but I would have like to spread out a bit.  Also,  The booth was missing half the padding in the back and it was just covered over.  

The appetizer was a fried potato thing.  It was 2 golf ball size fried mashed potato balls with a little meat.  Not exactly generous.  Maybe if they had some cavier on it or something.

This place is in a terrible location.  I was confused as hell.  The parking is in the back of the Howard Johnson.  Then you walk through the hotel.  It was weird.  Luckily my friend knew how to get into this place.

Service was ho-hum.

The manager approached us and asked, Did you find a cell phone here."  I am okay with helping someone recover lost property.  I would have preferred if the manager said, "exceuse me for interupting your dinner, but someone lost a cell phone do you mind if we look real quick."  I guess it isn't a big deal but it rubbed my rhubarb the wrong way.

The prices seem to be pricey too.
Meh. . . I had some really, really dry Vaca Frita here. The place is nice and the staff friendly, but this isn't the place to score good Cuban food. It is next to the Little White Wedding Chapel though. Extra star!
Florida Cafe should have an addendum to it.  It should be "Florida Cafe inside the Howard Johnson's".

Food was pretty good, but I have a complaint that is not just for the Florida Cafe, but for all restaurants in general.  If your menu lists what is on a sandwich, typically diners assume that is all that comes on the sandwich.  Please do not list the things that come on the sandwich, and then not include certain ones.  I ordered the Chicken Sandwich, which came with lettuce, mayo and tomatoes.  There was no mention of the grilled onions, of which my sandwich was drowning in.  I don't like onions.  Learned my lesson, I guess.

Overall, the restaurant was nice.  Service was very mediocre.  At one point, I watched our waitress have a 5 minute conversation with her boyfriend in the waiting area.  We were the only people in the whole room, so I know she wasn't busy.

Food was good.  My wife ordered a salad for 8 bucks...which was some chopped up lettuce, one sliced tomato and an avacado.  Not sure she got her money's worth on that one.

Also, for those of you visiting Vegas, this restaurant is technically on the strip, but don't expect to walk there.  Take the bus.  You will thank me!
I have been there for the buffet and it was delicious and very varied: the morros y cristianos, arroz con pollo, pork, ropa vieja, pescado to name just a few.

The food seems very authentic (better that other  Cuban restaurants I have been to). The deserts are excellent too.

I will definitely eat here again, whenever I will come back to Vegas.
The service here isn't the greatest but the food more than makes up for it!

My husband loves the house-made pork rinds but my favorite will always be the Ropa Vieja until I can figure out how to make a similar one at home. The meat is tender and flavorful and their rice is good, too.

He has also tried and loved the Cubano sandwich and my daughter is a big fan of the Fricase de Pollo con Pappas. 

And I don't know how, exactly, they make their mojitos but I have always hated mojitos until I tried theirs. So very tasty and refreshing on a hot summer day!

The service here is on the slow side but if you don't have anywhere to be, why rush it?
I like to venture out w diff. types of food once in awhile so I wanted to give this place a try with a Groupon offer. Total disappointment. First of all, its location...sucks! Secondly, unprofessional staffs busy eating and talking...sucks! And lastly, very-dried-up-NO-flavor-over-fried food...major sucks!
We stopped in for lunch. Other than one couple we were the only customers. After being seated it took several minutes for our server to come over. My wife ordered the small Cuban sandwich from the appetizers along with white rice beans and pork. I ordered the small Cuban pizza. My wife got her food first, which was fine. She enjoyed the Cuban sandwich and the rice was very good. I ordered  a small Cuban Pizza. My pizza arrived after 22 minutes. For a small pizza it was easily 10 to 11 inches across. I don't know what made it a Cuban pizza. It lacked traditional spices you find on pizza. I would have asked for any spices however, our server only stopped by just prior to us leaving. Is it asking to much for a refill on drinks. For that I have to mark them down in their rating. Also, be careful and ask about parking to avoid being towed. 

It really was a 2.5 Stars
Once is enough for me.
The plaintains are yummy, there is not much fresh & healthy, but the spices & sauces on the meats are really well done.

Service is awful, probably because they force you to pay an 18% tip, on a buffet no less.

It is a little 'dirty feeling'. And a bit expensive for what you get at the buffet. Should be $10 not $15 (plus tip).
I visited the all-you can eat buffet Cuban adjacent to the restaurant.  I believe it doubles as a lounge after hour. (The stage, dj booth and large speaker are a dead give away.)  

The location is kind of out of the way.  Their sister restaurant (Havana Grill) is much more convenient.  The restaurant is located in the Howard Johnson Motel in the sketchy stretch of Las Vegas Boulevard that no one ever talks about (north of the Stratosphere).  I only went  because I had a Groupon. 

The Good:  the arroz con pollo and tres leches cakes (chocolate and traditional) are very good.  The staff was friendly.

The Bad: pretty much everything else.  Be careful when grabbing the serving spoons, some were hot enough to burn and some were cold just like the food in the trey.  So a lot of the meat was dry from sitting at too hot of a temperature or was cold because it was not held at proper temp.

I doubt I'll be back even if there were another  Groupon, unless I have an insatiable urge for tres leches cake.
Used a groupon on this place and they put additional charges on our meal- including a required tip on a buffet where you grab your own food. The food was stale, there were no vegetarian options, and no salsa!!! The worst meal I have had in las Vegas to date. So not worth the money!!! Do not eat there!!!
If I could give this place negative stars I would. To start off we waited 10 minutes for the waitress to even acknowledge us. When she finally did we didn't get a smile or even an apology for taking so long. Brought everyone the wrong items. Forgot half of our drinks. Then she seemed irritated when we asked for what we originally ordered. To top it off our food was cold. Don't waste your time. Burger King would have been a much better choice.
I LOVED THIS PLACE....Ok not the best location or fastest service BUT Im not a snob and i know how to enjoy eating out!!!!! 
The BAD: Im guessing the Buffet I HATE BUFFETS ANYWAY GROSS!!!!
The GOOD: We used a Groupon and had lunch at 2:00 HAPPY HOUR 2 for 1 beer YA
More GOOD: The food that I had was Sooooo Gooooood and I looked at other peoples plates too (Thats the way I roll) haha And everyone's food looked really good!!!!!!!
The Atmosph is pretty cool and the place was clean..
I love eating lunch here!  I always get the same thing -- sandwich de ropa vieja (shredded beef, #63).  The sandwich is delicious and comes with fries.  The servings are also really substantive.  I usually only end up eating half the sandwich, and take the other half back to work.  (This is sort of dumb because I don't think the left over sandwich tastes as good.)

Although I've never had it, my peeps from work have also had the Cuban sandwich, which they really liked.  Other must orders include tostadas cubanas (toasted bread with butter -- sooooooo not healthy, but soooooooo not relevant or important when you're having some) and maduros (sweet fried plantains).  

The service is admittedly slow; the food takes times to come out and the waitress may not be back for awhile to refill your drink or for you to ask for the check.  But, as someone else pointed out, it doesn't matter because the food is damn good and makes up for it.

Also, the location looks sketch but is totally fine.  The restaurant is located inside the Howard Johnson lobby facing LV Blvd; the HoJo is a bit dilapidated.  Parking is limited either along the driveway to the back parking lot, or the back parking lot.  Once you park, you then have to walk along the driveway (short walk) to the HoJo lobby.  Easy!  

Although it was not entirely clear, last time I was there, I saw an open lot to the right of the HoJo on LV Blvd that had a Florida Cafe banner.  I think that may be a parking lot for the restaurant, but it looked like the lot was unpaved.        

Overall, the restaurant is really good and definitely worth a visit.  It's brightly decorated and has good music playing.  I especially love the ambiance.  Almost every time I've been here, I've heard Cubans speaking spanish while eating lunch near my table.  To me, that's a grade A sign of a place with good Cuban food.
This is my go-to Cuban restaurant. They remember you and the staff is amazing. Better yet, the food is AMAZING! I haven't tried anything I didn't like from here. I went back again today, and I found out they no longer do the buffet, which kinda sucked. BUT they do have another deal they're starting and I highly recommend you try it! Its 3 dishes (which are HUGE) portions for 7.50/person. OMG, wonderful! I simply love this place. Oh! & don't let its location stop you from going in cuz its one of the best places around.
Are you ever the person that seems to order the worst menu item in a group of people? I feel like I am that person. Too often probably.

So I will admit, up front, that my review is likely tainted by this dilemma. Let's call it, the my-dining-companions-order-better-then-me-envy. 

I'm guilty of this at Florida Cafe.

We started out the meal with the delicious buttered bread, tostones, and yuca. The fried plantains came with a yummy garlic butter sauce. I would have drunk that sauce straight if I wasn't eating with company.

As for my entree, my favorite dish at the Cuban restaurant back home is vaca frita. I figured I would try it out here for a comparison. It is horrible to come from one place with a magnificent version of a dish to go to another with a mediocre (at best) execution of the dish. The meat, while heavy in quantity, was dry and tasted tired. It was difficult to find any flavor layered in the dish aside from fried beef. C'mon! Instead of the red beans I ordered I was served black beans which was no big deal since I appreciate both kinds. But with a heaping pile of dry vaca frita, I was left feeling let down by my plate.

Thankfully my dining companions ordered better then me or else I might think worse of this place.

One person had the bistec de palomilla empanizada. It was tender, juicy, crispy happy times. I stole a fair share of bites out of that one. The Cuban sandwich looked fantastic and was gone before I could even consider trying it.

We finished the meal with fabulous Cuban coffees. Creamy, sweet, and bold. Ahhhhh. The perfect way to end a meal.

The location is sketch. The ambiance leaves a lot to be desired. But if your timing is right you can peep on people getting married across the lobby and the service in Florida Cafe is incredibly friendly.
this review will be a bit all over the place because of our experience...

i've had a $10 restaurant.com coupon for almost a year and finally made it there.  i was looking forward to their buffet so i could try a variety of Cuban dishes.  i've never had Cuban food before.  they said they wouldn't take the restaurant.com coupon!  server said they only take Groupon coupons for the buffet, BUT they stopped the buffet two weeks prior!  the server walked away with our drink order, we were baffled, so i check their website on my phone and it advertises a buffet!  i called restaurant.com and easily got the certificate refunded.

my friend (female latina) read them the riot act and asked to speak to the manager.  they said the manager had just left to go shopping.  they eventually called the owner who said they are in a lawsuit with restaurant.com, but they would honor $10 discount.  now on to the regularly scheduled review.

the menu is HUGE!  almost 150 items!!!  no, i didn't count them; thankfully they have everything numbered!  i ordered the Sandwich Cubano ($7.99) which came with a small bowl of fries and my friend got the Pollo a la Pancha ($12.95) that came with some very dark rice and beans.  they served warm (fresh?) bread that was pretty good.  once it finally came, my sandwich was awesome!  i was a little worried about the combo of pulled park, sliced ham, cheese, dill pickles, and mustard but my mouth was in heaven!  the pressed Cuban bread was pretty tasty, too.  The pollo was, um, bland.  i thin, smallish breast that had little taste.  the rice was a little salty but pretty tasty.

so, there customer service is good, waitstaff is fairly attentive and my sandwich rocked!  their advertising and speed of service needs some work.  i also enjoyed the Cuban music they played, although it was a bit loud for lunchtime.

PS:  the buffet is still advertised on their website.  :(
the biggest problem i have about this place is the attitude of the servers and the hostesses. the employees  are a bunch of assholes and food isn't that great..who has time for this shit when LV has some of the best food in the world..fuck'em where they breath..
The best Cuban restaurant I've attended outside of New York and Miami. Great fun, great food. Nuf said.
I don't know why everybody is giving this place low stars. I like the staff, they are super friendly, and one of the chefs took his time to talk to us when he was done at work.

Anything with chicken is awesome here! The meat falls right off the bone and melts in your mouth. I think I ordered the "Pollo Asado with Cuban Spices". It also comes with black rice with black beans. They told me it was just Cumin and Parsley, but it tasted a whole lot better than that. 

Me and my friend also had the Mojitos here. Both of us drink a lot frequently and we are surprised that the buzz creeped up on us so strongly. I had another half a glass and I got pretty hammered.

Prices are a bit expensive for the portions they give you, but the money is worth it for the quality of the food and drinks. It's really close to my workplace, just right up Las Vegas Blvd.

A common complaint is slow customer service. I thought the speed of service is alright, especially since I came on a slow day, Christmas Eve, where they are plenty of folks rushing to the mall to do late shopping instead.

Will I always come down here? No, I can't afford a weekly habit, but it's a really chill place for a date and I like the atmosphere.
We came here on our honneymoon exactly one year ago, the place was heaven.  We came back for our anniversary, and everything was horrid.  The service sucked.  The food was bland and had no flavor.  We had Arroz con Pollo and Picadillo, two of the most famous cuban dinners, and they were nasty and had no flavor.  All that was used was nasty dark meat chicken.  I will not be back and will instead be getting my Cuban food cuisine at the place down the street, Rincon Criollo.
I have been here twice before, mostly because of my love of cuban food.  It has been better before but never great.  I liked the maduros, but that was about it.  

I ordered an amazon.local gift deal (like groupon) where you get $20 of food for $10. Showed it to the the waitress before eating and then we ordered.  We ordered more than usual, because of the $20 voucher.  

When it was time to pay, I told her to make sure she took the $20 off.  She didn't take it off, ran my credit card for the full amount and said that because the manager wasn't there I couldn't use it!!!! WHAT?????  She told me to come eat there another time and use it and maybe the manager would be there.  

I politely said, "Couldn't you call the manager or amazon.com?"  She said, "Not really..."  She also said she couldn't refund any of the money because she already ran my credit card.  What a scam. 

I was angry, and will never be back again.  So much for a repeat customer.  I will advise anyone never to go.  Worst service ever. And the food wasn't even good.
Well where can I start. Over the past few years I've occasionally dropped in to eat here in hopes that they would improve. Sometimes the foods great and the service sucks or vice versa. I can never seem to get both at the same time. The past couple of times I've eaten here I've found that the food was bland. The maduros tasted like it was fried earlier that day then microwaved when ordered. The beans were lukewarm along with the dish. It seems like they cooked all the food earlier and reheated it when I ordered it. The Sangria was the only thing that was decent. The service was good AFTER the waitress decided to come to our table to help us which took a while.  The Yuca con Mojo used to be really good here but the other day it was dry and tasteless. The only reason why I keep trying this place out is because there are very few choices in town. Not going anymore after this.
The food here is very, very good. The Florida sandwich a la locura is a flattened chicken breast served on a giant round roll and topped with grilled onions, lettuce, tomato, cheese and mayo - even skipping the cheese and mayo it winds up being good for two or three meals. 

The arroz con pollo is delicious and I'm wishing i had some right now - the chicken is flavorful and the yellow rice with pimentos and peppers is incredibly flavorful, made all the more so by the fact that there's a bit of crisp to the rice like at the bottom of a paella.

Appetizers worth seeking out include the tostones with ropa vieja and the chorizo frito. As for the sopa de frijoles negros, I have cravings about this ridiculously good soup, topped with pungent slivers of white onion. I recommend liberally spiking this hearty soup with the green habanero hot sauce on the tables.

So then why am I only giving Florida Cafe three stars? Because it may have the most consistently poor service of any restaurant I frequent in Las Vegas. Slow, unaccommodating, absentee service is frustrating when the food is this good. Even when I'm the only customer in the restaurant I can't get any attention.
Having been born in Cuba, and grew up in the beautiful USA. I have eaten many a Cuban meal. And this place hits the spot if your looking for some Cuban Cuisine
Celebrated an awesome Mother's Day lunch with my Mom and Sister -- Cuban-Style!  I had the arroz con pollo and it was better than perfect.  The wait staff was amazing to say the least.  We had a waiter and waitress who tended to us in Spanish and made sure we we would enjoy our celebration lunch.  We even got a free photo postcard taken and created to mark the special occasion.
The food is AMAZING but the service is absolutely HORRIBLE.  The waitress is not very nice and is always in a rush. Do not eat there on your lunch break because you will be late going back to work. My husband went for lunch and ended up walking out because they were taking too long. People who came after him were getting their food 1st. When he was walking out the waitress said his food was on the way out and he said he had been waiting a long time and had to leave she then asked him to pay!!! He just left.  One time when I went there I was still ordering and she was walking away! I don't understand how that lady is still employed there.. she is always there during the day so maybe when she's gone it gets better...
The small restaurant was cute, the service was good not great the $5.00 breakfast was ok and the reason it was okay is because it hash brown were the pre packaged, pre cooked type (McDonald's hash-browns) yet our wait time was inexcusable because all that had to be cooked were the eggs. (You need to know that we were the only customers at the time that we ordered).  

The music at night sounded great, this is a place I will visit again because the hotel was great and the price was great.
We had our wedding reception at the Florida Cafe, the food was amazing!  The drinks were big and delicious!  We reserved the back room, and had a giant space available for us as well as a great DJ set up.  It took a little while to get things started, it seemed we were a little early and the staff was not entirely ready for us.  Once things got going, however, the wait staff was INCREDIBLY helpful and pleasant and hard working.  The food came out fast and everyone was very pleased.  The manager, Sergio, really made sure that the whole price was affordable and that we were taken care of.  Overall it was a great experience, and I hope the Florida Cafe will continue to host great parties like ours.
I loooove my Cuban food! Portions are pretty big and I never leave hungry. Staff can often take a bit to come by the table and forgets your orders but I go there mostly for the food not the staff. If you've never been there before its hard to find since inside the Howard Johnson hotel and the area is a little sketchy but once you're in the restaurant it's a whole lot different. Will definitely keep going back.
We ordered some Cuban sandwiches to go and some tostones(fried plaintains). The Cuban sandwiches come with an order of fries btw, they were very good. You get a small container of mojo(garlic & lemon juice dressing) so you can add it to your sandwich to your liking. The tostones were not very good. They were way to big and thick cut. Tostones should be thin and crunchy, these were way to thick and chewy, and not crunchy at all. If you take the sandwiches home and press them a little longer in your George Foreman grill, they are even better! :P
If you like Cuban food, you will love the Florida Cafe.  Upon walking in, you will notice the spectacular decor, including bongo drum bar stools.  The staff was immediately welcoming and very friendly.  Then there's the food.  We ordered Masas de Puerco (fried pork chunks) and Pierna de Puerco Asada (roasted shredded pork in a mojo sauce).  Both were outstanding.  The black beans and rice were classic and delicious.  The price was very reasonable and the service was beyond compare.  We are excited about going back.
Service has taken a significant downturn.  It was completely indifferent.  Decent food. Good music.   Horrendous service.

I am upgrading from my previous 1 star review (see above).  I went with a group of Cubans in March, and the service was much improved...very friendly.  The music was still good.  The food was much better than decent....not fabulous, but ok.
This place was awesome!  Granted, the location could have been better. It's located in the lobby of Howard Johnson WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY down the strip.  However, it's totally worth it ESPECIALLY if you know about good Cuban food! The staff consist mostly of Cuban decent which builds up on the authenticity, and the food is DELICIOUS. The portions could be bigger : / , but it was worth every penny since the food reminded me of my mother's home cooking (of course her pork in the Cuban sandwiches are way better, but it's a good substitution since mother isn't around to always cook them). I really recommend this place; especially if you like mojitos then get yourself down to Florida Cafe because they're serving them for Happy Hour 2-6 :)
Closest thing to the real thing on the west coast great food
My family has been coming to this restaurant since opening day and they've always had great food a fun atmosphere and reasonable prices. 

Today, my Mother, daughter and I had dinner and had a horrible experience with the service. The hostess/waitress never greeted us let alone greet us with a smile. The whole time not once did the waitress smile, ask if everything was ok, or if we needed anything. She never bothered to ask if we wanted a refill on our drinks.

To top it off, the food was horrible. The portions are a lot smaller but the prices has definitely gone up. I ordered their bistec de palomilla, which had no taste. My mom ordered the macitas de puerco, which that too could have used more seasoning such as SALT!!! 

Overall, the service can use improving and the food definitely needs more flavor.
Okay... so I held off on reviewing Florida Cafe mainly due to the fact that it's my dad's favorite restaurant and I didn't have it in me to give it a mediocre rating. BUT... I gotta do what I gotta do. I'm basing my review on the last two visits I had at the restaurant within the past two months. 

When you walk into the restaurant there is a podium where you would expect to be greeted immediately by a host of some sort to seat you. Both of the last two times I stood here patiently, I stood for about five minutes. It was one of those lengthy moments where you begin to search for the "please seat yourself" sign because it was RIDICULOUS. Upon being seated, we looked over the menus, but were set to order about 5 minutes after sitting down. We gave the subtle (and not so subtle) hints of being ready (putting all our menus down, making eye contact with EVERY employee, waving to the waitresses), and ten minutes later, nothing. Waiters and waitresses would pass our tables, what appeared to be managers would point to our tables to their employees, and finally a waitress came to take our order. THANK GOODNESS.

So, I must say I do enjoy the food here. I always make sure to order the papas rellenas (potato balls), masitas de puerco (fried pork and onions), camarones al ajillo (garlic shrimp), and maduros (plantain bananas). 

Sadly, while I am a firm believer in the fact that good food can outweigh less than superior service, that doesn't apply here. We had gotten our waters a good thirty minutes after sitting down and without the lemons/limes we had asked for. Waters were not refilled a single time. Not a single employee had paid a visit to our table despite passing it multiple times. After we had completely cleaned off our plates, we waited to be given our check. 10 minutes passed and I eventually waved to our waitress for the check. 5 minutes passed and still no check. I began growing more impatient as the clock kept ticking that I took the liberty of stacking all of our plates, cups, silverware, and napkins and placing it at the end of our table.  5 minutes after that, the check finally came. 

It seems to me that while I do understand that each position in the restaurant business has its own duties, it doesn't excuse being ignored and unattended to. Everyone outside of the kitchen whether it be the managers, waiters, or servers should be able to communicate with customers, refill beverages, take an order, or even be able to visibly see when a customer needs their assistance. 

All I have to say is, sometimes tip is based on service... and it definitely was in this case.
I have heard that this is an older well established restaurant.  This place is clearly starting to show its age.  

The service was abysmal.  Around five or six tables, two waitresses, and they still could not serve everyone.  The waitress had plenty of time to talk to friends. The waitress even had trouble with our wine and order.  We had to repeat our order several times and we were right next to the computer. 

We had, at best, warm food when it go to our table.    We asked for our appetizer first and got both entree and appetizer.  The appetizer was pipping hot and the food was warm.  Just a really bad experience all around with the slow service and sub par food.  

If you had a choice between this place and staying at home, I would save the money and hassle of eating on the strip
Folks...This is the BEST CUBAN RESTAURANT I have ever been to. I have eaten at many in Los Angeles, New York, and Miami. This one tops them all. Trust me as a person born and raised in Habana, Cuba. there ROPA VIEJA, CONGRI, LECHON ASADO CON CEBOLLAS, ARROZ CON POLLO, and FRIED PLANTAINS tops any place I have ever visited as pure, delicious and totally authentic! Run and served by pure Cubans. Please check them out. You will not be disappointed! And the funny thing.... It's in VEGAS BABY!
I remember years ago this place was pretty good.  Plenty of food, great serivce, great prices.  I came back home bragging about it and telling my bestfriend that I needed to take her there one day and try some delicious cuban food.  I was raised in Miami but unfourtunately live in Utah now so the closets thing I have to get my hands on real cuban food is Vegas.  Anyway,  I went back to this restaurant and actually brought my bestfriend with me.  I was exhausted from walking the strip(big mistake)  and we both looked exhausted.  When we arrived there,  I noticed they had a wedding going on and the staff was taking care of them. I thought it was going to be great because besided the party we were the only other customers there.  The prices went up on the menu but it didn't bother me that much because I thought the food was worth it.  Our waitress was the most HORRIBLE waitress I've ever had.   I think we had three different people taking our order and one was trying to rush us in ordering our food when we barely got the menu.  Let just say that we ordered and no one ever brought my food out.  They brought my friend's plate out but not mine and no one ever came back to check up on us.  I also ordered a mojito and our waitress was so bad that the bartender brought it to our table.  I was furious especially after I bragged about how great this place was.  My bestfriend let one of the staff member know that I never got my food..  This was one tab too. They wanted to take my order again( after I've already repeated it to the third person) and after my friend had already finished eating her food.   I told them I didn't want anything except my tab.  I didn't leave a tip and I'm one of those people that ALWAYS tips.  My father in law decided to email them about the horrible service I had and they never responded back.  Luckily, I found a way better cuban cafe( 2055 east tropicana ave) with great food, great service and great price.  I've been there now about five times and brought friends over that have loved it as well and have gone back.
i personally recomend it ,food is the delicious ,clean and affordable......very good
Delicious food, great service, good music and environment, friendly staff and very reasonable prices! And the best mojitos in town!!
It was a wonderful experience eating at this restaurant. The food was great... the churrasco steak with chimichurri sauce is highly recommended.  The service very friendly and pleasant atmosphere, tropical style.   I tried the classic mojito and  is the best mojito I ever tried in Vegas.  I think is a good place to go with family, friends or coworkers and have a good time. Check out their new menu!!!
Walking in I was surprised how slow it was on a Saturday night. We waited at the host stand for a while not even getting greeted. When we were, it was one of those "You can take a booth" while a server flew by.

 The service was slow. Our waiter took our order without writing it down.  Of course he came back with the incorrect order, and I waited till the end of the meal for the mojito I ordered finally arrived. When we got the check, about 6 employees went by with their head down. Overall it was terrible service.

The food was uninspiring as well. We went tapas style,will say the empanadas were light and tasty. The ceviche was advertised with large shrimp, and it came with tiny cocktail ones. The cubano sandwich had a weird un-flavorful hunk of pork. The croquetts  were previously frozen. I will say the orange mojito was decent and stiff.

Couple all this a dated disorganized decor, I could of skipped this one. Groupon got me again, but it is in our neighborhood and I can check if off my list.... Where not to eat.
Florida cafe has been around for more than 17yrs I must say so far is the best Cuban Restaurant in Las Vegas!!! I still remember coming as a little girl with my mom. The food reminded us of my grandma's cooking. I highly recommend it if you are looking for authentic Cuban food this is the place to be..oh and they do have the BEST Mojitos ever and the flan is exquisite!!! :)
My girlfriend took me here for my first official Cuban meal.  I've had similar Latin cuisine, but this was my first truly Cuban restaurant.  We started with the espresso. Don't let the tiny cup and baby spoon fool you, this coffee packs a big punch.  Very strong yet smooth and not bitter.  We decided in tapas and forgive me for not remembering the names of the dishes, but my descriptions should suffice.  First was chorizo with garlic and onions coverered in melted  cheese and seven with sliced buttered bread.  Immediately I fantasized about taking down this dish after a night of binge drinking.  The bread sopped up all the grease and oily goodness.  Second we had fried plantain cups filled with shrimp and topped with more cheese.  This dish which contains three of my favorite foods all in one is hands down my new favorite.  

Other than the great food, atmosphere was nice, and the small staff was friendly and personable.  Will come back again.
The food was ok,nothing special, but it was my first time having cuban food.  I actually made the trip up from the strip (Im not a local) to visit this place after seeing it while I was going to look at the Pawn Stars pawn shop.  The wait staff was pretty horrible, and after waiting 20 minutes to get my check I had to walk up and find a waitress.  The waitress also seemed pretty bothered by me asking her for the check.  Id try cuban food again, but I would not go back here.
I've only been here once and it wasn't busy so service was not a problem when I went. The food was soooo good! We had the pernil which was moist and delicious, tostones, maduras, chicken, moros y cristianos. Omg everything was awesome! I will definitely go back!
Well well.. What a nice surprise. I am actually from Florida lived there for the better part of 15 years. when I moved to Vegas I never thought I would have good Cuban food again.. Florida cafe proved me completely wrong... The food was delicious, The prices are fabulous and very affordable. The restaurant was clean. Who would have thought this little gem would lay wait for me inside a rundown Howard Johnson's.. But there it was in all its Cuban glory.  The service was So So wait staff was a little slow and there were only 3 tables. But all  and all not enough to down grade a star.   Vegas does know how to do authentic Cuban food!!!!
So I decided on a whim that I would try this place out for lunch after reviewing previous Yelpers reviews. After all...my palate, I trust!  So I drove to the Howard Johnsons and navigated the extremely narrow driveway to park in the rear.  I then sauntered into the restaurant where I was promptly and warmly greeted by a man I shall refer to as "Julio."  

Julio promptly seated me and then asked me the cursory restaurant questions and I asked that he tell me what was good for lunch.  Julio said "everything."  He then asked me about an appetizer and in typical Cuban fashion he spoke so friggin fast that all I caught was fried...potato...and beef!  So I said, "sure."

He brought the appetizer out so fast I thought he may have pulled it off another table.  It was surprisingly very good and tasty.  I'd love to tell you the proper name but again, all I heard was "fried...potato...and beef!"

The waitress came and I ordered a chicken breast marinated in citrus and garlic covered with grilled onions.  She also spoke very fast and with an accent so thick that apparently I ordered an avocado salad as well.

The food came out rather quickly and the avocado salad turned out to be a fully sliced and pitted avocado and a very small plate of greens.  The marinated chicken breast was covered with grilled onions and served with white rice and black beans.  Needless to say, the food, although not what I had expected, was actually quite delicious.

The decor was very Caribbean themed as was the music.  In a nutshell, I'd promptly go back there again just to try something else off the menu.
I was recently in Vegas visiting family and had heard about how good this restaurant was so we decided to try it.  It was very disappointing.  Mojitos were weak, service was painfully slow.  The waiter was almost nonexistent and did not even bother to come back and see how the food was.  The churrasco we ordered was definitely not churrasco, but sandwich steak.  The fries ordered were last to come out, at least ten minutes after the meal.  I would definitely not go there again.
This is a great family restaurant. We have been coming here since we discovered it many years ago. The food is authentic delicious Cuban cuisine. Nothing fancy but very good. They have both American and Cuban choices so for any Cuban American like us, it's the best. On our recent sisters/mother road trip we came in the morning. They were not open but welcomed us with warmth and Cuban humor.  We enjoyed our cafe con leche, maduros, papas rellenas and ordered croquetas since our grandmother was famous for hers. They were just as good. We recommend it
to all our friends who visit Las Vegas. It's only a short distance from the strip but worth the trip.
drove all the way from my little city to this spot just for the food.. talk about crazy good an worth it..
I found that the restaurant has really made an effort to change.  The service was fantastic.  The food was really a vast improvement.  The staff and owner acknowledged the problems.  The owner Sergio mad a huge effort to change our mind about this restaurant.  We went on a slow night so we saw the owner making improvements to the restaurant.    You should check out this historic restaurant.  You will find a cafe with a new invigorating sense of drive to serve their customers.  I would visit again, now with the food and service back up to standards.
Loved the food. Ordered the oxtails. The gravy was made perfectly the stew red beans and rice. Awesome! The guanabana juice was on point. Only reason why I didn't give all 5stars is because service was a little slow. We had to call them over when we needed help. But I would def go back. The food was on point and the establishment was really clean! Which is rare these days.
Been here several times over the years and although the food is delicious,  the service sucks. Won't be coming back again, because the service this last time was so bad. We waited 25 mins without one acknowledgment, finally he takes our drink order, didn't get any better from there. My advice,  go to Havana grill, same food, same owner, better service.
I had a Groupon for the Florida Cafe that was going to expire in a few days so I went here last night to use it and I'm glad I did.  My server was a delightful young woman but we had a bit of a language problem as you'll see during my review.

I looked over the menu and I also asked her suggestion.  She pointed to an oxtail stew that's not on their online menu.  I opted to take her advice.  

I started with their papas rellenas--mashed potatoes stuffed with picadillo beef and deep fried.  Presentation was very nice with two very thin plantain pieces deep freid and stuck in the papas.  There was also a small salad.

The menu said all dinners come with red or black beans and rice.  I specified black beans.  That was the first language mixup.  Not only did I get black beans with my meal but my server brought me an extra bowl of black beans because she thought I ordered an extra dish.  It was good so I ate both!

The oxtail stew was very flavorful.  I think some people might have thought the broth was salty, but it was just great for me.

Dessert order time.  I asked about the size of the tres leches cake tower with flan and coconut.  She assured me it wasn't that large and then she brought me the normal flan and not the tres leches cake.  Language problem number 2.

She asked if I wanted more Coke and I said, "No, iced tea."  She then brought me a Coke.  I didn't notice, but I soon had a table side science experiment.  You have no idea how Coke foams when you put artificial sweetener in it.  I managed to keep little Vesuvius from flooding the table, but I didn't drink the Coke.  Last language error.

I'm going to go back because I really like Cuban food.  I'll also make sure that what I want is a bit more explicit!
Ate there twice, both times very good and the staff was very good.  Would go back for sure.  Out of the two different meal I had , the mini Cuban sandwich was very good!  The ropa veija was ok, had better. Only went there for breakfast and lunch, did not go for the late night crowd, but did see a post on a door saying no one under 21 allowed so I am wondering what is behind that door or that section of the establishment.  Especially since the bar was up front, so I know it was not the bar section but knowing Vegas I don't think I want to know.
I went to Florida Cafe on 4/24 with a friend and we both decided that we will not be back for the food. The drinks were on point however the food was not the good. My friend had the ox tails and she said it was fork tender but had no flavor or seasoning. I had the steak and onions it was not fork tender and it had no seasoning. Do not waste your money on the food. We will not be back for the food but for the drinks.
I used to love this place, but lately the service has gotten pretty bad. The wait time just to order is like 20 minutes. And the place is usually empty so it doesn't make any sense!
a delight!

Have never had authentic Cuban food before... but then again this is my first time eating Cuban food. Came here for lunch. The host was very friendly and we were seated right away. Did not quite know what to order because I had a little difficulty understanding the menu and the waitress wasn't really helpful (language barrier). Finally ordered the Churrasco con Chimi-Churri and it didn't disappoint... I love meat and this meal was delicious. The meal included rice and some type of sauce that you spread over the rice... the value was excellent (although we used a Groupon deal). It had a large bar and also a room with a dance floor, must be fun during the evenings. I would try this place again.
The food was not memorable.  The service was lousy.  My husband and I were seated and our order was not taken for just over a half hour. We sat there and watched as other groups/individuals were seated and had their orders taken before us.  We kept trying to get our waitresses attention and had no success for quite awhile. We should have just walked out. But we stayed, eventually ordered and had an o.k. meal.
We were warmly greeted on entering and took a seat at the bar. After reviewing the menu, we ordered mojitos and the pappas rellenos con aioli appetizer (deep fried mashed potatoes stuffed picadillo beef with aioli). Our mojitos were probably the best we have ever had. The rellenos were grease free and tasty, but I would gladly trade the picadillo for more aioli. Rating assigned applies to the pappas rellenos.  

A rating of 5 for the mojitos would be appropriate.
Had to large of a group they couldn't accommodate our large amount of people .
Stopped for lunch- I love the atmosphere! Great food too.. I had the Mini Tamale and Mini Cubano --my boyfriend got the regular Cuban sandwich- it was HUGE! They are very generous with the servings. I will definitely be back! Service was great too- they always came back to check the drinks, always a plus!
Service friendly, Cuban food authentic, but not prepared to it's full potential. I'm sure they have some very cool parties going on. But for my lunch was just very average.
First off parking sucks. Restaurant wasn't too busy.  Portions are good, food is decent, service leaves a lot to be desired. Food was ready pretty quick so don't bother ordering an appetizer (ours came with the rest of dinner). We stated that we would be sharing all of our entrees with our five year old and no plate or bowl was offered or brought for him. They placed our food and practically ran away. When someone finally realized we needed something and we were able to ask for a bowl we were almost done and it still took quite some time for them to finally bring a bowl (our son had been eating off of the appetizer plate). We finished up and asked for to go boxes and the check. Got the boxes and the check no problem. But had to chase someone down with all of us packed and ready to go so that we could get out credit card back. Food was tasty but probably won't go back.
We keep coming back!  The food is fantastic and we have never had a problem with the service.  Actually, the service was phenomenal!  Drinks were refilled before they were close to empty.

We both ordered the Pernil de Cerdo Asado with a side of Platanos Maduros.  Just writing about it has be drooling!  YUM

Yes, it is inside the Howard Johnson.  Yes, the parking situation isn't the best.  And, yes, it is on the strip - but not really - way past the end.  However, for all those faults it still warrants 5 stars.  The food and service were that good.  

We can not wait to go back!
this is byfar the most authentic cuban food in las vegas i love it i must eat it at least 5 timeg a momth
Food was fantastic!  Ropa Vieja was excellent as was the Moros y cristianos. 

Service left a lot to be desired hence the 3 star. I blame management. We were being served by the bartender, who also had a table of 14!  Staff more or seat less!  Still nice server despite...
I questioned the bartender whether we could use our gift certificate for adult beverages and, if so, did she know how to make a great mojito like we had on our last trip? 

After receiving an affirmative response to both questions, we ordered a pair of world-class mojitos. For entrees we both chose arroz con pollo a la Chorrea, a classic chicken and Valencia rice dish with bell and roasted red peppers, peas and fried sweet plantains.  These dishes included a choice of beans with Ann choosing red beans and me, Cuban black beans.  There was enough food to feed a lumberjack so neither of us finished our meals.
Amazing food and drinks! They have the best Mojitos, i love how they have bigger glasses now before the Mojitos were in a tiny glass. The wait staff is always very friendly but sometimes it takes a little long to have our food come out
We had a great experience at this Cuban jewel!!! Food was great, and Service was exceptional! Our waiter was very attentive and the manager even gave us a free appetizer! Background music was spot on and made us feel so welcomed and relaxed. We can't wait to come back to celebrate our anniversary! Cuban sandwich was great, my cafe con leche y tostada delicious and even our kids were amazed by the place and delicious food! It is a must if you come to Vegas!!!
The food and atmosphere is great, the staff is nice but very slow in getting your food to you even when the place is not busy. I've eaten there many times through out the years and I just know that the food out weighs the slow service so I keep coming back.
(Let me get part of this review posted and I will update when I get home. People just need to know ASAP.  Not only am I Cuban but I live in Hialeah aka Havana del North. So, I know. If you want authentic Cuban Food while in Vegas, without having to travel to Cuba or South Florida, this is it. Only a short distance north of the busy strip. Walking distance from the Stratosphere.)

Above is my review done using my phone while still in Las Vegas. I am keeping it just the way it is. I tried other Cuban Restaurants while in Vegas, however, I was looking for something authentic. I found it here with this restaurant. I'm not saying the others I tried were bad. Just not authentic in flavor and staff. The others have been "Americanized" to satisfy the masses that are visiting town. This here restaurant, is the whole deal. I didn't go during the times their Nightclub portion was open but, just at a glance, it looks like the place to go dance. 

Please Note: During the week, their "opening time" varied just a bit. Specifically on Mondays and Tuesdays. Call beforehand to see if they are already open.

** Si va a visitar Las Vegas y son cubanos en necesidad de su revisión diaria de comida cubana, este es el lugar. Lo mismo aplica para los que quieran probar comida cubana auténtica. Probé más de un restaurante cubano en Las Vegas, este es el mejor y verdaderamente auténtico hasta el último detalle. Prueben el café.
Am dying to try this place after reading the reviews. I'm 3rd-gen Cuban & also curious---has anyone checked out the live music here? Is it authentic Cuban music, and if so, when does it happen? Thanks!
Great Place, great food. Very Authentic. The place is clean and theres plenty of parking in the back. The owner is friendly and accommodating. I will continue to go back whenever im in LV.
Empanadas aren't pie based. They give 2 medium size meatballs on the TAPAS section of menu.
I love this place, great food, (especially the steak) great service, a great cuban environment, every time I come here I feel like I'm in a little slice of Havana, and the music makes me want to dance, they have a full bar as well, I recommend this place to anyone that loves traditional Cuban style and flavor!!!
The food here is fantastic!! A hidden gem in Las Vegas. Everyone should eat here, and have a mojito while you're at it! If you're tired of the "usual", eat some Cuban food, DELICIOUS!
As I sit here at the restaurant, I am disappointed to say that the quality has gone down. We go to Florida cafe everytime we visit Vegas, Usually 2-3 times a year.   The Cuban sandwich and bistec sandwich are good. Very disappointed in the pollo a la plancha. The chicken was dry wasn't as flavorful as it used to be. Service was terrible. It took 15-20 minutes just to get our drinks ordered. Getting a refill was also a pain. She checked on us once, after our drinks mand that was the last time we saw our waitress until about 20 minutes later when I got up and walked to the bar to ask or more sprite and Pepsi.  The place wasn't vey busy. Our waitress began cleaning tables before checking in how we were doing. We used to look forward to eating at this establishment when we go to Vegas. Not sure of that's gonna happen any more. Not sure if their was a change in ownership or what the reason was.
This is probably the O.G. of Cuban restaurants in Vegas. Not the best Cuban food you can get, but it will hit the spot if your craving Agua De Coco, Tostones, or Arroz con Frijoles Negro. 
The service is great if your Cuban or a regular, and it is just so-so if you're anyone else. 
The waitress had her hips showing, and I thought that was classless. She also refused to make eye contact with me when I needed something. (she wasn't MY server, but it was clear I was in need) 
The location, music, and décor is exactly what it should be. Maybe a little run down and some new booths are in order, but overall not a disappointment.
I have had Cubans cook me authentic food, and this is pretty close, just made in abundance. They do cook your food to order of course, but they use cheaper ingredients and it leaves you wanting a touch more of something. Not sure what, but it ALMOST hits the spot. 
They have been around for years, I would not suggest changing the menu, but simply upgrading a few things. Maybe have a specialty of the week or a secret menu. 
This is a solid average 3 star place. Nothing super amazing, but nothing truly lacking. 
They also offer live salsa music twice a week. 
I am sure the tourist keep them in business, but the regulars are the same people year after year. Places like that always have a home in Vegas in my opinion.
Best food I have ever tried!! Will definitely try again when I come back to vegas. Customer service  and food is excellent! AAA+
I can't believe all of the poor reviews on here. The food is wonderful!  I was slightly apprehensive due to the location, but the entire experience and meal from start to finish was perfect. The greeting at the door, appetizers, main course, dessert, coffee, service, accommodating my picky husband....everything.
On entering, I asked the bartender if we could use our restaurant.com certificate for mojitos and was told no though we were allowed to in the past.  Not a problem, I pocketed the certificate and ordered a pair of mojitos.  These drinks suffered from too little mint and an overabundance of club soda.
I love this place and it has had a special place in my heart for a very long time. I first came here when I lived in Vegas back in 06 after going to Miami and having some awesome Cuban food and coming home craving more. I would go to Florida Cafe once a week until I moved back to Portland in 08. Every time I visit Vegas I have to go back, and I bring everyone who is with me lol. My fave is the pollo a la plancha with black beans.  I hate a yummy skirt steak dish though this time at the recommendation of my waitress.... and oh how good it was. My BF and his brother ordered my usual and we're blown away at how fresh and yummy it was(it was the first time for them). My girlfriend ordered her usual Cuban sandwich and was happy as always.  I also ordered the side of sweet fried plantains and a coconut water.  Every thing was devoured, no take home boxes needed and all for $57! Oh yeah the complimentary bread you get before your meal is crazy good too. Man I want to fly back today just to eat at this yummy little gem. Don't be scared away by the fact that it is in the lobby of the Ho Jo hotel just try it. And if your feeling a little crazy you can go across the lobby to the little white chapel chapels to tie the knot! Lol
My Cuban hubby ordered Ropa Viejo (my personal fave!), with yucca on side, which he said was pretty good, tho the beef was a bit heavy on the tomato sauce, while I ordered a Cuban Sandwich, with maduros on side. The maduros, which I had been looking for ward to, were NOT sweet at all, as they should have been. He had a mamey shake, which he said was excellent, & I splurged calories on a chocolate shake. Shakes are fantastic! Made w/ milk & ice cream. Soo good! The service was very, very good! A nice evening, decent food, but too expensive! This is all we ordered, and the bill for the 2 of us, came to $49.16. WAY TOO MUCH!!!
Came for an authentic Cuban experience. The food was bland, fried with minimal sauce. The staff was friendly and the mojito gave me a quick buzz, but I would not return.
Being from Orlando, a cuban breakfast is easy to come by, so when I came here on vacation I searched for one and was excited to find florida cafe. We ordered the cuban toast and cafe con leche with sides of eggs, and it is the perfect.breakfast. the service is a little inconsistent, sometimes we are charged for refills, sometimes we arent, but besides that they never disappoint!
This place is one of the best non-Mexican Latin restaurants in Vegas. This place is small and cozy and the food is always fresh, cooked to order and most of the time done in a timely order. For starters the cafe con Leche is amazing, paired with the Cuban toast makes it even better. The rice and beans are always fresh and the spices are seasoned to perfection. I highly recommend this place for breakfast lunch or dinner. They have a full service bar, live music on the weekends. They also have a second location called Havana grill but I haven't been there yet.
Visiting from Hawaii.

Nothing super fancy, but the food was better than anticipated (based in previous reviews) and the service was very attentive. 

We ordered the variety appetizer, which was amazing! It arrived with two ham/pork and cheese type sandwiches, fried bananas, sirloin steak, skirt steak and Moros y cristianos. My husband and I enjoyed all the flavors though we had to do take-out because we were so stuffed. 

We would definitely return to this restaurant.
Great Cuban coffee. Great place for a casual summer breakfast. Cuban feel and good solid Cuban food. Cool laid back ambience.
I've been here years ago, but for some reason haven't been back. 

A few friends suggested coming here as they haven't been in a long time as well and a few in our party never been. 

We shared appetizers of - 

Jamon Croquettas - so think of if ham were fish sticks, then that would be this. Interesting, but I wouldn't get it again. 

Chicarones - these were served warm and were nicely crunchy. Solid chicaron. 

And they serve you white bread rolls slathered in butter. 

The BF and I shared - 

Cuban Sandwich with fries - This was a decent sandwich, but not the best I've had. Get it with the plaintain chips if you're into them as someone in our party got those and I thought that was better as the fries are standard. 

Pernil de Cerdo Asado - the pork was pretty tender and the red beans were pretty good. I feel it was missing something like a sauce though. I order something similar in LA and it's in a mojo sauce and I could have sworn eons ago when I was here last my meat was more citrusy. 

Service was just OK. Sometimes it seemed like they didn't really care and seemed to mishear us a lot. "Okay, french fries" "No, chicarones." "Oh okay". "Chuletas de Cerdo" "No, Pernil de Cerdo" "Oh'. Someone got black beans instead of what they actually ordered. 

It's a unique place with some charm. I feel it was slightly better years ago when we used to go. I remember really loving the pork back then, but I didn't feel the love as much now. I would probably eat here again when there is a hankering, but it sits right in the middle of the road for me.
We went here around the holidays last year. I am very familiar with Cuban food and this place is mediocre, to put it kindly. They would not survive in Miami. Visit there and you'll see. 

For starters, they use low quality ingredients yet charge full price. The steak that we ordered did not even have grill marks and the fillet was very skinny. One could find a similar quality steak in a Mexican restaurant for 1/4 to 1/3 off and they'll stuff you with fixings (e.g. chips and salsa), which compensates. 

I ordered a salad and all of the greens were iceberg lettuce and it was very pale, almost white. They could have thrown in a few pieces of romaine, butter and/or green leaf lettuce(s) to add some life and color. I'm not asking for escarole or French leafy greens. Even buffets do better for less. What I paid for was mainly the meat in my salad. That's so disappointing because even my homemade salads are better than this. 

Though I don't eat bread, my relative told me that it tasted okay, but she's had better. She had to ask for real butter because they gave her margarine. The waitress stated that it was butter, but my relative explained the difference between margarine and butter in Spanish. That's when she got the point. The meat and accompanying sauce was very flavorful. That's why I didn't give them 1 star. 

I get the sense that they nickel and dime everything because they're on Las Vegas Blvd. Technically, the Strip has not yet begun in this location because it is still considered a part of Downtown. This only means that the badlands are only a few blocks away. If drive around at night, you'll see what I mean. Location is everything.

The service was okay, but the waitress tried to overcharge us (not a lot of money); so not cool.
I went to this place just to try something new, we'll let me tell you the food is average and in my opinion bland, when I ask for hot sauce they almost fainted and god forbid that you ask for a refill on your water that puts them over the edge!!! 
I will go back just to see if they can make it better......... We'll see!!
Food was great. ...excellent customer service. . We went during world cup finals,  great environment. .. food was served quickly,  decent price,  casual environment. . We will go back next time in vegas.
Boy, this place really knows how to do things right.  Univision on the TV, hot crusty bread for free when you sit down, and some really nice "vegan" options like avocado salad ($3, a whole avocado sliced up with oil and sliced onions) moros y cristianos ($3, rice and beans, watch out for chicken pieces) and some platanos ($2.75, delicious).   They have hot sauce on the tables and a really nice lady is always apologizing and asking after you.  This is a nice place to go eat some DINNER!!!!  VIVA LAS VEGAS!!
Set along the decaying ruins of Las Vegas Boulevard South, Rincon Criollo is a true departure from the glitter and gulch of Vegas. There seems to be something of theme developed along LVBS, with a Salvadorian and another Cuban restaurant in proximity to each other. This one is set in a bland storefront, but once inside the atmosphere feels more Havanian than anything else. The food is simple and spicy and delectable: hot crusty bread and butter, as mentioned in another review, spicy chorizo, steaming rice and beans, chicken that cleaves to the bone, yuca and plantains and pressed cuban sandwiches. The staff seems to be all Cuban, and prepare everything in big pots in the back kitchen. They treat you with genuine hospitality, and aren't particularly concerned with turning the table and running up the tab. Sit there as long as you like and peer through the dusty storefront windows at the sunburnt downtown avenues. It is probably impossible to stay or visit downtown, see the humble immigrant businesses and the few tawdry titty bars set along a background of near shantytowns, and not question how so much glamour and wealth could neighbor such impoverishment. 

In any case, turning back to the Rincon interior you'll find one whole wall engulfed by an aging aerial photo of Havana. The picture displays the Malecon sea wall as it weaves along the waterfront. The water is that tepid blue that suggests a photograph from the sixties or seventies. We ate under its shadow and thoroughly enjoyed what might be characterized as a repast, under the watchful eye of our waitress, who bore a helpful smile our entire meal. After we'd finished, we walked back out into the hot Vegas sun and stood along the unforgiving pavement for a few minutes, soaking in the strangely charmless vista of Old Vegas. Strange place for a Cuban restaurant, but in its oddly dislocated way it seemed to fit right in.
Rincon Criollo is a gem of a Cuban Restaurant in the downtown area, located next to a tattoo parlor on Las Vegas Blvd.  It's a small family place with excellent food and fast, friendly service.  I've eaten there several times and had several different dishes and I have enjoyed every one.  The Plantains are a must have starter and my friends and I are working our way through the entrees.
From the bright lights of the strip and fancy schmanzy restaurants and bar, this place is the complete opposite!!   I first encountered this place in 2002 with by boyfriend.  Always in search of the most authentic cuban food we can find, we found this gem while searching for the Floridita restaurant (which by the way...so boring for your fabulous tastebuds).   

From the moment you walk in to this not so luxurious storefront, the aroma of black beans and other fantastic  foods hits you like a brick wall and you think - can this place really smell this good? I hope the food tastes as good as it smells.  AND IT DOES.  I have been  loyal fan to this restaurant for  years and everytime I am in Vegas (3-4 times a year) I have lunch or dinner with Mama.  That is the lady always watching futbol on the tv or watching the novelas.  When she is cookiing your food, you know that it is good. 

The prices are beyond reasonable and the service is great.  They are always ready to please and soooo nice.  I have yet to find a cuban restaurant in L.A. that lives up to the standard of Rincon Criollo.  Try their puerco frito and just bask in the flavor.  It is not overcooked and it is seasoned to perfection.  So, if you re in vegas and want to try some authentic cuban food, don't be afraid to walk in to this place and enjoy a truly delicious cuban cuisine without the fanfare.
LOVE THIS PLACE!  For us this is a must everytime we are in Vegas (last trip we made two stops!)  Its at the very beginning of the strip even past Stratosphere, so I would suggest you drive there.  You don't get a lot of tourists in here, mostly just locals looking for authentic Cuban food - which is another reason why we love this place.  The quintessential hole in the wall with really good food!  

The Cuban Steak is very tasty.  You can't go wrong with the Lechon.  And the Black Beans and Rice are the perfect match for a full and hearty meal.  Check out the daily lunch specials as well.
This is one of my fav places in Vegas.  Things I love about it include:

1) The food - especially the breaded Cuban steak
2) It's between a tattoo parlor, a tailor and an adult bookstore.  Talk about one-stop shopping!!!
3) The service is friendly and helpful
4) It's cheap!!!
5) The food - love the avocado salad and the bread!
6) There's some sort of old run-down strip club down the street.
7) Did I mention the food?  Love all the daily specials.
8) Plentiful parking
9) Best Cuban food I've had north of Miami - definitely better than any of the 8 or 9 Cuban spots I've been to in New York
Have been back a couple times since last review.  I am tempted to up my rating to 5 stars.  Food is that good.  

Maybe I'm going crazy but it seems like they might have raised their prices a little bit.  I feel like everything used to be $6 or $7 and now it's $8 or $9.

Whatever, it's still totally worth it.  

Same awesome waitress with awesome grill.  

Prices may have gone up but food hasn't changed at all.

4.5 stars
This was my favorite place when I lived in Vegas. Good beef dishes. A consistent kitchen preparing time-honored recipes. Sabado Gigante on the TV renders it somehow más auténtico.
This is a perfect mom & pop style Cuban restaurant. I'm from Miami and married an Cuban so I know my Cuban food. Their food is just as good if not better than what I am used to in Miami.
I definitely would say try this place, but as for 5 stars, guess I'm a bit of a conservative Cubana. I am Cuban, and learned how to cook at the ripe age of 9, I will be 44 this July and it still is a passion. The passion of Cuban cooking comes from so many different aspects, first, the culture, the value of family, tradition, smells, flavors, colors, presentation and appreciation. 

One thing I have learned from cooking is if your heart is not in it, the flavor and the love in your food will be nonexistent! So....when I try Cuban food that is not mine or my families, I am a bit of a snob. But, this charming little hole in the wall, I felt the passion upon entering the place. The lady "Tati" who answered the phone and aided me with driving directions, was very welcoming, hospitable and anxious for us to sit and grub. 

I ordered the Ensalada de Aguacates (avocados, onions, vinegar and salt), tostones (crispy fried plantains), and the Boliche (Cuban-style pot roast stuffed with Spanish Chorizo), of course I have to order a Malta (malt beverage-ice cold). 

The appetizers were right on, perfect, the Boliche however, lacked the Spanish chorizo, the meat was tender tasty and presented well as were the accompanying black beans and white rice. But, honestly, my beans are better as is my black beans. I have often urged my sister to help me start a catering business or better yet, help me open a Cuban cafe, but in San Francisco, CA., I am not sure it would take off, people in California are much more partial to Mexican food. 

We did return the next day for lunch, my friend ordered the same thing she had the night before "Camarones Enchilados", which is sauteed prawns in tomato sauce, garlic, cumin, wine, onions and peppers served over white rice and black beans. She LOVED it so much and I was thinking the entire time, she would flip if she had mine! I ordered the steak sandwich and I was shocked when the sandwich arrived with lettuce and tomatoes??????????!!!!! Cuban sandwiches are forbidden to have lettuce and tomatoes...LOL! Anyways I removed it and had my sandwich, the meat was a little fatty, which is a No NO for Cuban sandwiches.....again we ordered tostones and avocado salad, this time the tostones must have been made by someone else they just weren't the same. 

But, it felt good to be around my own environment, my culture, my food and the staff here is excellent! They want to please and they want you to eat it all, which is very Cuban by the way, I give them a 4 stars, and I would go back, especially if I ever come to Vegas again, since I cannot cook while I am away from home, this is a life saver for someone craving some good Qooban food.
We were on a girls trip to Vegas and on our last day, we wanted something new, affordable, and yummy of course! We went on good ol Yelp in search for Cuban food because someone suggested it & this place came up. Based on the good reviews, we unanimously (surprisingly enough) decided to go here.

The place was super easy to find and it's on the right of LVB if you're heading north to downtown. Man it's hot in Vegas at this time! Anyway, we parked in the back and went to the front to enter. There was no one there except for the owners who were watching an Angels game (Dodgers must not have been playing =). The man moved a table in place to make room for us and at this time, we were thinking that this place might be a dump!

Boy were we wrong!!! I'm a huge fan of mom & pop places but since no one was there I thought oh no. But as soon as we got there, they totally make you feel welcomed and the waitress was smiling all the time. We asked what she recommends and she said the arroz con pollo is good. One of us got it and the rest of us got different things. I ordered the pollo criollo which was chicken pieces sauteed with onions, garlic, and tomatoes. I enjoyed it very much and I had the rice and beans mixed together which I always get in Cuban restos. My friends and I enjoyed the food a lot and I know I will definitely come back here again!
random confession #58239:  I daydream about their ropa vieja.
This was a good, cheap ethnic restaurant, off the beaten track.  It's a few minutes north of Sahara on the Strip.  You know it's pretty good because locals eat there.  There is not a lot of seating, but we managed to snag a table right away at 1:30.  

I liked my chicken dish, and my husband had the steak.  Very basic but tasty.  Not sure how authentic, but the owners are Cuban, so I'm sure it was pretty authentic.  The steak was very nicely marinated, tasty like the Mexican carne asada but a different flavor.  The chicken special (they have specials for each day of the week) had crispy, tasty strips of chicken, grilled peppers, and rice.  The avocado salad was good, but so simple that you could probably make it at home.  I wish I had tried the fried plantains - will do next time.  

It was very reasonable, and totaled about $30 for two people.
Decided to get some lunch before meeting the Yelpalicious people.

This seemed interesting and walking in it was very much a hole in the wall family place. I came in with a few patrons already there (seemed all to know the staff) and part of the staff was sitting and watching a telenovela. It's just a very simple of a place and random, like there is a turtle in a tank on the counter.

I ordered a Inka Cola which kinda taste like a more cotton candy tasting cream soda. I rarely drink soda, but felt like a bit of nostalgia from the days my mom would buy Latin sodas for my abuelo. 

To eat I got their puerco pierna asado, cuban roast pork leg, which came with rice and black beans and two nicely toasted and hot french bread slices with butter. The pork was delicious- juicy, nicely spiced with some oregano, garlic, I think it might be cloves and some lime. Thin slices of onion on top just help it to be even better. It is very simple and may not be the most "big" flavors in terms of the other things on the menu, but it's something that is comforting and a way I like to judge cuban places. Subtle and simple things are sometimes the hardest to make because it's hard to dress it up, but a fine line of where it needs to be. I kept on happily eating since it was hitting that comfort spot that good homey foods make you feel.  

I like that the staff was just sitting and watching and you hear their big, boisterous laughter at whats on TV. It might irritate wound up people but to me it's like you're in their home so they are just going to be themselves and I like that unpretentious feel. It didn't make me feel weird to join them and laugh at the shenanigans on the show too. 

The way staff talk to each other and to customers and how they care on their customers, it's like you're at your Tias house being showered with their cooking and doting on you. I like that home feel and the pork was right on. I'm coming back and this time I want to bring some friends. There's so much I want to try and the portions are generous, the price is right, so I'm hoping to coax them to share a few things. Maybe this will be the First Friday meal spot ritual.
i come here all the time because  i love cuban food!    (i'm from miami)  i love cuban food it's my favorite food. i don't know about the florida cafe i ate there once it was good but both restaurants are not as  as good as the ones in miami. the things i don't like about this restaurant is that they are  very cheap  and inconsistent .
They've got an interesting menu.  The tamale was decent and I didn't have time to experience much as I had a wedding to attend next door at the chapel but I would go back if in the neighborhood.  Definitely some locals hanging out and dining which is always a good sign.
food is great 
loud tv is terrible ????
I loved my PICADILLO
My GF did NOT really enjoy her Pollo Country style dish.
We both loved the plantins maduros?
And the rice and beans NICE
We also loved the YUCCA and the magic garlic sauce it came with....
If the TV is on loud.....LEAVE, the old lady will NOT lower it.
You might be lucky, and HER show might not be on???
good luck...
Luv Cuba
Best Cuban food in Sin City... any better and you'll hafta travel to 'La Saguecera' (the predominantly Cuban section of Miami-Dade County, Florida - a Cubanized 'corruption' of 'southwest').

You can never go wrong with their Sandwich Cubano, moros y cristianos (black beans and rice) and other popular Cuban meals. Service is excellent (even more so if you speak Spanish!) though the 'Naked City' location north of the Strip can be very sketchy, especially at night.
I'm originally from Miami & this was the closest I found in Vegas to REAL Cuban food! there's a place down the street from this one, I think it's called Cuban Cafe.. that place was just pitiful!
We had dinner here on a Saturday night. It wasn't busy so we got fantastic service.

We ordered the Arroz con Pollo and Bistec Criollo. I can't emphasize enough how delicious and satisfying the food was. 

If you come here and try their food, you will LOVE IT.
Good meal, the waitress was really helpful in helping me figure out what to order.  I'll be honest, my favorite things about the meal were the black beans and the bread they brought to the table, both were amazing.  It's in a tricky part of town, so I recommend going during the daylight hours unless you're ok with it.  This is a true family joint, as in the whole family is there running it and watching over things.  On the whole, I will probably go back again sometime to try more things.
Hated it! Tried the Cuban sandwich and the pork was very dry.
Had vaca frita and bistec de poll and was really good. Live in Vegas so this is new place to eat for us.
We were the only ones in there on a sunday afternoon which I thought was weird after my friend raved about this place. Our food came out so fast that they would not even have had time to microwave it and put it on a plate so I know everything was pre-made. Food tasted alright just tons of bones in the chicken and the fried pork was so hard I almost chipped my tooth. Is this how you cubans prefer it? 

Parking lot is around back. Absolutely ensure that you lock your car and DO NOT walk alone in this immediate area. 

I would go back but I would try to order something on the menu that they hopefully will make fresh. I gave them three stars for being very friendly, being bilingual, and for not giving me food poisoning.
Excellent food with great recommendations from the owner herself. Great authentic food really close to the strip. They take care of you, treat you very nicely. A bit off the strip so the food is better and people are civil. Definitely recommend for some authentic eats in Vegas.
ive only had the bistec de puerco but it was so good. rice and beean, good. plantanos, good. everything that anyone that ive gone with has been good. i would go here all the time if it was closer to my house.
MUY BUENO! Its a mom and pop place on the strip of LasVegas but further down so its best to get there by car and/or taxi, and I am so glad we went. The food was great and more traditional cuban that I have had in a long time. I know how to communicate some in Spanish so I was able to ask for some clarity on things, but their menu is in English/Spanish so dont be alarmed you can figure it all out. Just read the menu. Good variety of choices from yucca, to simple arros con pollo, chicken and rice, or if your a meat and potatoes kind of person there is something for you too or if you want to go a lil experimental you can go that route as well. The platanos (plantains) are awesome and they give you a good serving size. I plan on going back.
Came here from LA for a day, and having had amazing food at my own mom'n'pop Cuban food spot at El Criollo and Havana Manía (shameless plugs for you Vegas peeps visiting the LA area), other than my abuela's house (que en paz descanse), I came here armed with great reviews from local folks (yeah, you guys!) and naturally high expectations... Aaaand left a tad disappointed. The only thing fresh we received was the bread (oh, soo good), the maduros, the guanabana shakes and the avocado salad. Our main course came so fast out of the kitchen after we sat down and ordered, we were amazed... Until I stuck my fork into my chicken fricasé (spoiler alert: when I get it at my local spot, the meat is falls-off-the-bone delish!), not only did it not budge off the bone, it tasted like it had been re-heated, and parts of it had the texture of jerky. Not a sign of freshness. Lord knows I've cooked and reheated enough leftover meals in my day to know what happens to chicken when reheated in the microwave. My mom's meal, though it was very tasty, the one bite I had was less than lukewarm. All of these elements going downhill were disappointing, because of our waitress being so friendly and welcoming that it felt like I was coming to my family's house to eat. Though everything else was great, the two stars are strictly based on the main course.
I've never seen other customers eating here but I'm not sure why - the food is delicious!  Good home cooked Cuban food, nothing fancy.  Looks like a family business and everything is cooked fresh when you order it.  In a rough part of town but I didn't feel unsafe parking my car.  Canned soda.
I took a friend that grew up in Miami there last weekend.  She loved it, said it reminded her of home.  She said the Cuban bread was just French bread and not the real thing.  The beans and rice were delicious as were the maduros but they were a little too greasy for my liking.  I soaked off the grease with my napkin.  The atmosphere was lacking, it did feel like I was in someone's house and intruding at times.  The TV was so loud it was ridiculous.  Is this a restaurant or what?  The server was horrible.  She was eating while we were eating and never came up to ask us if we needed anything.  I felt myself staring her down to try and get her attention to order a beverage and more napkins.  It felt a little dirty in there too, I understand it's older and outdated but it can still use a good cleaning.  
The food was mediocre, I'd probably go again because there aren't many Cuban restaruants but I'll probably order to-go and I'll know what to expect, for the price, it's good.
Oh by the way....you can't charge the tip...they only take cash!  She was lucky I had cash on me or she wasn't going to get a tip, not that she deserved one anyway.
Don't ever judge a book by its cover. This little hole in the wall joint on a shady looking lot offers the best Cuban food I've ever tasted. 
Prices are reasonable, the staff is reasonably friendly and the service is prompt. I went in for lunch to try them out and see if they were worth while. I ordered the Bistec Criollo, which was diced steak with chopped vegetables. The portions were quite generous, and left me thoroughly stuffed. The entree came with white rice, a delectable black bean soup, and some tasty bread rolls. The meat was juicy and plentiful and the seasoning was delightful. I strongly recommend this mom 'n pop joint to anyone who is located on Las Vegas blvd who is craving authentic cuban cuisine.
When you use your AMEX credit card, they make you pay the tip by cash so that the owners doesn't have to pay AMEX the fee. Not legal to force a customer to pay the tip in cash and not put it on your credit card.

The Cuban sandwich was not the traditional sandwich. It was skimpy and the pork was not of a pernil style. When I ordered the plantains, I only got 4 plantains and for the price, it wasn't worth paying for it.
Awesome Food, a group of 4 of us went in for the first time and they treated us like family.
Best Cuban food in Vegas. Period.
Alot of reviews say that this place is in "the scary part of town", but I didn't think it was that scary... Don't let these "warnings" deter you from trying this place, because you will be missing out.
I would HIGHLY recommend either of the Criollos. I had the Pollo Criollo (Chicken Cuban Country Style) and it was SO freaking good. The rice they serve with it is SUPERB as well. They offer a beef version too which I imagine will be amazing.
Also would recommend the Platanos Maduros (side dish). 
Tried the Ropa Vieja (Shredded Beef) and the Pan Con Chorizo (Chorizo and Cheese panini-type) which were both really good as well. I dont think you can really go wrong with anything you try.
A few tips:
1. Make sure you have some cash for tip. Even if you pay with a credit card, they request a cash tip.
2. There's a small parking lot behind the restaurant, which you can access next to the tattoo shop next door.
Not too long ago, I was skimming a book  my sister had lying around the house. It was a satirical hipster book. One of the points listed was how a place loses credibility once it is infiltrated by too many people that are not of that ethnicity. Not at Rincon Criollo because it was obvious that this Asian and his Caucasian friends were the only minorities in this joint. 

The waitress did not make any comments or give us odd glances, but the patrons looked over to us a few times. It was all cool once we started chowing down. I had ordered the Arroz Con Pollo ($10.50 regular and $8.50 on Sundays). The rice is probably the most flavorful and delicious I have had anywhere. The chicken came in large pieces, but was dry. I ended up stealing components of my friends dish to make the perfect dish. The black beans are also a must. The plantains ($3.50) were good, but not as soft as I normally like them. The portions are generous and the food comes out quick.

The service is homely. Our waitress put us at ease and took care of us like we were a guest in her house.
This is a tougher review for me. Having spent a year in Cuba and being a picky eater to boot. The portions are good and plenty. It's definitely authentic. Just like how some people don't like seafood my tasted buds don't like dark meat chicken and when you order the pollo dishes you get mixed meat.
Food='s authentic
Service='s decent
Prices='s good for what you get
Cleanliness= inside clean outside wear your hazmat suit
We found this little gem on line when prepping for our first visit to Las Vegas.  We love discover the little places with low crowds, authentic ethnic foods.  We were completely thrilled with the amazing food here.  No frills atmosphere, but it was delightful to hear the rapid fire Spanish being spoken by the staff, and the Cuban music in the background, with the Latin TV going.  They were so polite and friendly.  I had the ropa vieja - excellent!  And oh, how I loved the cafe solo.  We're heading back to Vegas soon and already have Rincon Criollo on our itinerary.
The best Cuban food you can get in this town. Very home style. The chicken tends to be a little dry at times but over all the food is good. Their Black bean stew or habichuelas guisado (IS NOT A SOUP Mark W.) is delish and their yucca mojo is yummy.
Rincon Criollo was decent.  It's located in the north side of Las Vegas (downtown) past all the casinos.  It's pretty far if you don't have a car to get there.  It's not the "Strip" that's for sure.  

I went here with 7 of my friends before heading back to LA.  It was Sunday afternoon and it was dead quiet.  The service was great.... we were the only ones eating here so I expected nothing less.  I had the arroz con pollo which was good.  It didn't blow my mind but it was tasty and hit the spot.

I also had the Cuban empanada which was micorwaved warmed and bland.  It was still cold in the center so I had them re warm it for me ...... Terrible...... It probably tasted great when they made it whenever they did.

Being the sharer I am, I tried all my friends dishes and nothing was exceptional.  The cuban sandwhich was probably the best thing they had there.  It was perfect.  Perfectly crisp, the right amount of cheese and meat..... yummmm.

What I didn't like was this one fish dish in red sause?  The fish was salted which wasn't mentioned in the description.  It was very very very very very salted.  Don't get that when you see it on the menue.

Overall, this place was okay, nothing special.  I wouldn't make my way up here again to try this place.  Maybe if I was in the area.
The food is 4 star all the way.  The place is in serious need of some cleaning so I took away a star.
Located on Las Vegas Blvd near Charleston. In the grungy area so usually do it in the day and it's not good for big parties as the dining room is really small.

This is a follow up review and I Love this place. 

But I'm not over selling it and dont expect a fancy looking decor and designer napkins - it's not gonna happen. The waitress and t.v. are set for spanish...cuban style so be ready.

Lunch pollo criollo , black beans, avacado salad and iron beer.  All we're bangin my drums and made it a better day :)

Fast service  and like eating at a relatives and all really good.

Been eating here for along time.
One of the best (if not the best) places to eat authentic Cuban food in Vegas.  

As others have noted, it's in a sketchy area; the parking lot is sketchy, and the building and restaurant itself are a bit run down.  This is not a fancy place by any means.  

That being said, the food and service are amazing!  It almost feels like you're at a relatives house for lunch, with the TV blaring in Spanish.  I had the ropa vieja, which was delicious and dare I say, better than at the Florida Cafe.  

Will the restaurant win three Michelin stars anytime soon?  No, but it's just a different frame of reference.  The food is authentic, reasonably priced, and good.  The ambiance is welcoming, and the service is great, which is enough for me.
As I came into this quaint little place with a loud soap opera tv show being played in the background, the fresh and wonderful smell of a hot cup of Cuban coffee brewing and an old lady that looks alot like my grandma in bedroom slippers sweeping the floor, I knew right then that I came into a gloriously authentic Cuban hole-in-the-wall in the midst of all the noise and hype of the usual Las Vegas. All men and women must try this little piece of HONEST and downright DELICIOUS rustic cuban cuisine.

As I ordered my food, I realize that I am still in shock..Am I in Miami?... Nah,not even..Almost felt like I was in a Cuban city rather, before food rations and lack of resources were constant in the country, of course. Which is a shame, by the way, because Cuban cuisine is one of the most flavorful and tastiest kind of food that you will ever eat!!

They brewed my cafe con' leche (coffee with milk) just as I liked it, as my own mother used to make it, with extra sugar too as ordered! Thick, sweet and very satisfying. As you are reading this review, you are now obligated to try the Cafe con Leche, extra sweet, just for me. You will not regret it either!! 

The Pollo Fricasse was very generous and tasty; tender and moist chicken breast with chunks of seasoned potatoes and spanish olives in a red, zesty stew. Goes great with some creamy black beans and white rice. I ordered some fresh avocado with marinated onions ('mojo' or 'mojo de cebolla';not listed on the menu, you just gotta ask for it, it's a cuban thang) on the side to compliment the already-rich taste of everything that I was delightfully shoving into my mouth!! I also ordered a pineapple soda (Jupiña) with my meal, a common fizzy drink in Miami that is by far the best pineapple soda I ever tried..EVER. 

Next time you make a trip to the big ol' Las Vegas, avoid those overtly expensive and gawdy restaraunts for once and give this rustic gem a try. 'Florida Cafe' and all the other more hyped and obnoxious so called 'cuban' or carribean joints in LV and The Strip have nothing on what is truly honest, humble and simply good grub ESTILO CUBANO!!
I LOVE this place. This is the best place to get authentic cuban food in Las Vegas. Actually, I would go as far to say that I like this place better than any other cuban food place I have been to-- and that's alot. My step-dad who raised me, was half cuban, so I am familiar with the real deal. 

Do not pass the opportunity to truly enjoy a hole in the wall cuban place run by a REAL Family. I crave this place every week. I am seriously contemplating flying from la to vegas just to eat here.
Good food, surley staff.

Agree with the loud soap opera, but it adds to the experience.

Entree was great, beans and rice not so much.

A little pricy for what they are serving, and don't bother asking about vegetables.

Fried plantains where out of this world, although you might have better ambiance eating in your car.
Was really good food. Nice authentic feel to the place - felt like I was overseas in Cuba eating.  I will definitely go back there to try more dishes :)
My wife has been craving Cuban food ever since we moved from south Florida to Las Vegas. We came to this place solely off of the yelp reviews. We were NOT disappointed. 

Pros:
Food was GREAT. We had no complaints about that.
Our waitress was nice and we didn't have to wait around for anything.
No fountain drinks (Most Americans are fat enough as it is).
Average prices

Cons:
Location. Very sketchy once the sun goes down. If you have a cc permit, it's a good place to use it. 

I'm not a germ freak but I know what's used to clean the tables. Our water glasses were sitting upside down on the table when we walked in. I wouldn't put my lips on the table, so why would I want to drink from an item that has been hanging out on one

Besides that SMALL personal nitpick, we WILL be back for sure. Loved the cubano sandwich! I've already recommended the place to a coworker.
Warning:  If you are a prissy, high-maintenance individual, you won't appreciate this place.  This mom & pop style restaurant is as real & homely as it can get!  Imagine yourself in the dining room with your uncle watching baseball on the television.  

The waitress, I'm assuming, is also one of the cooks;  as she is constantly on her feet waiting on customers, helping in the kitchen, and busing the tables.  She is hospitable and patient enough to listen to my Spanish when taking my order.  

The food is undeniably delectable to the point where I have to roll myself out of the door.  I can't stop myself from licking the plate even when I have warned myself that I cannot eat anymore.  I always order the oxtail, but if that's not your cup of tea, try the special of the day.  I encourage you to order items you rarely see on an everyday menu such as the garlic yucca and sweet plantains, of course!
It was a really nice place to stop. It felt like home. We have never tried Cuban restaurant, and this place opened a new world to us. So bad we don't have anything near to that at where we live. 
We can before closing, while the family who owns the place were having a dinner. We were welcomed like as we would have been a part of that family. All food was exceptional and tasty. 
Normally, we don't go to expensive places because of their luck of personality, and even in LV where you have a variety of well-known restaurants and buffets, we believe we made a right call. We'll be the first stop at our next trip to Vegas.
Wonderful place. Our group of 11 was greeted warmly and served promptly. Our waitress made excellent recommendations for those in our group that had not had Cuban food before. Everything was delicious. Large portions. Every one said the chicken was cooked perfectly. My cod fish was a bit salty. That was the only knock. Definitely get the red beans. They are worth the extra buck.
beverages were good, food was ice cold, service was blehh. server never came back with change and we only gave her twenties.. walked out yelling, "THANK U, U CAN KEEP THE CHANGE!" my nice way of being a bitch. ha. never going back, unless someone else is paying. I'd rather take my chances with Florida Cafe.
Not having had Cuban food ever, I wanted to have a new experience.  My what an experience I had!  

I was greeted by a homeless person at the door asking me for a dollar to pay for some food.  I said ok, so we go inside and it seems like he wanted me to pay for his whole plate!  Good thing Mama of the house told him to leave.  

The place is a true hole in the wall, complete with the TV blaring telenova dramas, a big picture of Havana, Cuba on the wall, and even the chef coming out to swat flies...on my table haha.

Not knowing anything, I ordered the Arroz con Pollo.  When it came out it was two pieces of chicken over a bed of red rice and a little slice of tomato.  The food was ok.  The chicken came out dry, but with a little hot sauce the flavor was there.  The rice was unique, with a little spice to differentiate it from other places.  

It was quite the experience indeed.  I think I'd like to try other Cuban food dishes, maybe without all the other hoopla.
This place is pretty authentic and def the best cuban rest in vegas. The cuban sandwich was great the beans are good too. Viva cuba.
We had a lunch with a great app iof guacamole that was fresh with lime. In addition, there was sausage with fried onions and bananas over toasted bread. 

Main dish was feast of black beans, light white rice, and a fresh chicken dish with vegetables. This was the lunch special at $8.95.

Area is a little sketchy but ok for lunch. As a Vegas resident, I like these family restaurants.

Definitely returning.
You gotta love this hole in the wall. Good food, lousy service.
We had a Cuban sandwich (great value) and the daily special for Wednesday (white rice, bowl of black beans and a chicken dish. The Cuban sandwich was good and we ordered a second sandwich because it was not real big. The chicken special was good a filing. Also we had the yucca appetizer which was ok but not great. It was kind of bland.
I had high expectations for this place after all the review unfortunately my first time with the family was not a great one.   We went around after lunch and seated by the far left. We saw an old lady seated next to the kitchen area, which was not covered and we can see the cooks preparing the meals.  Red alert 1, not good. When we got our meals, one of them was a deep fried pork chop which was crispy but in the middle was red and uncooked. We when spoke to our server and told her about it. She did Ok and went back to the kitchen and had the cook refried the pork chop. NOT GOOD! There was no mention of 'I'm apologize and make you a new one' or 'I'll take it off the bill'.
I can't tell you how many times I've wanted to eat here but for one reason or another didn't. . . then 15 YEARS went by and I FINALLY walked through the door. This place was EVERYTHING I thought it was from looking at the outside of it for years. Home style, family run and authentic is what I always thought and it delivered!! I read the complaints about the loud soap operas and that was one of my FAVORITE parts of the evening. I've had better Cuban food but this is still a good place for authentic Cuban food. A few of the staff were. . . ahem. .. .shall we say. . . set in their ways. There was a small language barrier when we ordered but somehow we got everything we wanted on point. 

PROS: Feeling like I'm in a home
             Yucca in garlic sauce
             Maduros
             Loud soap operas on the tv
             Watching the staff come out to check on the soap opera every now and then.
             The manager/owner sitting at the table enamored by the drama on tv. 


CONS: Black beans needed more seasoning or something
             Seemed like I used a LOT of salt on my dishes to seasoned them up more. 
             
I like the atmosphere so much that I'm willing to go back just because I feel like I'm in a Cubano household eating.
Cubano 100% it's just as Cuban as it gets! 
I'm Cuban I just got here to USA from Havana and let me tell u eating here is like eating at your Abuela! (grandma's) back home... Ropa vieja and black beans to die for... Love this place please never change your food, your servers or your place
Ordered a Cubano sandwich and fried plantains. The plantains were burnt. The cubano was fantastic. Tender juicy meat BUT THERE WAS A HAIR IN MY SANDWICH. I'm so disappointed!
I am a huge fan of Cuban cuisine, Vegas, honestly does not have enough Cuban restaurants and this one will not be on my radar. I was pretty disappointed by my experience here. 
We ordered yuca in garlic sauce, bacalao in red sauce, ropa vieja with fried plantains. We left without finishing our food. The bacalao was SO salty, I couldn't eat it (I actually prefer my food on a saltier side). The yuca was just boiled, drained in oil and sprinkled with garlic powder. The ropa vieja was just ok.
What really stricked me is that you can see part of the kitchen from the kitchen area and the first thing you see is a microwave... Odds are many restaurants have microwaves in their kitchen but should customers see them from their table? Absolutely not.
Now, I went to the bathroom and was seriously grossed out. It looks like it's a bathroom in a 3rd world country. After I washed my hands and left the bathroom I felt like my hands are dirtier. 
I really wanted to like this place and based on so many positive reviews I thought I would. The positive reviews is what actually kept us from walking out without ordering.
Cuban sandwich was MUY delicioso! if you're in the area it's worth a stop in!
first of all, for being #1 on this lis,t it shouldn't be. Service was poor. Waitress had attitude and seemed to be upset the entire time. Not once did she crack a smile. The pan con lechon that we ordered was very dry and it had cheese! An original Pan con lechon is simply pork, bread and mojo. NO CHEESE! Why do they put cheese on an original cuban sandwich like pan con lechon??? The croquetas were re-heated and old. The place was very hot and no air. The plaque from Zagat and best of Las Vegas should be removed! Not to mention those were from back in 2007!!! Chef Ramsey would be applled!! 
Pass this place up and head somewhere else!
If this place were crack cocaine*, I'd snort it.  In short, magical happiness in the form of a Mexican/Cuban restaurant in downtown Vegas.  Believe it.  

*Also, crack is whack. See:  http://extremecatholic.blogspot.com/images/whitney.jpg
Once in a while, miracles happen to me. It's often while I'm traveling, which is probably because (a) you're in a more desperate, survivalist state when you don't have your bearings and therefore unexpected discoveries seem more miraculous, and (b) when I travel I visit almost exclusively the historic downtown core of any place, which is usually where everything magical resides. 

Now, I may be the only person in the world who travels to Las Vegas to visit the historic downtown core, but this is who I am and you're just going to have to learn to deal with it. Also, fuck the Strip. It's the same shitty middleamerican crowd, it's just more expensive and larger scale, which are shitty middleamerican things anyway.

Back to the historic downtown core thing, they appear to be doing some civic redevelopment stuff in the "East Fremont Street" area. So when LB and I were traipsing around in the 105 degree heat admiring historic neon signs and abandoned wedding chapels, and we noticed a big sign across from the El Cortez for "MEX/CUBAN FOOD", I knew immediately that a travel miracle was upon us. And it was. 

First of all, it is the cutest fucking place you have ever seen. From the neon signage to the bright pink and gold chairs and pleather booths to the waitresses' dresses, it makes you want to kill yourself for ever having eaten at a crappy Chevy's. It's the real deal. It also has a giant big screen TV upon which we witnessed the following: latin music videos on "htv" (hispanic tv? anyway, h-urbano was our favorite channel), music videos featuring booty shaking ladies and armadillos, and - this is for real - a DVD concert series of recent performances by KC & the Sunshine Band, Wild Cherry, and the Trammps. Now, if you know me, you know that disco music is the way to my heart. So Mamacita's, you had me at Play That Funky Music Whiteboy. But I'm not sure you had the large Mexican family eating at pushed-together tables, because they were not stoked when you turned off the Urbano. Also, I should add that the sound system is first rate, and I think at night it turns into a dance club. Sweet.

So, we also learned, "Mex/Cuban" does not mean a mishmosh of two cuisines. Apparently the owner (?) is Mexican, and her husband is Cuban, which means they have two distinct menus, one for each cuisine. Which results in more delicious choices for you, the customer. I would recommend ordering everything under "side orders" and a Cuban Sandwich. That's what I did. You may want to play it more on the healthy side and order the vegetarian fajitas, or the avocado salad. I know this because I ate those, too. Also, make sure to get the yuca. It comes two ways: fried, and in an oily roasted garlic sauce. I mean, you might as well get both of those, too. I'm not going to lie and say we didn't.  You can also get an entire roasted tilapia, if that's your thing. We actually didn't order that. 

Anyway, the point is that the food in Vegas is so generally shitty that when you're ready for a meal that doesn't involve processed lunch meat or $0.99 shrimp cocktail, Mamacita's is there for you, so be ready to EAT.

Also, the ladies serving you are pretty much the nicest people I've ever met, so if you are one of those assholes that is rude to cab drivers and waitstaff, please don't go in here because I will be forced to break knees.

The customer base is eclectic. A nice mix of latin families, oddly misplaced white people and the local street characters, of which there seem to be many on this part of East Fremont. On the walk back to the hotel I was asked if my ethnic heritage includes Russian by a dude smoking a doob in plain sight, and I'm pretty sure I saw Aileen Wuornos order a burrito. But something about it was way less scary than the nasty hooker trash at the Palms.
Everyone has been raving about this place, and we couldn't wait to try it. Located off off the strip on Fremont Street across the street from the El Cortez Hotel, (We parked there!) we were surprised to find it relatively empty at 9pm. (It was a FREEZING night!) 

For this one, I'm going to go with listing the Pluses and Minuses: 

(+)
+ Easy Parking, across the street at the El Cortez
+ Roomy, good for groups
+ Cheeeep eats! Huge portions! 

(-) 
- What was the *DEAL* with them BLASTING the Eagles DVD and then after that the BRITNEY DVD on HIGH VOLUME at 9:30PM on a Monday night? I was running low on energy at that point in the evening and the volume was reaaaaaaly too high for me, cranky ol' lady. I hear they usually play salsa music, which is would have much preferred (not hatin' on the Eagles, actually.) 
- It was Freeeeezing in there- we sat near the window, perhaps that was why? Bring a sweater if you're coming here for dinner in winter-time. 
- The meals arrived ~20 minutes after we sat down, which is fine, but the plates were SUPER COLD to the touch... for those of you who know how much I love my food PIPING DANGEROUSLY HOT, this was a minus for me. 

Overall: a solid 3.75 stars, as the food was tasty tasty and it's a great deal on some Quality food. Service was friendly, and they let us sit around a few minutes after they closed, as we were just engaged in catching up.
Wow!

Glad to see the good reviews, I made my maiden voyage in March '07 and thought it was fantastic, but I was DDDDDD-runk.  Made a follow-up visit in December '07 and was happy to find the food to be just as good when sober.

Delicious food and cool atmosphere, although  I could do without the Carlos Santana blaring at 90 decibels.  I like my Carlos as much as the next guy, but it was a bit much. 

I've tried both Mexican and Cuban entrees, and you really can't go wrong with either.  Inexpensive, tasty food.  Great service.  An economically diverse clientele.  What more could one ask for?

Mr. Santana takes it down from 5 stars to 4.4 stars for me.

Don't walk any further east, it's kind of dangerous, especially at night.  But Mamacita's is a must if you're hungry and on Fremont - it's a required stop for me on future visits.

--------------------------------

Update:  March 2008

They've turned down the music.  Thank you, God.  I enjoyed the same Carlos Santana videos, but at about 50% of the volume of my previous visits.  Food is still very good!
I've eaten here over 20 times, for over 10 years. not anymore, since my magic mentor has diabetes, partially because of too many chile rellenos from Mamacitas--yum!
the food is consistent, amazing, authentic. Wow.
so good!
I had the Cuban steak with onions, black beans and rice, it was perfect. I ordered a side of plantains that was enough for the whole table to share and they came with sour cream, my favorite. other people in my party ordered Mexican fare and truly enjoyed it. portions were large and reasonably priced.
The salsa and tortilla cheaps were outstanding.
Everyone agreed that this was quite possibly the best meal for the best price  in Vegas. 
Free parking across the street in the el cortez casino, no wait for a table, quick and delicious!
This was by far one of the worst Vegas restaurant experiences that I have had.  My husband and I are addicted to Mexican/Cuban food, and we finally decided to give this dirty lookin little place a try.  There were 2 bums laying on the sidewalk outside the resturant.  There were a group of mexican guys sitting in the corner with buckets of beer in front of each of them- they were watching some Mexican soccer game... a disco ball in the front window ... so far so good, lol.

We got two Negro Medolo's, a steak burrito, and a CHICKEN enchilada ala carte.  The menu said "add an enchilada to a combo for $1.95"  the server told us that it was no longer the special, it was now 2.95 to add an enchilada.  We told her that was fine.  I can't eat a whole lot when I'm having a beer ;)  

The food didn't take too long... after she drops it off, we don't see her again till the "bill" comes... 

The burrito was actually really good... huge portions too.  The "chicken" enchilada turned out to be a cheese enchilada... so I didn't eat that.  No biggie... except the server was gone for 20 minutes.  We started to think she went home or something...  

After we set our plates to the side, the other girl working finally came over to take the plates.   We told her, that we got the wrong enchilada, no biggie, and we don't want another one.  At that point, our food and beer had settled and theres no way i could eat anymore.  She said she would tell our server...

So, our server finally comes back over with a tablet she had written our checks on (apparently, she never shows us a check) and tells us that will be $30.

LOL.  What?   $30 dollars for one burrito and two beers?  The burrito itself, was 9.95.  She continues to go over her calculations, $5.75 for the beers, $3.50 for the enchilada [[[stop!  first, we got an enchilada we didn't order - and sent it back... but do you remember she told us the enchilada was now 2.95?  She's making these prices up as she goes, i beleive]]]

We told her we got the wrong enchilada... she says "i dunno, you eat it"  Uh.... no, we told her we didn't, we sent it back... (which she would have known if she had been back to the table even once after the food had arrived)  She stomps away, to ask the other girl ... our server stomps off to the kitchen and we see her arguing with some guy in the kitchen.   She walks back over and says "okay, now 27 dollar"


We were so disturbed by the arguing and extremely rude service, we just wanted to leave, and didn't think about how that added up, we just gave her money and left.   If i had been paying, i would have stiffed her.  I've never in my life stiffed a server.  I worked in restaurants for 7 years, husband was a bartender for 4+yrs, we tip VERY WELL!!  

After we got back to Freemont i start thinking.  So... 9.95 for the burrito, and - 17 dollars for the two negro medelos?!?  what ?!  

Husband seems to remember her saying the beers were 5.75 a peice.  Thats 11.50... 11.50+9.95=  $22.95

So that means all the porn slappers sitting in the corner had 40 dollar bucks of beer sitting in front of each of them?  I'm sure.  Did she think we were drunk and wouldn't realize we were getting ripped off?  

Since we never got a check, and she seemed to keep changing her prices every time she came back to the table, I'm sure she pocketed a good bit of our payment.  Whata fuckin shame, I really liked the burrito.  I would NEVER step foot in this place again.  I can't imagine making your customers feel so uncomfortable.. 

If you still need to go here, check the menu for the prices, and ask for a check at the end...  Maybe she added a 5 dollar plate share fee??  that would be a high plate share fee - especially for a dirty little mexican place in the ghetto!!  Even so, I wasn't planning on eating the damn burrito- I ordered ONE enchilada, (i don't eat much at night, and theres no point in ordering food that I won't eat!) Either way, its poor buisness practice... 

 I've never felt the need to call a restaurant's manager, until this experience... but i figured what would the point be?  I don't think any of them spoke english.... and if they did, would they even care?  They don't care that they employ a theif... geez.. I was trying to not bring in a stereotype, but damn... :-x


I think we paid for half the beer for the mexican guys in the corner?  who knows...
So good! I will always go here whenever I am in town because it is always worth it. I will try to be brief...

The GOOD:  My food has always been excellent.  The flavors are delicious, the spices are right, the portion sizes are good, but not overwhelming. I love Tex-Mex and Real Mex and have tasted it all and this is really good but not the best. The Cuban food is good also, but it is not for me.   

The BAD: Service has always been ridiculous in my experience.  I have had servers who were either friendly yet incompetent or servers who were evil and glaring yet bringing me my food and drinks in a timely manner. (Honestly, both of these are fine with me as long as I get my food.)
With a stroke of luck I randomly strolled into this place after getting hungry walking up Fremont street.  There were a couple of shady-looking characters wandering about outside, but where in Vegas are there not?

My girl ordered shrimp cocktail and the papano fajita platter (I think that was the name).  I was going to order the chimichanga dinner but the lady told us we were getting too much food so I canceled the chimi and sure enough, the shrimp cocktail and cuban fajita platter were plenty for two.  Really, really tasty.  The service wasn't great but the food and price more than made up for it.

We went twice.  On the second visit, I finally did get the chimichanga and it was perfect.  We also tried their "old laundry" Cuban soup (ropa vieja) which was awesome, and fried platains which were great.  

This place has a great "down home" feel.
While staying at the El Cortez Hotel for the 2009 NASCAR races, my buddy mentioned that there was a little Mexican-Cuban restaurant directly across the street that he wanted to try out. I am so thankful that he suggested Mamacita's!

I ordered the #5 combo, a Chile Relleno so delicious that I couldn't stop raving about the flavor in between each bite. Also included was a fried carnitas taco that was fatty & flavorful - a great combination at $10.95. 

What also set this place apart was the large LCD TV playing a video of Elvis Presley bringing down the house. Great DVD, great sound! On my second visit alone, I ordered the same dinner, plus two ice cold Coronas, while watching a DVD of the greats from the disco era.

Probably the only reason that I would stay at the El Cortez Hotel again is that the hotel is so perfectly situated to this little restaurant - check it out!
No. Just. No. 

The decor was a little loud for my taste, and the same Selena dvd was played three times while we were there, which got old real fast. It's also not in the best part of town, but hey, it happens. 

The food was good, I'll give them that. I ordered the ropa vieja, and enjoyed it, or would have if they'd gotten the order right. It states quite clearly on the menu that ropa vieja comes with papas fritas (french fries). My plate came with white steamed rice and a bowl of beans. When I asked the waitress politely about my fries, she told me (rudely) that my meal did not come with fries. I protested, saying it was on the menu, and she told me outright that I was wrong, and walked away. I had no menus handy or I would have showed her. Half the reason I ordered what I did was because I was craving some french fries. I don't think I've ever been told flat out that I was WRONG at a restaurant before. Not only that, but we ordered ONE pitcher of margaritas, but she brought out another over the course of the meal, which we did not drink or order. These margaritas were awful. I don't think they used real tequila. No one at our table finished a glass. Then we were told we were being charged $24 a pitcher, when we hadn't even touched the other pitcher. Um. No. 

Not only that, but we had a rather large party. I understand that this can be difficult for small restaurants. However, when we arrived, there was only one other table occupied. But people who came in after us starting receiving their food before a quarter of the people at our table received their meals. Come on! You don't serve the new orders before you've gotten the first table done! 

Other people at my table got the wrong food, too. My father-in-law can't eat cheese, and so he specifically requested NO CHEESE in the enchiladas or on the beans. He received cheese on both and had to send it back. 

The service here was AWFUL. The waitress was surly and never available except when she brought a plate of food out (which was once every ten minutes). I absolutely DO NOT recommend this place, especially if you have a group of people over four. Too bad, cause the food is good.
I've been here four times and enjoyed every visit.  Good food, good service, good prices.  The menu is fairly diverse, but still features dishes you would find at just about any Mexican restaurant.  Good for a late night bite if you happen to be in the down town/ Fremont St area.
Loved this place. Food was delicioso. Atmosphere caliente! Very close to Fremont Street. Go here!!
i went to this place after i checked out the pictures i have taken of vegas so far, and the sole decision to see the freemont street experience.

i went to freemont street a couple of days ahead, but i didnt see the canopy of lights, so i went back.

well, on first impression, the place looks very authentic. but the weird smell (i have super smelling powers) kinda turned me off. two girls walked in and i asked them if they ever ate there - they said no but it was highly recommended by the robocop (he was a cop on a segway.)

the service was a bit slow  - but there was only one waitress, and i dont really blame her. the food was good. it didnt taste americanized to me, but thats my opinion. its almost close to what i have back in queens, NY.

the food here is a welcome and homey change to the food they serve at the strip by the venetian. aaaah. it felt like home. the porkchops were good. 

i loved the waitress gisela because she was the only service person in vegas who didnt expect a tip.
Might not B a 3 star, but gotta balance out all those crazy 4 stars!  Is OK to good, kinda pricey 10-15 or more... There's gotta B better in the LV! Should I try the Barrio? If this is the best LV has for Mexican/cuban, I feel for them! Help yelp!
Michael Jackson makes for surprisingly good music to eat their food to.
My wife and I ate here over a year ago, and I was very disappointed in the meal.  I agree that for the price, I'd expect a nicer place with better service and not an entrance from the parking lot that is like a service entrance.

The food was nothing special.  It is an amalgam, and that's not what we were looking for.  We wanted good Cuban food.  Not here.  This is the one food area where Las Vegas is really lacking.
I've been here a few times since the initial review and the food has been marginal.  Guess I'll avoid for a while.  Bummer.
Like other reviews have noted, expect horrible service.
Located off Fremont street by a couple of blocks, in a seedy area. Expect crack heads and crazy homeless folks around here.
I had a Cuban sandwich that contained chicken instead of beef, but was still good. Hot salsa and chips. Sandwich cane with fries, but why have fries when you can have chips and salsa instead?
Overall, decent food in bad surroundings with bad service.
Bonus points for having Michael Jackson videos on to eat to.
Pan con bisteca is great and garlicy with nice charred onions. Good service, friendly folks.  And it's right on the neon museum.
I used to love the Cuban food at this restaurant.  Not any more.  I don't know if the ownership changed, but it's now called "Mamita's" and the chef clearly doesn't know how to cook.  Moreover, the service was incredibly slow and bad.  I ordered the masas de puerco fritas, and it arrived dry.  I asked for garlic sauce, and ten minutes later, the chef sent out a bowl of onions in oil.  Terrible service, worse cooking.  Too bad. Stay away.
It's a cute place but I've had better food.

I walk in and the place is decorated with everything Vegas and Mexico. From Elvis, shot glasses to Chiuauas, etc. 

I had a side order of their chile relleno. Meh... Nothing special. It wasn't bad but I'd had WAY better at my Mexican friend's house when she makes it herself.

The highlight of the night was the huge flat screen that was playing old school R&B music videos. As a big fans of eras past, we decided to stick around a little longer just to watch the vids.

Would we return? No, not really. But if we were in the area and were craving the cuisine, we'd stop in.
So-so...
Well it was clean and the food quality was ok, but very bland.  Had all the flavor of a lean cuisine Service was friendly but very slow even though there were only 5 customers. The prices are high for Cuban /mex especially for the neighborhood.  Possibly the worst mojito I've ever had.  Not even worth a second chance.  Gets the second star for the cheesy spanish language videos.
Recently we were in Vegas for a little getaway. On our last night there we had a craving for Mexican food. I googled Mexican eateries downtown and Mamacita's popped up. Of course I Yelped it and the reviews were generaly positive so we decided to go. It was a short walm from our hotel downtown. Even tough Mamacita's is close to the heart of Freemont St., Mamacita's is in a neighborhood filled with panhandlers. Even whe. We arrived at Mamacita's, there was a guy sleelping in a booth which the waitress called security on. I guess she had warned him about sleeping but he didn't heed her advice. However, security arrived quickly and whisked the sleepy guy away. 
The fresh salsa at Mamacita's is delicious. It has a wonderful flavor and is just the right amount of hot. They have a large menu filled with many Mexican as well as Cuban selections. The tortillas were cold and hard, but I enjoyed my meal anyway. Besides that, I was surprised by the lack of good Mexican eateries in Las Vegas.  Living in San Diego they are a dime a dozen. I guess I'm spoiled. But if you're in Vegas, hungry for Mexican (or Cuban) food, and  have a sense of adventure, Mamacita's might be the place for you!
Ok it's true, it's not on the best stretch of road in Vegas.   However, the food makes it worth the trek.  My wife and I were in Vegas for a few days and I think we ate breakfast here three times, that's how good it was.  Other than a fair price and good service.  The breakfast was so filling I usually didn't eat again until 4pm or 5pm.  We would have the Cuban or Mexican breakfast consisting of rice, eggs, beans, bread, plantains or a similar variation.   Believe it or not, the coffee was excellent.  I hear the secret is a little cinnamon thrown in when they  brew it.  Next time we hit Vegas Mamacita's will be on our list of places to eat.  Hopefully by then they'll stop running the same Selena live DVD.
I was excited to get me one of them Cuban sandwiches. The bread was nothing to write home about, but it was ok.

They charged me $9 for a $5.95 Cuban sandwich. I asked the server if she charged me for 2 sandwiches cuz the menu indicates the price of $5.95. The lady then gave me $3. 

I asked my buddy's roommate about the place and he said, "F@#k that place. They charged me $20 for the food and drink. The actual price was $12. 

I recommend that you add the bill yourself before you get over charged. Check your bill before paying.

Mamacita, either learn to add or stop ripping off customers. Yelp is here to help.
So is this place called Mamita's or Mamacita's?!?! 

When you walk into this dump it's like Vegas and Mexico threw up on each other or something like that, it's very interesting to say the least. 
It's right across the street from El Cortez hotel, so that alone should give you a clue of what kind of place this is going to be lol. 

I noticed this place because I was outside on the curb of El Cortez waiting in line for my Punk Rock Bowling tickets in 90 degrees at 11am, drinking some hot Jack n coke in a plastic cup. My friend and I were debating whether to eat here or the cafe, and ended up here. I think at this point I would eaten anything lol. 

Since I was in Vegas I started off with a strawberry margarita, because well, I really love margaritas. Also, it is completely acceptable to keep drinking all day, even before noon in Vegas, so why the hell not. I then ordered a chicken taco and enchilada combo plate with rice and beans. It was probably not the best Mexican food, but it really hit the spot and plus they gave me a decent amount of sour cream, so I devoured that plate, lol. 

My friend ordered a Cuban sandwich and beer, but they were out of Cuban beer, so fail right there. Also, his sandwich came on some questionable bread, so yea overall fail on the Cuban menu. The bread in the picture looked way better. Overall, my food was pretty good, but my friend's not so good. 

The service was also pretty terrible, they take forever to take your order, get your order, and if you need anything else after your meal finally arrives, forget about it!!!! They weren't even that busy until maybe the end our meal. This place is cheap and convenient though if you happen to be in Downtown Vegas. 

Apparently that Selena live in concert DVD is constantly playing, which is only awesome the first time through.
My friend Karen had seen this restaurant and had made mental note that she wanted to give it a shot. 

We decided this is where we would do dinner last night, before hitting up the Western for $1 shots and beers and then to Dino's for Karaoke. 

Wow where do I start? 

Waited about 15 minutes until we were finally approached for a drink order, let alone questions regarding the menu. I had never had Cuban food at a restaurant so I was a bit clueless on what certain things were. 

I asked the waitress what the house specialty is or what is ordered the most and or popular, she then points out a few things on the menu and says this is OK, um that is OK. Well you know what lady, I am looking for more than just "OK". 

Crappy service for starters, after finally coming to take our order it took another 15 minutes or so to get our drinks. The food took forever, and only two of four meals were brought. So I am sitting waiting until my friends food comes so I can eat. I said screw it, my fajitas are getting cold waiting so I dug in! 

After the non helpful suggestions from the waitress, I decided to play it safe and ordered the beef and chicken fajitas which came with a side plate of rice and beans. The fajitas were a large portion of dry unseasoned chicken and beef. Not much flavor at all to speak of. I have had better fajitas at El Torito's. Disappointment for me as even the rice and beans were bland, very bland! 

Friend #1 ordered a bowl of menudo, she said the flavor was not the best and she is an old school menudo eater. She asked the waitress prior if it their menudo had a red or white base, the waitress pulled the menu and pointed to the picture and said that is what it looks like. Also her plate was a sloppy mess when it arrived, menudo juice all over the plate and running down the side of the bowl, the presentation was just bad. I know they were rushing to get orders out but there is just no excuse for that slop to be dropped at anyone's table. I attached a picture, check it out.

Friend #2 got the Tequila pollo dish with a side order of chile releno. The chicken was one big slab on the plate, would have made a better eater friendly and a visually appealing meal had they sliced it. The portion was generous but did not matter as the taste once again was bland as the other dishes we tried. 

Friend #3 got some sort of beef dish that was nothing but grizzle, all she was able to eat was the white rice and the black beans she spit up. Literally had a plate of wasted meat left. She probably should have sent it back as was basically inedible. The service was slow, and not very friendly, did not seem like a good outcome if a complaint was issued, I think that is the vibe we felt. Still I would have issued my complaint as they can not improve something if they are not aware or getting the complaint. 

Service and food very disappointing. 

The tab was $80.00 for four of us for bad service and plain, unflavored food. We will NOT be back. 

Also the flat screen TV blasting the Michael Jackson videos, over and over and over and over and over was overkill. We could not hear each other so we had very little conversation between the four of us. 

A hilarious moment, the waitress walked past our table and because the music video was soooooo freakin loud the waitress did not even hear my friend calling her! We just wanted to ask if they could turn it down. Several other patrons were talking about it as well. Ok they were not talking about it as I could not hear anyone, I mean I was lip reading along with watching people point to their ears so I am assuming they were thinking the same as we were that the music was way too loud. Don't get me wrong...music is my life but when I dine I am not really down for a taped concert at the same time. It was ridiculous how loud it was.

This place sucks balls...and not the good kind! 

This place just gave reason for a bitch fest that night from my friends, and they are not even Yelpers! I never want to endure that again!

They should also train their employees on cuban food, not cool for a specialty restaurant to have staff that is clueless in regards to the menu.

Service sucks 
Poor food 
Pricey
I really want to like this place but... 
 
The service really leaves something to be desired, I think we confused the server by ordering appetizers because our entrees came out before our appetizers.  When we asked about them she seemed really confused that we actually wanted to have them before our meals.  When our meals finally arrived, my friend got her meal plus they put the appetizer in front of her but I did not get my meal.  So we just ate the appetizers.  I finally got my meal after inquiry. Also, the waitresses are quite surly.

The food leaves something to be desired as well.  The bread for the cuban sandwich was very dry and very flaky.  Very peculiar and hard to eat.

Overpriced and it is a hassle to use their bathroom.  You have to ask for a key and then walk down a sketchy outside hallway in the back of the restaurant.  My advice:  Try to hold it until the El Cortez across the street.
I want to give Mamacita's a good review and it wasn't for lack of trying as I live Downtown, but I can't.. But basically I'd have to say the quality and freshness of the food and also the servie staff leave a lot to be desired. I had the huevos ranchero, and the portion's were poor for the price and the ranchero sauce was not fresh and the rice was cold. I tried it again and had a cuban sandwich and plantain's. The plantain's were undercooked on the inside and overcooked on the outside and flavorless,  the cuban was OK but the bread was dry. I gave it one more try walking home one night and decided maybe I should be going after their more expensive signature dishes. I went for the pork and ended throwing most it out after I choked down a few bites. It was super dry with no rub and lightly nuked. All in all there are much better places to eat that care about the quality of the food and service.
Its downtown, expect to see some creepy creepies and the usual degenerates. The food is freaking awesome!!!!! Service is ok. If you want a classy joint, of 5 star service go somewhere else. Everyone that expects more from this place other than delicious food is an idiot. I go here all the time, and recommend it to everyone. Shrimp fajitas are out of control!
Horrible, bad don't eat here. Staff doesn't care about service or quality of food
We definitely didn't come in for the Bee Gees music but we definitely left because of it. Although my breaded steak was ok, my orange juice was straight from a bottle, and the music video with all your favorite easy listening bands just didn't do it for me. In fact, they made things worse by turning up the music as we ate, even though there was only six people in the restaurant. We ended up running for our lives out of here.
DO NOT RECCOMEND!!

Chimichangas were hard as a rock.
Chips & Salsa was free. 
Service is eh & the decor is dreadful.
Also they have a DJ posted by the window?
Why? Not sure, I guess they want me to suffer through pit bull songs while I complain about my crap tacos. Downtown has some good spot, this is NOT one of them.
I went to Fremont Street hoping to finally try LeThai. But as is my luck with any Tony Hsieh supported business I had another bad experience as LeThai was closed. So I head back to the parking garage at the El Cortez hungry and wondering what to do. I step out of the elevator and see Mamacita's. Or is it Mamita's? Heck if I know, it's Mexican food, my second most favorite thing except pizza. I punch the down button, a couple steps through the casino and across Fremont has me inside waiting on someone to help me. 

Mamacita's is s-l-o-w. Like the polar ice caps will be melted by the time they get to you slow. I grabbed a seat and waited to get a menu. I waited to get salsa, which by the way they brought chips and a medium and a hot salsa, both of which were good. I waited to finally get someone to take my order. Meanwhile I'm sitting there facing Fremont St. watching ESPN on the flat screen on the wall and waiting some more. Finally I get my lunch special, a taco, enchilada, rice, and beans. They used regular beans, not dehydrated beans which was a surprise of sorts. The taco was crispy but had me relying heavily on the salsa to make it good. And everything else was just ho-hum. 

I also ordered ice tea, which was good but they brought out the sugar tray and all it had in it was artificial sweetners. I'm sorry but I only do real sugar when I'm out, or Xyla at home, I won't use anything else. So not having real sugar on the table was something I didn't like. 

I got a phone call so I had to leave and it took forever to get someone's attention and to get my check. I tried to hand my server my debit card but she ignored it, went up and printed my ticket then came back and got it. Seriously, I needed to go at that point, when I tell you to just run the damn card, run the damn card. 

If I was on Fremont Street and hungry I might come back here again. But if you're on a tight lunch hour this is NOT a place you even want to consider. They take slow to a whole other place and it's not good. Also decor wise it's kinda cool but the 80's music and other crap gets old very quickly. 

2 Stars: It's just not all that.
Horrible service!!. If I had known they were shut down by the health dept., wouldn't have come here. Waited 15 min for the waitress and it wasn't even busy.  The table next to us waited forever and when they asked for more chips, they were charged for them. We had to get up and get our own refills. Stay away and find another place to eat!!  Didn't even want to leave a 1 star but there's no lower rating!!
I had a terrible experience at this restaurant. I walked in and they took about 10 min to bring us the menu, I was then waiting for another 15 min and no one came to get our order so we had to walk away. There were only  about four tables and plenty of staff to take care of us. 
menu: large menu 
services: Terrible!! 
prep time:  unknown (I'm sure they take forever 2)
atmosphere:  old looking decorations, thumbs down
Best Thing:  Free chips and salsa
other comments: During the weekend they play Latin music, so If you feel like shaking your hips you can check this place out!
Amazing Atmosphere, music videos that were from my childhood, oh ya....THE FOOD! Eveerything about this place made me thankful our drunken stooper led us in this direction! YOU CAN'T GO WRONG when you find Mamacita's. This instantly became a regular stop, when
We decided to try something different and found Cuba Cafe through the internet. To our surprise, cuban food was pretty good. My husband ordered a salmon with diced mango. Very yummy. I ordered chicken marinated with lime, butter and onion. Not bad. You will love their lightly toasted bread! Cant stop eating these bread and keep asking for another round of bread. :)
Cuban cuisine is known for its awesome sandwiches and this place doesn't disappoint!  The bread is made fresh and will literally melt in your mouth.  If you don't feel like sandwiches, there's plenty of other things to order like the mango salmon and lemon-cilantro mahi mahi; and you can ask for some free bread or banana chips to go along with your entree.

The restaurant has a real "hole in the wall" feeling which I love; great photos hanging on the wall and a beautiful dim setting with the sun light peering through the windows.

The only complaint I have is that the steak can be a little bit on the tough side.
It feels like your typical local diner but with cuban food.  I've never eaten cuban food before so I was excited to try it out.  I decided to get a sandwich... hmph!  What a waste of an experience because I could've gotten a sandwich anywhere else.  There was really nothing exciting about the sandwich that is supposed to be popular here.  I guess I was trying to be safe when I shouldn't have.  I'm normally the resque adventurous one when it comes to ordering food.  

I have to go back and try out something else that actually involves their rice and meat.  The service was good, the lady was attentive to us and seemed pleasant.  The bill isn't bad and that's what I like about this place.  But, I have to go for 2nd round sometime this week to try something better.
Love their pan con bistec sandwich. Friendly service. Price is pretty good too.
Make it a 3 plus, actually.  I had a Cuban sandwich (roast pork, ham, swiss cheese and pickles on a roll) and a mamey milkshake.  The sandwich tasted homemade--like something my grandmother might have made (even though she was English, not Cuban), with tender, well-done roast pork.  The mamey shake was a little bland, but never having had mamey before, I had to try it.  I assume that's the way mamey is, and it was soothing and cooling, so the bland wasn't a total negative.  Think sort of an apricot-peach-tropical shake that is meant to be good for you, and you have an idea how it tastes.  Service was fine, but I was the only customer in the place.  I'd try this place a second time when I have a bigger appetite.
I've only had Cuban a few times, but I really liked the food here. I find the food on the bland side compared to some other cuisines, but very good. We had the Plantanos Maduros $2.50 (sweet bananas), fried perfectly, and yummy. We had sandwiches, Chicken Chipolte $7.95, which wasn't very hot or spicy, but still very good. The bread is flattened and grilled crisp with mayo, lettuce and tomato. The Chicken sandwich $7.50, is marinated and mild tasting. 
I liked the decor, especially the wine corks in the ceiling.
I've only been here once, but the cuban sandwhich I ordered was great.  We went during the lunch hour and there were only a few people there so that was nice.  My star deduction is for the canned soda, seriously, how much does it cost to buy a flippin soda fountain?!!?!?  Pony up!
It has been several years since we last dined at this restaurant so we each ordered an entrée that we had enjoyed in the past.  We began with sweet fried bananas along with garlic bread.  My wife chose salmon al mango - seared salmon with mango sauce and vegetable rice.  I ordered pollo tequila - seared marinated chicken breast in fresh herbs with tequila sauce and chipotle served with vegetable rice.  Both dishes were good, but my chicken was slightly dry.  Prices are very reasonable and portions are ample so we ordered a flan to go in order to meet the minimum $35 purchase requirement.  The flan received a 4 star rating when consumed later in the evening.
I've only gone here for lunch.  My favorite things are the croquette sandwich, the fried bananas, and the lemonade.  The croquette sandwich reminds me of corned beef hash (like what you would eat for breakfast) only much better.  I haven't figured out how the lemonade is different, but it's excellent.  I like the cubano sandwich also, but I prefer the croquette.
Cuba Cafe is okay, but nothing too special.  I come to Cuba Cafe simply for their sandwiches.  Cuban sandwiches are cheap and, almost always good.  I usually get the Pan con Bistec (steak sandwich) or the Pan con Lechon (roasted pork sandwich).  While I have had much better of both, the other Cuban restaurants in town are so mediocre that I settle for Cuba Cafe.  Make sure you ask for a side of mojo or any sauce they have with the sandwiches.  They are rather dry otherwise.  

The empanadas are one of the high points for Cuba Cafe, as well as the croquetas.  Both are a little more expensive than I'd like to pay, but are good nonetheless.  Also get an Iron Beer while you're here.  It's not beer, it's a Cuban soda.  

This restaurant probably would only get 2 stars, but it's much better than the other Cuban restaurants I've been to in town.
I had no idea what I wanted for lunch so I found Cuba Cafe on Yelp. It's located east of the strip and is a small hole in the wall. The interior is decorated nicely inside and noticed several patrons were speaking Cuban. 

My waitress was super friendly and she brought me hot butter toasted bread that was soo good.  I ordered the Lechon asado which is marinated roasted leg of pork topped with fresh garlic, olive oil, lime mojo and served with Moros & Cristianos. The pork was so tender I could cut if with my fork and salad and rice was also delicious too! 
The portion was large see my pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jmyvOW6G2T1fIePvajB4nQ?select=2xIXjVjc0ZcxnnPpbblyNA: 

My food arrived quickly and the place is very clean. Water here is filtered which is a  plus by my standards.
Even though I'm rating it 3 stars, I've been here about 14 times, so I dunno what that means lol.

I always say I'm gonna try something else, but I've only ordered the Pan Con Bistec sandwich because even if it's an "off day", it just tastes SO goood mmm mm. The last few times I've been there though, the sandwich has been made to perfection...i definitely need to find out who the chef is. Moist juicy steak seasoned to amazingness. If you want the free bread you have to ask for it if you get a sandwich. A side of beans a rice is always complimentary. The platanos are O-kay. I got them once and never ordered them again.

Service is usually friendly, a little slow sometimes though.


Is this the most contradictory review ever? Haha.

They also have a patio if you're interested.
Camarones al mango. Cuban sandwich. Cold sliced pork with lemon, garlic, olive oil. 

So stuffed and satisfied. Don't be deceived by the outside of this restaurant. It's really cute inside and the food is yummy. Cuban sandwich was enough for two meals for me. Camarones were perfectly cooked and seasoned. The cold sliced pork was a little too slimy for me. But that's okay... I'll go back again and order something else.

The inside dining room isn't very big but I think it'd make a great private party venue for a group less than 25.
I love this place.

I found it while going to college in Las Vegas, and still try to stop in every time I am in town. I have also dragged, my brother, my parents and countless friends here. 

I think the food is amazing. I have tried almost everything on the menu at one point of another. The rice and seafood has been a favorite dish my last couple of trips. Great Cuban sandwich. The bread is perfect...buttery with a hint of sweetness. Melts in your mouth.

The staff is a nice couple from Cuba and the restaurant is very cute and quaint. Definitely qualifies as a "hole-in-the-wall".
Cuba cafe gets 4 stars for existing close enough to the house to provide a cuban sandwich but overall this is an "A-OK" type place. Might not be worth a long trip, but if you are in the neighborhood this is the option you have for Cuban. The interior is remodeled, so for those of you who care about atmosphere you can wiggle your toes from excitement.

I just have tried the cubano sandwich so far, and it was pretty tasty. The bread was nice and soft and generously buttered. The pork was pretty good, and the sandwich was overall very satisfying. The only thing I was wishing for was a little more flavor. The mojo served alongside our yucca was delicious, and my sandwich was supposed to have some too but I couldn't taste it. The swiss cheese wasn't swissy enough, you dig?

Our service was good: our server kept our drinks refilled, no complaints. Browsing the rest of the menu there are a few things I am looking forward to trying, the lechon asado being next on the list.
Gotta get my Cuban food fix- very cute place off the strip...Lichen Asado, tops Vieja, pollo tequila & rice y beans, plantains y yucca mojo
very much ok
I absolutely love their Ropa Vieja also known as "old clothes."  Thinking about the aromatic blend of spices combined with the shredded beef  that's been simmered to perfection is making my mouth water right now!  

Very reasonable prices and a nice tapas selection as well.  Cuba Cafe is a great place to go eat if you want to avoid the high prices and obnoxious crowds down on the Strip.
GREAT FOOD, BAD SERVICE.. i love their food, but they definitely won't be getting another dime from me because their service sucks.. if you don't speak Spanish, they don't bother with you.. i rather spend my money & refer people to FLORIDA CAFE on las vegas blvd.. the best staff and food!! dont waste your money here...
I was a tourist trying to save a buck with discount gift certificates.  It was a hole in the wall joint that looked like an episode of Kitchen nightmares on the outside.  My life was changed forever.

I have only ever eaten Cuban food in the kitchen of my friends.  This was even more amazing (and to beat out my friend's mom's empanadas, you have GOT to be good).  We went twice in a week and tried to bribe the people at the restaurant to move the entire establishment to DC.  Alas, they did not come back with us.  

Great food.  Cheap.  Cute little quirky joint.  

I miss you Cuba Cafe.  Sniffle.
Small and unassuming, nestled in a strip mall on Tropicana, one of the best home-cooked (or at least, that's how it feels) meals in Las Vegas. A friend found this place here on Yelp.That was 8 months ago. I am here so often, I am surprised I don't have a name tag. 

The lamb chops alone will have me stopping there for dinner on the way home from work. Add the mariquitas con mojo and an avocado salad and I am a happy diner. I am told the bread is absolutely perfect (I can't eat it, but watch it devoured every time I take anyone with me).

Proteins are always tender and, depending on the dish, cooked to order. The salads are fresh (I might suggest a little more balsamic on the caprese and avocado salads), the flavors are deep and so complicated as to seem simple... spot on. 

The latin-caribbean blend of flavors is nothing found in a spice jar and the care they put into their food is readily apparent. Sometimes the dishes can come out a little slowly... but when you bite into it, you find it's worth it. Nothing assembly line here. 

FYI: The mozzarella and peppers salad is a caprese salad... sub sweet red peppers for the usual tomatoes. I tried this on Sunday and I have a new favorite way to eat a caprese. A great, flavorful twist on a simple staple.

Everyone is ready with a smile and happy to offer assistance in making choices or - sometimes unavoidable - substitutions. (Try not to, if you can, and trust this family to feed you well.) The menu is broad and will cater to almost any palette, and the specials change all the time so that they can offer you something new and tasty to keep you coming back.

Easy on the pocketbook (sign up for their email specials and find them on Restaurant.com), always tasty, and friendly to boot, how could this not be a favorite?

Limited beer and wine (for those cocktailers out there)... though I would LOVE to see them broaden that and start offering a mojito or three. ;)
I wish I had paid more attention to the area around UNLV while I was attending school. The diversity of cuisines are a bit awe inspiring even though some might sound better than they really are. 

Cuba Cafe is at street view, but at night does not stand out because this area is poorly lit. The restaurant is accessible through a gated patio area and the inside has less than ten tables. The quaint shop is intimate and quiet with low level Spanish music playing. 

Came here with a few friends around 8:30pm and the restaurant was steady, but emptying out. We were greeted promptly with menus and our drink orders were taken. The waitress was quick to try and take our order, but we were still deciding. After some time, Jason B. ordered the pan con bistec. A thin cut beef sandwich served on grilled Cuban bread with lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, and potato strings. At $7.50, it was not a bad deal. There wasn't very much meat, but it was tender. If you are looking for a thick American style steak, this is not the sandwich for you. It was tasty and the flavors were not leaning towards any extremes. Another friend and I shared the tasting plate and an order of the yuca al mojo o frita. We were warned that the tasting plate was small and might not be enough for the two of us. If it wasn't so late, or if I was really hungry, I would understand why, but neither of us were looking for a full meal. The sampling of pork, beef, chicken, mixed rice and black beans, fried plantains, and salad was enough to satisfy. The two slices of lechon asado were tender and moist. The pollo tequila was ok, but nothing special. The ropa vieja was the stand out dish. It was flavorful without being overbearing and went well with the rice. The plantains were crispy at the edges, soft and moist on the inside, sweet, but came in three small pieces. At $14.95, if you are super hungry, it would be upsetting to see. The yuca were probably my favorite part of the whole meal. A strong garlic flavor was present in every bite while the flesh of the tuber was soft, moist, and picked up the essence of the olive oil. 

Overall I found elements of each dish that I liked, but as a whole it was mediocre. I would come again because I did not get a chance to scout out the arroz con pollo.
Random meeting up with friends and found this magical joint when our original restaurant was closed for Sunday.

From the outside this cafe looks like a ghetto bail bonds fast food take out.  But when you walk into the cafe you smell the amazing food and the decor is a cafe in Cuba.  At 2:00pm on a sunday this place was buzzing with people.  I ordered the picture on the front page of the menu.  Some kind of roast pork.  My girl friend and her boy friend ordered the tasting plate to share and got a side of the Lamb appetizers.  The bread is buttered and crunchy.  My fav!  My Pork meal was delicious!  The meat was tender and juicy.  Full of flavor.  Comes with rice and beans and a side salad.  The tasting plate was pretty good.  Comes with the pork also and two other meats, rice&beans, salad, and plantain.  The Lamb chops (2 pieces) was what stole the show.  We ordered medium and it came medium rare.  How lamb so be.  Flavor again was out of this world.  Lamb is my favorite thing to order but also the hardest thing to get right.  They lamb is great.  5 stars!

Service is friendly and warm.  Lunch for 3 $43+tax and tip...$54
I read some of the mediocre reviews on this place and I must say I'm stunned. I can't help but feel that these reviews came from yelpers who aren't too knowledgeable on Cuban food or really appreciate it.... at the risk of sounding opinionated... this place is above mediocre and I have pretty high standards with Cuban food coming from NYC area ;). 

If it's your first time trying Cuban food, I definitely recommend their tasting plate. Comes with a little bit of everything. Food is fresh, flavorful, and filling. Service was friendly and the environment felt more intimate than American restaurants.... almost like dining in a private room with your close and extended family members. The workers are very patient and helpful with whatever alterations and/or questions you may have. 

If you don't want to spend $$$ on lamb, they have the appetizer portion, which was perfect to have on the side of our tasting plate. All of the meat is incredibly tender! 

My friend from LA said that it was the best Cuban restaurant she's ever been to... and we will definitely be going back.
Where do I begin? I live in hendo and my bf has been dying to go here for almost 2 years. But as the story goes by the time we'd remember it or see it, we'd already eaten. So finally yesterday afternoon after picking him up from the airport his we saw it... like a beacon in the night! CUBA CAFE! He was soooo excited. Finally! he was getting to eat at the place he'd wanted to eat @ for SO Long!

We walked in, very small - feels like you're in someone's living room its that small. Purple, pink, blue and green walls. about 4 tables - pretty much slow looking. Perfect. He ordered some kinda Cuban Pasta dish. I ordered the classic cuban sandwich since I was pretty hungry I didn't want to order anything that was too complicated or took too long to cook. It was about 820 pm. 

JUST BREAD AND WATER: We got our water, free circle cuban bread - pretty good but I didnt want to fill up on bread b/c my sandwich had bread and i"m trying not to eat carbs for dinner.. only for brkfast or lunch.  So we wait and we wait. and WAIT. and wait some more. 

OTHER TABLES: A couple comes in. They sit. They order, they drink. they eat. They finish and they leave. Sitting right next to us mind you. . The 2nd couple comes in - they sit, they order, they're eating... Then the 3rd guy.  a lone ranger guy comes in and orders an appetizer but doesnt eat it.. They i see a plate coming out thinking ooh its finally us.. nope it goes to appetizer guy who has a full plate of appetizer and ISNT EATING IT.. get's a 2ND PLATE!!!

then it happened... THE CAMEL. THE STRAW.  IT BROKE. 

My Bf and I shot up simutaneously. That was it. That finally did it. ARe you FREAKING KIDDING ME??  3 tables that walked in AFTER US were already eating. and it wasnt like we got there at the same time. Lone ranger guy walked in a good 25 min. after we got there. after 45 we had flipped a coin to decide if we stayed or left. Eventhough "leaving" won the coin toss I decided I was hungry and we'd already waited this long, I felt bad that the food was in preperation, how do you leave? Do we just ask how long? Do we politely tell them to withdraw the order? Do we just bail? What's the protocol? I'd never waited that long in such an empty restaurant. 

But the second lone ranger got his appetizer and his dinner and the couple that walked in 15 min. after us had come, eaten and left 10 min. ago.. and yet another couple was already eating their dinner too.. was just oo much to bear. We asked our spanish only speaking server what did we owe her for the bread and water - she asked if we didn want our order? 

my bf told her in spanish (beware if you dont speak spanish...this could pose a problem during ordering as it did for me) we've already waited for an hour for our food. She said well pasta takes a long time - really? at my house the box says 10-11 minutes once the water is boiling. and even LESS if the pasta is fresh made which I doubt is the case. Over an hr and change for pasta and a sandwich (your most popular dish on the menu) POR FAVOR. 

Never again Cuba Cafe.. next time I want Cuban I'm going to try some place else. 

We drove down the street to Sushi Twister. sat ordered, ate and left all totalling a whopping 45 minutes. chickn teriyaki, salad, miso soup, salad, 8 pc california roll and 2 shrimp tempura - all in less than 45 min. Now that's good food and great service! see my review of them ! :)
I had been driving around looking for a Thai Restaurant for about an hour when I noticed the one next door to the Cuba Cafe.  One glance and I knew that I would skip the Thai and come here instead!  It's small, but it's a family owned and operated place where everyone is happy and friendly, the service was GREAT for me, and the food was delicious and at a VERY REASONABLE PRICE!  I had a daily special of a tilapia dish with almond sauce served with a salad and Cuban rice, dessert of a wonderful flan, and a beer for $20!  I'LL COME RUNNING BACK, with friends in tow, if possible.
Went for a quick lunch and was quite impressed. Food seemed like "fancy" Cuban. My husband had the tilapia special with an almond sauce and it was very fresh no fishy taste or smell. He loved it. I had the steak sandwich. It was tasty but didn't feel "special" next time I will get a regular Cuban dinner.  Very friendly service. The bread was excellent - a little too good I certainly overloaded on carbs!  Nice atmosphere clean restaurant.

Update: I have now eaten a variety of the regular Cuban Dinners and they are fantastic.  The empanada appetizer is also mighty tasty.  The tasting plate dinner has a nice variety of ropa vieja, pork, and tequila chicken if you are not sure what to order.
Quaint. Great place to go to when you get tired of the busy, fancy, expensive Strip. Small, quiet, clean place, with free parking on site. A busline runs on the street right across. They have a little outdoor sitting area. We went one evening in mid February. They play soft Cuban music inside. Candles on the table. We were attended to and food served just in time. The staff have Spanish/Cuban accent, dressed simply but appropriately. Food was superb, even better than a Cuban place we went to in Manhattan. Big portions. Inexpensive for what it is. We loved it. We will go back to LV just to eat here again. Highly recommended if you like Cuban cuisine, and a place simple and quaint.
Drove by accident on vacation and saw this place, and I don't typically see too many Cuban places in Vegas. 

The yuca mojo was delicious and not dry at all, with this great garlic sauce that didn't overpower the yuca but allowed you to enjoy the taste of yuca. The avocado salad was excellent. Croquettes pretty crispy and plump. The papa rellena was one of my favorites but I think the ultimate was their empandas. There were crispy, not greasy, and really packed in with meat, there were just like my home made memories but even better. 

My only complaint was that this place is awfully pricy compared to cuban places in LA, it cost almost $60 for the two of us for lunch! I mean its good but now you are just milkin the tourists.
We used a certificate from Restaurant.com to try this restaurant and I must say, "its a keeper!"  We;ll definantly go back!

We ordered the Plantain Chips with Garlic Sauce, Tasting Plate and the special, Tilapia Almondine.  All were very, very good.  The service was good and the waitress was very pleasant and attentive.  The restaurant is very clean and they were playing great Latin music.
Well as you may or may not know, I am always in search of the perfect Cuban sandwich. This place is it. While cursing down Tropicana Ave. in Vegas, I said look Cuban! We U turned and went in a well worn strip of shops and entered a new world. So clean, nice, well setup, linen, the works! and the waitress was very friendly and optimally attentive. The chicken soup with the squeeze of lime was oh so tasty. The Empanada was hot and fresh and flaky crusted and had a wonderful filling. The Cuban Sandwich was Swiss cheesy  wonderful and the pork was perfection (are you getting the idea I liked this place?). 
Go and enjoy, I know I will be coming back! 
Oh Yes, and the prices are so low! Impressed me big time. Great value and flavor and service. That is what we all want!
Well as you may or may not know, I am always in search of the perfect Cuban sandwich. This place is it. While cruising down Tropicana Ave. in Vegas, I said look Cuban! We U turned and went in a well worn strip of shops and entered a new world. So clean, nice, well setup, linen, the works! and the waitress was very friendly and optimally attentive. The chicken soup with the squeeze of lime was oh so tasty. The Empanada was hot and fresh and flaky crusted and had a wonderful filling. The Cuban Sandwich was Swiss cheesy  wonderful and the pork was perfection (are you getting the idea I liked this place?). 
Go and enjoy, I know I will be coming back! 
Oh Yes, and the prices are so low! Impressed me big time. Great value and flavor and service. That is what we all want!
Sorry Cuba Cafe, you let me down. After experiencing Cuban food in Miami I was ecstatic to see there was authentic Cuban food in Vegas that actually had good reviews. I was so excited to reminisce on my Cuban favorites. The place itself is VERY small. I would say 10 tables max. When we walked in, there was a table of 7 or 8 people and the empty tables were all missing chairs due to the shortage. Apparently this place isn't used to large parties. Thankfully there were 3 chairs left to make us a table. 

Their menu isn't HUGE but has most of the Cuban staples. Ropa Vieja was a must for me. I could eat it for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I even make it myself, however today was a day I would like to spend away from the kitchen.

We ordered the avocado salad and lamb chops to start. The avocado salad is basically just an avocado cut in slices and nicely arranged around a small cabbage and tomato salad. The avocados were tasty and soft but the salad in the middle lacked some flavor. I threw some salt on the avos and ate just them. The lamb chops (from what I heard) were very good. I don't eat lamb so I can't elaborate on this.

For entrees we ordered the ropa vieja (appetizer portion), a side of rice to sop up all the juicy goodness that comes with ropa (more on this later), a rack of lamb and the tasting platter, which consisted of ropa, a chicken dish and a pork dish. When the ropa came out, there was NO JUICE! :( I was disappointed to say the least. Every time I have made this or had this the beef was always swimming in that tasty juice. Because of this the ropa was pretty dry. The flavor was good but because of the lack of moisture I couldn't even eat it with the rice. The lamb chops (again from what I heard) were good. The spinach that comes with them, although good, had no real flavor. It needed some garlic or other flavoring. The tasting platter was good as well. The pork was fork tender, the chicken was spicy (just as my friend had ordered it), however she too stated the ropa was a little dry for her taste. 

For dessert we ordered tres leches, flan and guava with cream cheese. The tres leches tasted like store bought pound cake that had been soaked in milk. The flan actually tasted more like tres leches than the real thing. I am not a flan fan because of its texture but this was a little stiffer and more like a cheesecake. The guava with cream cheese was swimming in a sweet sauce and not what I was used to. I am not familiar with the authentic presentation of this dish, however when I dined in little cuba in Tampa, it was always served as a slice of guava paste topped with cream cheese. This was more of a runny paste soaked in simple syrup topped with a line of cream cheese.

All in all the experience wasn't horrible, however I would not go back. They messed up on the bill and overcharged us, and then when it was corrected the total was still the same. I was not going to argue over $10 so we just ignored it. The bread they give you in very good and with a $25 Restaurant.com gift certificate it was worth the try. I guess I will be searching for more Cuban restaurants in the very near future!
I order the cuban sandwich and the pan con bistec. The sandwiches were kind of dry and needed a little bit more sauce. The fried bananas with garlic sauce on the other hand were unique and tasty.
OMG!!! MMM MMM MMM MMM This place was the best meal my friends and I had during our whole Vegas trip! (a sad statement) This was our first time here and I am going to make it a regular stop on all my Vegas trips! The staff is super attentive and the food... I am still dreaming about it!! I had the fried pork with onions and moros y cristianos... man were they on point!  Oh and the toasted butter bread... I had to ask for another order!!! I cannot wait to go back to this place in May!!!
What an amazing find!!! You would never expect such great food in a strip mall. This gem really deserves to be on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives. This is the best Cuban food I have had since I left NYC in 1990. I will come back each time I am in Vegas!
After a week of the vegas strip I was ready for a change.  Somebody recommended Cuban coffee so I got out my handy Yelp, and see what I could find. 

This place is nowhere near the strip but well worth it.  Good food, friendly staff, on a very decent budget.  I tried the sampler platter and it was very good.  My first 5 stars.
the Cuba Cafe is now bigger, tougher, stronger, faster!

fyi- croquet sandwich... what an awesome creation!
Having been born in Cuba, and grew up in the wonderful USA. I have eaten many a Cuban meal. And this place is fantastic if your looking for some Cuban Food
Great
I recently read a review on Yelp of the Cuba Cafe.  It's been a long time since I had good Cuban food, and I decided to give this place a try.

I ordered the tasting plate to get an overall of their food.  The tasting plate consists of three meats--lechon asado, pollo tequilla, and ropa vieja.  The lechon was tender and juicy but I didn't get any of the garlic taste that the menu speaks of under that plate.  The pollo was very good and the sauce on it had a nice kick.  Far and away the best part of the plate was the ropa vieja.  This was juicy, tender, and very flavorful.  Along with the plate was a small salad and some rice and beans, the well known moros y cristianos.  There was a basked of cuban bread with the meal also.

For dessert, I had the guava shells with cream cheese.  I had iced tea and it was refilled promptly.  Service was very friendly.  A man and a woman were covering the tables and they worked well in tandem.

I really enjoyed Cuba Cafe and will be back with my wife.
I've been coming here for years, and so happy for them that they moved into a bigger place- but still in the same shopping center.

The pollo and camarones al ajillo are AMAZING. I usually get a pan con bistec at cuban places, but it's dry here so I get the chicken sandwich and it's always juicy and flavorful. Ropa vieja is fantastic, the cuban sandwich is the best we've tried in Vegas (they use tender chunks off the bone instead of slices.) 

The coffe is INCREDIBLE, as are is the tirmasu. It's cakelike instead of puddingy, just YUM. They also have a vanilla ice cream desert with warm strawberries and cinnamon- not only is it delicious but it's perfect to share on a date.

Great food (and iced tea!) and service, definitely treat yourself!
This place is awesome. It never disappoints. From the lemonade to the "old dirty clothes!" everything about it screams Habana!
The food was great and the service was awsome. It was quite and away from the strip.
Pros: singer was very good, waitresses were attentive, food was good

Cons: location away from strip but not that far by car at all,  dark area outside by parking area feels unsafe, 

Sample platter was delicious
I have been eating here for years and the food never disappoints.  My favorites are the cuban sandwich, platanos maduros (fried bananas), croquetas(ham and beef croquettes) and carne con papas (tender beef with potatoes).  I usally have a Mamey flavored Batido (cuban style milkshake) with my meal.  Very satisfying.

The portions are a good size, the food delicious and the service awesome.

GIve them a try.  You won't be disappointed.
Even mom was surprised at how good their Fricase de Pollo, and black beans were - she is a top rated cuban chef.  We have been coming to Vegas for family reunions for longer than I would like to admit, and if you crave good cuban food in a relaxed atmosphere - this is your stop. The service is super friendly, and always very helpful with disabled visitors (mom).  The combo flan/tres leche dessert along with the mamey shake will make you forget about all the cash you have left in Vegas.  I miss their old smaller intimate location, but this new larger location alllows for larger groups.
So again following fellow Yelp reviewers you have not led me wrong.  Searching for nearby new places to eat I came along the reviews for here and decided it was time to try some Cuban food.  I have actually pulled into the parking lot thinking about trying this place one other time but didn't so I was happy to give it a shot! 

Here is a list of what we tried. 
-For appetizers (Tapas) we had Empanadas de res o pollo beef or chicken we had beef.  As one reviewer before me mentioned it was a work of art it was a light crisp crust with a very flavorful filling I could have just had a few of these for dinner.  
-Tamal criollo homemade tamale the masa was a darker color with a bit more flavor then what I have had before it was good however it was a bit dry for my taste.
-For dinner we followed other reviewers and tried theTasting plate a combo of Roos Vieja, rich spicy beef simmered with onions and peppers.  Pollo Tequila Mar chicken with herbs and a spicy tequila  sauce.  Lechon Asado marinaded pork in a garlic olive oil this was my favorite it reminded me of a well cooked turkey dinner!  Served with Moros Cristianos a black bean rice good but saved that for lunch because this is a TON of food.   Also served with Maduros ( a fried sweet plantain) 

All in all the food was good the price was fair for the serving side the ambiance was nice.  It is a busy restaurant a constant flow of people on a Monday night!  The service was good the cooking was a bit on the slow side but like I said they were very busy so I won't fault them for that because they did bring our apps before dinner so we were fine chatting while waited. 

I am going back for a lunch of a cuban sandwich soon I can't wait to try that.  I also noticed them bringing out to almost every table the Batidos a Cuban milkshake in many flavors I don't quite know how I am going to fit this all into my stomach but I am going to try.
Great place, great food. Just like every one says the tasting platter is the best, i loved the chicken and the beef, but the pork was not that good. Other than that the lamb chops were great and the stake sandwich was pretty decent.
I love cuban food and everything i've eating at Cuba Cafe is excellent.  The croquettes are great and i'm a big fan of the ropa.  Sometimes the ropa could use a little more time to cook.  The cuban coffee is a nice shot of rocket fuel too.
I gave this restaurant five stars before. The only reason I gave it a four star now its because there new bathrooms at the new location needed some attention.  It took longer to get our order this time.  They didn't ask us if we wanted the tab split knowing there were two couples. Made it akward when we had to split the tab.  They need to hire another waitress even though the one they have now is pretty good but she might need some help on the busy hours now.  The food is still the same! WONDERFUL!  Love it.  They did raise a couple dollars here and there but the porpotions where still the same.  We will always hit this restaurant we just hope they keep improving for the better.
Was the only white person in there, stared at right away, WHATEVER! my money is jsut as good as the other peoples right?! food was MEH. bread was stale and toasted. not a nice combo. meat wasnt well cut, or seasoned. The fresh flowers were a nice touch, but thats about it.
**Summary**
       - Authenticity - I've tried about 4 other Cuban places around the valley and I like this one the best. The food has a home cooked feel.
       - Quality - Of the couple things I've tried, I couldn't say a bad thing about any of them. The meat was cooked perfectly and seasoned to perfection.
       - Area - The area is not the greatest. It's in a shadier part of town, but the food is well worth the risk.
       - Buttered Toasted Bread - They bring you this bread before your meal. It's crazy good and definitely terrible for you (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jmyvOW6G2T1fIePvajB4nQ?select=qfjltfAcu4Cqwqk6nQi2xg).
**Ordered**
       - $11.95 Lechon Asado - Leg of pork. It comes with moros (rice/black beans) and their salad. This is my favorite dish (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jmyvOW6G2T1fIePvajB4nQ?select=1cWPUf5Xc2SiGblokqdwIg).
       - $13.95 Ropa Vieja - Shredded marinated beef. It also comes with moros and their salad. Personally, I find the marinate to be too strong, but I prefer a bit more bland than others.
       - $14.95 Tasting Plate - Comes with Ropa Vieja, Lechon Asado, and Pollo Tequila with moros, salad, and plantains. If you're unsure what to order, this would be the thing to get. It has their most popular choices all in one plate (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jmyvOW6G2T1fIePvajB4nQ?select=yTPnf0qnrCcXZqoCZQBfAQ#yTPnf0qnrCcXZqoCZQBfAQ).
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a delicious Cuban restaurant. Flavorful and makes you feel like you're in Cuba eating it.
I've been coming to this restaurant since 2008- I can say I've never had a bad experience or meal. The food has always been consistently delicious, warm, and savory. My nana was Cuban and the food here brings it pretty close to her home cooked meals. The service has always been friendly and the restaurant well kept with a very inviting decor. I've recommended and brought many friends and relatives here and they have all agreed that compared to Versailles or other Cuban restaurants we have been too this is by far the Best. 

Even my Cuban friends have loved the experience and food here. Today I was back in Vegas and as is usual for me I went in for lunch with a friend who had never had Cuban food. She LOVED IT! The croquetas were delicious, as was my Picadillo (as usual) and the Salmon was exquisite. 

When we finished our meal we asked we could we go to catch a cab back to the Treasure Island, the waitress offered to call for one. After waiting no more than 5 minutes the owner Sergio- came out to try to flag one down. Since no one was stopping he then went back into the restaurant, grabbed his keys and told us: "follow me ladies I will drive you." NOW THAT'S CUSTOMER SERVICE! 

Thank you Sergio for your kindly driving us back to our hotel. We will definitely remain loyal patrons of your restaurant! Love, Angelica & DeeDee
Well my pop wanted to take me and my other 1/2 out for dinner.  I was in the mood for something other than the usual American or Chinese, so I chose Cuban and luckily for us Cafe Cuba is right around the corner.  My pop and I have had a lot of Cuban food being from South Florida, but my other 1/2 never had it..   He got Bistec con papas in a delish gravy with white rice as did my pop.  I had wonderful pork with rice and black beans flavored with bacon. Each entree came with a really nice salad with a great dressing.  It also came with fried Cuban bread slices. My other 1/2 had 2 glasses of dark rich Cuban beer and a Cuban coffee to finish the meal.  We all wanted dessert, but had no room. Everything was seasoned perfectly and cooked perfectly as well. My other 1/2 raved to the owner and the chef about the food and sopped up the remaining sauce with a 2nd basket of bread.  Our bill was under $60 and worth every penny.  We will be back soon !!  Ceviche for me next time !
Every year we go to Vegas for the holidays, and every year I make it a point to come here.  I have loved everything I have tried, the lechon asado, the bistec, the chicken, and most of all the ropa vieja.  Dishes come with "moros y christianos" the black beans and rice side dish that would be a wonderful meal all by itself.
The service is good, attentive but not overbearing, they fill your water or drink glass as needed, gently inquire if everything is satisfactory, and hover in the background waiting to fulfill any need.
The buttered toasty bread brought to the table to start is also quite good.
For dessert we had the flan, and I was also very happy with that, a perfect creamy, caramel flavor bomb.
We have a cuban place in San Diego that I visit, but this one is worth a trip of 300 miles just for the delicious food.
On a quick trip to Vegas, we were craving Cuban food.  Cuba Cafe was the closest restaurant to us that had pretty good reviews.  Definitely glad we checked this place out.  The food was great, reasonably priced and very friendly service.  If you're cool with eating at an off-strip location, go to Cuba Cafe.  You won't be disappointed!
We drove by the restaurant and decided to stop in for a late lunch with our two daughters. 

The waitress was very, very friendly and the food came quickly. The complimentary bread was outstanding and better than the bread at other area Cuban restaurants we've dined at recently. 

My wife had a sampler plate with the ropa vieja, pork, and chicken. I had the Cuban sandwich. This was some of the best Cuban food we've had outside of and including Florida ever. The food was bursting with delicious flavors. It was actually quite unbelievable how good the food was in this restaurant.  I wish we had a Cuban restaurant this great near our home. 

We intend to return again before our Las Vegas visit is complete. We'll try some of the other local Cuban restaurants, but so far this one trumps Florida Cafe, which was also good, but just not as good.
Yummy! I had been sent to a client's office nearby with a coworker and we were desperately searching for something to eat that wasn't on the strip. It was almost empty when I walked in with my coworker - there was only one table and only one other group walked in while we were there. I ordered the lamb chop tapas and platanos maduros, and my coworker ordered the bistec empanizado. 

The bread basket we got was warm and soft. I actually liked it better when it cooled down a little because the bread got crunchier. It was superrr soft  when we first got it.

My lamb chops were good, but not great. There wasn't a crust on it, and it was cooked medium instead of the medium rare I'd ordered it. I loved the plantains. 

My coworker didn't really like her steak, but that was because she's THE pickiest eater I've ever met and only really likes healthy food. Over the 3 days I spent with, I realized that she's just horrible at ordering. I tried her steak and it was perfectly fine to me. I kind of wanted some ketchup to go with it, but it was pretty much what I expected. Not too greasy and the breading wasn't soggy.
Perfection of Cuban cuisine !!
This is the best kept secret Las Vegas has to offer at the moment. I am so happy I stumbled upon this place driving in the area to visit an aquarium haha.

I ordered the Tasting Plate for $14 which was way more than enough to satiate my craving for meat. Everything was cooked to amazing perfection. The dish included a salad, some rice, three types of meat, and some fried plantains? I gobbled the whole thing up and left very full.

With that being said, don't come to this place expecting cool ambiance or stellar service or anything. This is a classic Vegas establishment that you can tell has been there for quite some time. Feels very local. 

If you are the type of person who thinks food comes first, you'll absolutely love Cuba Cafe.
Is a small place with a good food. Nothing from out of this world. Is a regular cuban food. The service is slow but good. They have a smile all the time. Had the Bistec palomilla. The maduros wasn't good. Yucca con mojo was great. Tostones was great too.
Love the inside, love the servers, the cuban coffee, pineapple soda, fried bananas, THE BREAD, just ugh - wonderful.

I am bringing everybody I know. The food has that "made in a small kitchen" quality about it and is absolutely awesome. Can't say enough good things, see for yourself.
Food was delicious, and made from scratch. It was quiet and the customer service was good. Friendly waitresses.
Returned here for lunch with a coworker.  I haven't been here in a while - but I agree with other reviewers that this place is a best kept secret in Las Vegas!  Good cuban food that you won't find anywhere else in town.  For real.  

We were able to use an Entertainment Book coupon and get one meal free, SCORE!  For as many times as I have eaten here without a coupon, it felt very well deserved.  

I seem to always gravitate to the Pan Con Bistec - a steak sandwich on cuban bread with shoestring potato chips on the sandwich!   I ordered a side of black beans, why not??  Where else would you get the best black beans but in a Cuban restaurant!  

They serve complimentary hot cuban bread that is delish!  

All in all, I've never had a subpar experience at Cuba Cafe - and I estimate I've eaten here about 15 times over the past 5 years.
It's good place. But the only thing the food don't have a lot of taste.
We ended up eating at two Cuban restaurants in one day (great planning huh) I was originally going to try the Cuban sandwich here as I thought it had to be better than previous place that I didn't even bother reviewing ($18 for a bad cuban sandwich).

Anyways, I ended up ordering the shrimp in garlic sauce with mushrooms, the wife ordered the Cuban sandwich.

Both were excellent, lot's of big juicy shrimp on my plate and a great sandwich, just the way a Cuban should be.
Excellent service and the food was wonderful. Want to go back now! Recommended!
Tried this place today and absolutely loved it! The service was good, staff was very friendly and attentive. As for the food, the ceviche was the best I've ever had and the Cuban sandwich was delicious. Will definitely be back for more!
I like Cuban food so I had to come here.  We went early on a slow night.  For starters, we got the shrimp ceviche, tapas tasting plate: 2 empanadas (chicken and beef), croquetas and mariquitas/plantain chips.  The empanadas were good and had good flavor but the crust was a tad bit thick.  The croquetas had a strong ham taste to them which was good.  The shrimp ceviche also came with plantain chips cut differently.  The plantain chips were...well, plantain chips.

For our entree, we got the tasting plate: pollo tequila, lechon asado, ropa vieja with Moros Cristianos, maduros/sweet plantains, and beans and rice.  I liked the lechon asado, ropa vieja and maduros.  The lechon was tender and juicy but I wish it had crispy skin to it.  The ropa vieja was tender and didn't lack flavor unlike the pollo tequila.  The maduros were great - sweet and was not undercooked. 

The service was not so good.  The server took our order and gave us our basket of bread and forgot about us.  She didn't check on us.  She had her shock face on when she passed by our table 20-30 minutes later and still with no food on our table.
First time eating Cuban food! Can't compare it to much, and can't specify whether it is authentic or not, but since it didn't taste much like anything else I've had before, I would think yes!

First up is the complimentary Cuban bread...yum! It was super soft, flavorful and slightly sweet... without butter! Next time I should order a plate of this and eat it for dinner lol.

I wanted to try their version of ceviche :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cuba-cafe-restaurant-las-vegas?select=ITCFfFj3Ld3slT4V0v8kyA#ITCFfFj3Ld3slT4V0v8kyA

Not sure if this is how they do it in Cuba, but there was almost no citrus flavor at all! It was good, but there was a mayo-like sauce all over it, and it didn't have that slight bite that I have grown to love in Mexican style ceviche.

We ordered the Tasting Plate appetizer platter, which came with Beef Empanadas, Mariquitas and Croquetas :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cuba-cafe-restaurant-las-vegas?select=6-X7yQIAcyAHpDA9LJwQ0A#6-X7yQIAcyAHpDA9LJwQ0A

Empanadas were good, but the Croquetas were great....filled with Ham and Beef. Empanadas were a little bready, so I didn't eat the crusts..but the insides were yummy.

And to finish, we ordered another Tasting Plate with Ropa Vieja, Lechon Asado & Pollo Tequila with Moros Cristianos and Maduros :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cuba-cafe-restaurant-las-vegas?select=KeTx5zyAkYesrDvHzq3qnQ#KeTx5zyAkYesrDvHzq3qnQ

The Pollo was ok...a little overcooked and all the flavor was in the sauce. The Lechon was good...My favorite was the Ropa Vieja! It was a rich and slightly spicy shredded beef simmered with onions & peppers. Yum!

I took off a star for service...or lack thereof.  We ordered the ceviche before the rest of the courses, and since this is "cooked" hours before, this should have been very simple to toss on a plate and send our way.  But ALL of the food showed up at once...the appetizer, the second appetizer, and the main course.  The waitress had a very surprised look when I made eye contact, and then the food came almost immediately after...something tells me it was waiting for a while.

Overall, I will still come back...but maybe Cuban food isn't for me?
I am Puerto Rican, and our food is quite similar to Cuban food. When I'm craving some good ole Criollo eatin' and my mom's not in town, I know that Cuba Cafe will fulfill my craving and leave me fat and happy and full. There are a few Cuban restaurants in Las Vegas but this one is by far the best. It's small, homey, nothing fancy, but the servers are super nice and attentive and the food is fresh and flavorful and plentiful. It's a bit slow to come out of the kitchen, but you can't rush greatness. The wait is definitely worth it, especially with a basket of warm, crusty bread and a delicious mojito. I recommend their arroz con pollo with a side of red beans and tostones. For a light lunch their Cubano sandwich is excellent. Anyone who doesn't like this place doesn't know what good Criollo food is.
Went to a late lunch based on yelp reviews and my love of Cuban food. Kinda worried when I saw the hubby and I were the only customers but in we went. 
The complimentary bread was warm, crispy yet soft, and buttered goodness! I could just eat it all day but I had to make myself stop and save room for my "tasting plate."
So, the tasting plate ($14.95) has 3 different Cuban dishes: ropa vieja, pollo tequila, and lechon asado. Served nice and piping hot, with rice mixed with black beans, a mixed greens salad with vinaigrette dressing, and fried plantains. Heavenly! Rich flavors in the beef and pork that blend nicely. The chicken was not as rich but still yummy. The meat was so tender that i just needed to use my fork to cut into it. I stuffed myself! A great price for the amount of food you get. 
Free soda refills and the staff was very nice. I left thoroughly stuffed and happy.
FAVORITE Cuban restaurant in town!
Closest to mom's cooking I've found. Tasty food! Recommend the Tasting Plate for those who are new to Cuban food. Moro, Maduros, and Ropa Vieja is the way to go!
OR Cuban sandwich is another tasty staple.
It was our first time here and we've had a hankering for Cuban food.  So we ventured off the strip and tried the Cuba Café.  What an excellent choice it was. We started with  beef empanada which had excellent flavor, next time we'll order 2 of those.  The tasting plate was delicious, next time will order just the "old clothes" as it was so great tasting. The rack of lamb was very well seasoned and plenty of food. The plantains and black beans and rice were wonderful. The tiramisu was average.  
This is a wonderful restaurant, next time we'll remember to ask for the bread that I read about, they must of forgot to give us ours. 
We'll definitely be back the next time in town!
Our friends were visiting from New Jersey, and since he's a Cuban-Haitian-American (or a Haitian-Cuban-American), his first choice is usually a Cuban restaurant (if there are Haitian restaurants, he hasn't found any yet).  It was a first visit for all of us.

We loved the ambience; it's a pretty place, and I was surprised to see only a couple of other tables occupied at prime weekend dinner time.  

We ordered a pitcher of sangria, "easy on the ice," but when the waitress brought the pitcher and it was 34 filled with ice, our collective dismay had her cheerfully going back to the bar to add more.  After that, we got the amount we'd expected from the pitcher.

I ordered the Tasting Plate - ropa vieja, pollo tequila, and lechon asado.  The ropa vieja was juicy enough, but disappointingly not very tender, but the chicken and pork were delicious.  I was glad mine came with the sweet platanos maduros, which I like much better than the starchy tostones.  Mr. G had the Pollo Tequila as a main course.  The other couple ordered steak, with a side order of tostones, and loved it.

It's a long ride from Summerlin to Cuba Cafe, but it was definitely worth the drive!
Love love love the empanadas!!! All of the food was delicious. We got the two tasting plates. The pork literally melted it was so tender. My mom loved the "old rag" meat dish. The waitress was really patient and a sweetheart. Plantains were perfect! 

The flan/tres leches pineapple dish was a major disappointment and I hate the location but otherwise yum yum!
I was hoping Cuba Cafe would be a knock-out because it is so close to home, but it came in at just A-OK after my husband and I made a special trip here to use a Restaurant.com coupon I've been holding onto for awhile now. 

In the past I have not had a lot of experience with Cuban food save for the couple times I have been to Havana Grill (which is in Henderson). The couple times I had had it I really enjoyed it, and was hoping Cuba Cafe would produce some of those same feelings. 

Let's start with the fact that the place could use a serious face lift. When we walked in I thought we had entered an Elks Lodge dining area. Have any of you out there been in an Elks Lodge with a dining area and a bar? Do you KNOW what I'm talking about? Anyway, besides the Elks Lodge feel it is also very PURPLE... purple walls, purple table clothes, purple curtains... man, I haven't seen that much purple in a long time. So the ambiance is less than appealing. How about service?

There were two people manning the floor - what appeared to be the waitress/hostess and a busser. However, the busser handled the majority of the tables. He brought our drinks, refilled our drinks, brought our food, asked us how everything was, cleared our plates. The only thing he did not do was to take our order and deliver the check. I couldn't decide who our actual server was, but the girl waitress/hostess wasn't very congenial, except for when I asked for our fried plantains to be brought out before the other food...

Speaking of food. We ordered the fried plantains as our appetizer. My husband described them as "Tasting like an onion ring on the outside and not-ripe-enough banana on the inside". He was right. The plantains were not what I was hoping for. As for main dishes I got the bistec sandwich, which is a piece of flat steak pressed with tomato, lettuce, and little potatolings that are fried with a sauce of sorts. This was a pretty good sandwich, but I wish the steak had not been as chewy/sinewy as it was. My husband, who wasn't into the whole "Cuban food" idea ordered the chicken sandwich, which was basically exactly like my bistec.

Our other side was french fries and they are nice a fat, crispy, none of them were soggy, actually quite enjoyable.

Overall with the purple dining experience and the not-so-amazing food I have to go with 3 stars. The place isn't bad and maybe I should have ordered something else, perhaps the "ropa" meat dish everyone exclaims about, but I wasn't hungry enough for a full plate. This place is so close to home I am not going to say I won't be back, but I don't think it was good enough to have me running back for seconds right away.
Cozy and delicious. I'm a huge fan of Cuban cuisine and this restaurant is pretty authentic. As you walk in, mouthwatering aroma hits you. I had the appetizer sampler and a sampler as a plate ( yeah, I'm greedy, I know) and everything was delish!
Oh! Almost forgot, they have the best yuca I ever had! I normally don't like yuca because its too dry but the one I tried here was amaze! The tostones are mad good too.
I love this place! The service is always great. The food is always amazing, and I feel just like eating at home! I always get their sopa de pollo which is amazing with great home cooked taste, and the toasted butter bread is excellent. They recently added a tapas menu which is nice because it lets you have a little bit of everything without spending too much! Mamey shake and jupina is also a must!
Very nice place. Simple but nice environment, good service and food is excellent. Highly recommend the ceviche and Argentinian steak.
Nice restaurant with friendly staff and great food. I decided to get the taster plate so I could try as many things as possible. I liked everything on the plate, but I absolutely loved the ropa vieja. I could have eaten only this and been happy. For starters we had the bruschetta and ceviche. Both were excellent. Our waitress was so nice. I will be coming back for more.
In Vegas for 7+ days and was dying for some authentic Cuban food after days of eating nothing but American food. Coming from Miami, I can say what really Cuban food taste like and this place was amazing...better then most Miami Cuban restaurants
The food had a good taste, but the pork sandwich I got was as much fat as it was meat.  My stomach was upset the rest of the day.  And I thought it was kind of ridiculous to charge $8 for a sandwich that comes with NOTHING.  Who sells a sandwich with absolutely zero sides??   Probably won't go back - too many other places that are better value and more edible.
I haven't had Cuban food often so I can't really compare this to other Cuban restaurants. I can say that the food was tasty, fresh and the service was good.

My husband and I had the two different taste platters so we could have a bit of everything. My favorite items were the pork, braised chicken, crochets and fried plantains. The crochets were the best! Oh and a great beef empanada too. 

The price was also very reasonable.
I absolutely love this place! I can not say anything bad from the toasted buttered bread basket to the ropa vieja. My new favorite is the tostones filled with ropa vieja, I can not rave enough about them. The Avacado salad is my staple, always have to have that on the table. Check out the photos, someone posted a picture of it. 
Yes the decor is very purple, and if that is important to you, check out Havana grill nice decor and drinks but the food is hit or miss.
Went here the other night as we were driving around looking for a last minute place to stop.  I love the live band, it makes for a real nice ambiance.  I ordered the sampler entree and it was tasty enough for me to want to try more things.  Although the place was not packed on Friday night, our food took a long time to arrive, as did the delicious warm bread ahead of that.  Our waitress was apologetic though.  We need to go back so I can sample more to give a more complete review.
Love their cuban sandwich. First time at the new, bigger location and it is still as good as the old spot.
This is the best Cuban Food in Vegas! Not that I'm an expert of Cuban food, but this place is awesome. The Cuban sandwich is great, the Bistec Pimienta is my favorite entree. They give you a large steak for the price, their beans and rice are super yummy. And to top it off delicious mojitos!!!
Very yummy! The inside was very quiet and intimate. Our waitress was nice, a little slow but granted there were many people there and only two waitresses working. The food came out in a timely manner and was excellent! I had the Filetillo Salteado which was sliced sirloin steak sautéed in garlic, onions, and peppers. It was delicious! I would definitely recommend it to anyone that visits!
This is one of my 1st times eating Cuban food and I have to say that it was a great experience. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. The atmosphere was very nice and I loved the Spanish music playing while we eat. I would 100% recommend and will be back again.
This is my GO TO place to take visitors from out of town.  I get them off the Strip or from McCarran and head right over.  There's not one person (out of over a dozen) I've taken who doesn't LOVE this place.  It's usually not super swamped, the concrete floor makes it a bit loud, but I don't care.  The servers are vested and lovely.  Perfect English or Spanish, you pick.  The Ropa Vieja is the best I've had, anywhere.  The combo plate is a good one for guests.  They can try the beef, chicken and pork.  If you like bread, you will find the BEST warm butter bread in Vegas (likely west of the Rockies) here.  OMG!!!!!!!  I DARE you to eat just one piece.  You can't.  Yeah, big ups to this place.  Who says that anymore?  I'm old.  Anyway, just GO.  You will LOVE it!
Got take out today.  Sandwiches are solid and plantains are worth getting.  Fries crispy 20min later.  Will repeat.
Not the best Cuban food I have had ... the lady forgot some of our oder and overpriced for what we got ... i will not come back ...
Great food and service.  If you're indecisive like me, get the tasting platter, you'll leave happy and full!
Good cuban food and good service. I would go back if I was in Vegas.
came here for lunch with a friend. both of us had never had cuban food. we got 2 tasting plates... 1 in the Tapas section which has empanadas, fried plantains, croquettes, and some other fried thing I don't recall the name. the other tasting plate had ropa viejo, lechon asada, tequila chicken, and black beans and rice. they were all very delicious. tequila chicken was surprisingly good, very tender and moist and flavorful. everything was very good. service was great as well. reason it's not 5 stars is that I wasn't blown away. however, I would bring my friends here and I'd be back.
Best Cuban food in Las Vegas. I eat here  when we visit Las Vegas. We have been coming here for the last 3 years. Everything is great here.
Are you ready to hear the craziest story? My father took me to CC for my birthday.  The place was maybe 60% filled to capacity.  I think everyone was getting their food faster than us.  What really sealed the deal was when the waitress came with a plate of food and sat at the table next to us and started eating.  We hadn't got our food yet, everyone around us had got their food and now the waitress was eating her dinner. WTF?  I gave it 3 stars because the food really is great.  The service and speed is what sucks.
Simply put, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Really good Cuban food, reasonable prices, and great staff.

My go to is the Cuban sandwich. A traditional favorite and boy is it good... And it's enough for two to share. I'll often call in my order and pick it up when I'm out and about. 

Even if it's out of your way, stop by. It's worth your time.
The food is amazing and the few block trip off the Strip is truly worth the effort. I am the type of person who will drive a hundred miles for Cuban food and to prove this point I drive 270 miles to Vegas and I go to the Cuba Cafe then go to the Strip.  If I can fit more than one trip in there I do, seriously it is that good. In fact, the most tender and delicious lechon asado I have ever tasted.  The avocado salad is a must also, the avocados are always spot on perfectly ripe and they have a great mixed salad in the middle.  Every time I go in I swear I am going to try something different but then the pork seductively calls my name and I stay with it.  

Located only 10 minutes from the Strip and just East of the airport off Tropicana Blvd this is THE go to Cuban restaurant
Our first Cuban try in Vegas and we weren't disappointed!  

Easy to find location.  Cute interior.  Nice Latin music.  

We tried the green plantains and combo ceviche for starters.  Plantains were piping hot with a butter garlic sauce.  The ceviche has a mayo dressing...different but super good.  Huge chunks of ceviche.  Gotta add the hot sauce for a little kick!

Can't decide on a main dish....??  Try the sampler like us!  It was all wonderful.  The rice and beans a perfect combo to the spicy meat.  

Oh and the gratis Cuban bread....so good and buttery!!!

Perfect place for a large group or intimate dinner!  Definitely will be back!  I want to try a specialty drink next time!
Amazing Cuban food here, with lovely staff and great vibe. We had the sopa de polls, which was fantastic.  Also the mixed cerviche,  fried sweet plantains, empanadas,  and Luchas asado, was all so delicious! 

We are planning to go back before we leave las Vegas!
Hard to find anything wrong with this place. Lechon Asado and large avocado salad for lunch, 20 bucks. Everything good. The lechon so tender and juicy. The 20 bucks was for two people. We first checked out Fat Boy and saw it was mostly take-out so went to Cuba Cafe as a backup. What a pleasant surprise. Will definitely return, again and again.
Went here with my mother for a nice dinner. The food here was excellent and seemed to be authentic! Great drinks from the bar and the price for all the food we ordered was not bad at all. I highly recommend this place to a great night of food if you're looking for Cuban.
Awesome customer service. The Cubano sandwich was good. Not the best I've ha but very good. Ambience is very desirable and they even had musical numbers.
Amazing food, we had the moros y cristianos with fry bananas AND macitas fritas. Agucado salad and cruquets . Highly recommended this place.
Love the cubano sandwich, it's exactly what it should taste like.  The Tasting Plate was good, but I would have loved the Lechon Asado, definitely. We will go back for 
more Cuban food eats!
Amazing pan con bistec 'steak sanwich' simple and full of flavor. The mojoto regular was okay but the food and service are tops. Great place to venture off the strip.
Best CUBAN food ever. This place is a family owned restaurant that is super authentic.  We have made this our necessary go to place every time we are in Vegas. Get the lemonade,  tostones, cuban sandwich,  anything! You wont be disappointed!
Great food. We've been to a bunch of Cuban restaurants in the past from Colorado to Florida and I would say that this one rates up there with the Miami Cuban places. Food was delicious and the price was great. I had the Sample Plate and it did not disappoint. My wife had the Carne con Papas and the meat was so moist and tasty. I would definitely recommend for anyone looking for good meal off the strip.
This is a long standing love of mine.  It's a Cuban restaurant that is a cross of authentic food with an upscale presentation and higher standard of service.  Yet without a higher price tag.  Imagine if Nana had taken a culinary class.  It's in a 3 star neighborhood with 4 star food.

There are mainstays like toasted Cuban pork or beef sandwiches.  Plantains, bruschetta, croquetas and the lot are all there.  The other tapa sized dishes include 2 lamb chops that are so savory, shrimp and Mahi ceviche and a masitas fritas pork medalion with a nice texture to it as well.

As far as the mains you can't go wrong with the Lechon Asado, easily my favorite main.  So tender and dripping with some kind of delicious sauce with rice black beans and that really fresh tasty salad.  Mix all these in each bite and it may become a favorite for you too.

The Camarones Al  Ajillo is a Cuban twist on scampi lemon buttery sauced GIGANTIC shrimp with black beans and rice.  Better than any description I could ever attempt to give.

Not too fond of the Ropa Vieja.  A shredded beef and sautee'd peppers and onions. 
It must be an authentic dish.  It's not bad I may just be spoiled by the other courses. 

You can't go wrong with an espresso and a Leche Flan or Tiramisu for dessert afterwards.

You wont break the bank here and you will be satisfied.  I still taste the savory and decadently rich sweetness of the meals here.
Mmmm Meat. I've only been to Cuba Cafe for lunch, but it's a pretty great lunch place. I am still trying to get my south florida native husband to come with me and offer a final verdict (I'll update the review when I do), but for my midwestern money, this is pretty darn tasty cuban.

If you can't decide between ropa vieja and lechon asado, you can get both with the tasting plate. The buttery bread that comes free is sort of ridiculously delicious for just bread and butter. I don't even know what they do to it. 

The plantains, both sweet and savory are wonderful; I've gotten soggy tostones at other cuban places not in florida, and these are crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and come with a garlic oil that's meant for slatherin'.

Pros;
- Very tasty food, very friendly staff that will translate and recommend for your incredibly white co-workers without embarrassing anyone.  
- Prices are pretty affordable for the amount and quality of food; it's a ton of protein and greens, so it's definitely not fast food pricing. 
- Never feel sick after eating here, even if I eat way too much. It's also possible to find Low Carb options if you can resist the bread and plantains. Good luck with that?
- Easy parking in a location easy for locals.

Cons:
- At least at lunch time, the restaurant is a little on the dark side. It can be a little hard to see your food.
Great place to eat
I was told to check if out by a friend of mine 
And great surprise
Great vibe great food 
Not expensive and authentic taste
I also had the pleasure for take away ;)
Would always recommend and sometimes live music too ,,,ask
I have been here several times over the years when visiting Vegas and I have always had great food.  I now live here and just ate here tonight and it was still as good as I remembered!  Food was great and the service very courteous.  I don't worry about spending my paychecks at the casinos but I do worry about spending them all at Cuba Cafe, I would eat here every night if I could.
Off the freeway and near the theater is Havana Grill, a Cuban-style restaurant that offers free salsa lessons on Sundays and live music on Friday and Saturday nights.

The BF and I went there for dinner last night and I think it's fair to say, this was my first Cuban experience.  

Of all the Cuban-style milkshakes ($4.95) to try, the guanabana was recommended and it was a fabulous choice!  It was sweet, not overly milky, and a nice finish to my dinner.  The BF tried their version of the  Caipirinha (Cachaca, a Brazilian Rum, simple syrup and limes) $7.95.  

Some buttered press-grilled bread was placed before us in a basket as we perused the menu.  For our aperitivo (appetizer), we tried their Mini Sandwich Cubano $6.95.  It's a smaller version of their Cuban sandwich and it's made with tender roasted pulled pork, sliced ham, cheese, dill pickles and mustard on Cuban bread.  It's then press-grilled and served with mariquitas (fried thin green plaintains) or french fries.  It also comes with a garlic lime dipping sauce.  Don't be foolish and get french fries now, go for the plaintains for sure!  

Thus far, our experience at Havana Grill was garnishing a 4 star and I was excited about our entrees.  

The BF had their Boliche Mechado ($14.95), which is slow-cooked roasted eye of the beef round, stuffed with chorizo (Spanish sausage).  It's served with white rice, black or red beans, or moros.  He had them with moros.  The dish was luke-warm and lacked flavor.  If anything, it had an odd plastic wrap aftertaste that didn't fare well.  Same with the moros.  The BF ended up dousing the whole thing with hot sauce.  (I should mention that the waiter commented that this was his favorite dish, so I can only imagine his horror when we covered the whole thing with hot sauce!)

I tried their version of the Lechon Asado ($14.95), which is leg of pork that is slowly oven-roasted and marinated in a mix of lemon, garlic, lime, orange juice and spices.  There are also onions that are mixed into this dish.  I had this with white rice and red beans.  Although my pork was also luke-warm, it was tender and not dry at all.  It had a lot more flavor that the other dish, although my red beans need some kick as well.

Overall, we were more impressed with our Cuban sandwich than our entrees.  Service was okay.  The waiter did come by often to ask how our meal was, but we did have to request that our water glasses be refilled.  Although they didn't advertise that there was live music on a Wednesday night, apparently there was a group practicing that evening.  It might be too loud to carry on a regular conversation when music is being played.  But then again, we figure we might come back to try out their free salsa lessons and grab some other apertivos instead of doing dinner.  Salsa anyone?

Sidenote: "The Las Vegas Weekly" offers a BOGO free entree coupon (up to $15.00).
In progress...

Croquetas

JB: Sandwich Cubano

GA:  Lechon Asado, Mojito

Great live music and dancing.
I'm so full I don't know what to do. 
I just ate more than I should have. Luckily it was so good, and really pretty healthy that I don't feel so bad. I got the pounded chicken with lemon and other yummy spices. With an appitizer of little mini cuban sammies and it was a meal. 
Then I just couldn't pass up a bite of homemade flan. Now you know what kind of horror I'm in for. 
Ugh, oh well it was so amazing that I can't wait to go back to have some more of that yummy smashed bread and another mojito and try another entree. 
SO YUMMY!!!!!
Great Cuban sandwiches and Mojitos. The outdoor patio seating is fun, because you can make fun of all the weird little kids hanging around in front of the movie theaters with their pants hanging off, and their hoods on, even though its 118 degrees out...Not that I'm judging them. I have one of my own at home (kid, not a hoodie).  :)  I have been there several times and usually get the mini Cuban sandwich, and Plaintain chips. They have a name, but I cant remember it unless I am looking at the menu. The menu is quite extensive, but if your drinking the mojitos, and I recommend it, you wont need much to eat.  And the more you have, the weirder those kids get...:)
Awesome arroz con pollo y frijoles! nice mojitos, friendly staff, good ambience and live Salsa music. Increible!
Came here because friends found it on Yelp and wanted to try. We went for Sunday lunch and lucky us! Everything was 50% off. (I think the deal was 50% off everything Sunday-Tuesday or something like that.)

They started us off with bread - slickity buttery bread but oh so warm. They kept it coming too, which is always a plus in my book. I ordered something quite expensive - some pork dish marinated in citrus with yucca smothered in cheese. I couldn't taste the citrus-ness of the pork, the yucca was sooo good but really oily, and let's just say cold cheese isn't exactly tasty either. But pork was really tender, and the moros was delish. I tried some of my friends' foods and they were really good, so I probably just ordered wrong. They also had quite a bit of food for vegetarians (half of our group were vegetarians). Service was pretty prompt with the water and the "how's everything going" checking. Overall, I could really see myself going back here and giving it another try. Needless to say, the 50% off price didn't hurt either. =)
I love love Cuban food so I was thrilled that there was a place so close to me.  Unfortunately, this place was a big letdown.  I've gotten food here twice and both times were mediocre at best.  I ordered the cuban sandwich the first time and the fillings looked as though they were just thrown in.  And they forgot my fries and when I asked for them, I got a side of cold, limp ones.  Next time, I got the lechon asado and it was really fatty (I know this isn't a lo-cal dish, but there was almost more fat than meat), the sauce was really bland (couldn't even taste the bitter/sour orange) and the onions were cooked until they were mushy.  Also, the servers weren't very friendly during either visit (big negative for me).

This is very sad since I was really hoping for the best for Havana Grill.
I started off with a Saoco (silver rum, coconut juice, simple syrup, lime; $7.50). It just tasted like a non-minty mojito. All of my guy friends got different mojitos. We all took our first sip and cringed. "Too sweet," was the consensus. I looked over at the bar and my suspicions were confirmed: girl bartender. But still, the drinks were good. Didn't stop us from ordering three more rounds. 

I also got a Cuban milkshake. My Cubano friend recommended the guayaba and guanabana mix ($5). He said the flavors separate are shit. But with their powers combined are mighty yummy. Might yummy indeed. I can't describe the flavor accurately. It was kind of cakey, but still tropical. Maybe a little banana-ish. 

We ordered the tostones. They're like little griled plantains with cheese and your choice of meat: shrimp, ground beef, or shredded beef. We got the Mezcla de Tostones ($11), a combo of all of the meats. They were okay. 

I ordered the Camerones al Aljillo ($19). A bit pricey for garlic shrimp. It was good, but with a recipe like shrimp, garlic, and butter, it had better be good. 

Cubano said the food was authentic and made him nostalgic for his madre's home cooking. I'll have to take his word for it. 

The service was a little slow. It was nice when we wanted to just sit around and shoot the shit, but not nice when we wanted to order another round or get the check. 

Havana Grill has live entertainment late on Fri and Sat nights and free salsa lessons Wed night. 

* off the strip, non-casino
I love this place. Their food is delicious. FRICASE DE POLLO CON PAPAS A LA HAVANERA is my favorite dish. I also like their cuban sandwich. Their rice is also very good. I like their banana chips too. On the weekends before, they had live band performing and salsa dancing at night time. The service is friendly and atmosphere is nice too. It's now 30% off at lunch time.
Nice place, check, good mojitos, check, check, good service, triple check.  Aaaand they play live music after 11pm and have room to dance on Fridays.  Lechon Asado, mmm, yummy.  Fried yucca (manioc/casava) with mojo, even yummier.  Paella, very good.  Great time, great looking restaurant.  I'm a happy camper.
I love love love this place.  We just came here for drinks, and I'm so glad we did! The Mojitos were perfect and the bartender was giving us samples of different flavors of Mojitos and offering suggestions from the menu.  I ended up ordering a salad which was pretty tasty...I can't wait to come back and try other things on the menu.  The atmosphere and music were perfect, and there was a hot guy smoking a cigar and drinking a Corona...it just looked right!
After reading some of the other reviews, I see that my mistake when visiting the Havana Grill was that I did not drink that evening. You need to drink the mojitos if you come here. Drink several before you order. Then perhaps you will not notice that the plantains are hard and cold, and that the service staff, though very courteous and amiable, are poorly trained and don't really get the basics of how to provide restaurant service. Maybe it was just the night I was there.

The atmosphere is lovely, though. Except for when the busboy was vacuuming the entrance way.
Going off the strip in Vegas, you'll find a lot of restaurants especially in the same complex as Havana Grill.  There is apparently life outside of Vegas.  Naive me!  In this complex, there are restaurants that offer Lebanese, Vietnamese, Chinese, and other cuisines, especially Cuban.  We decided to go Cuban and what a find this place is!

I ordered number #73, which is some chicken dish topped with caramelized onions, served with moros (rice combined with black beans).  I ordered this because I looked around and saw a rice and chicken dish and since my wife was ordering the chicken & rice dish, I didn't want to order the same thing.  I was glad I ordered this one because this is a very very good dish.  The chicken was very flavorful and tender.  The rice mixed with black beans is a unique dish and has excellent flavor.

The arroz con pollo (chicken with rice) dish however, was a major disappointment.  The chicken was hidden underneath all the rice and was flavorless.  The rice, although flavorless, kinda grows on you, but that's not really a positive.  The only good thing from the dish was their platanos or fried plantains.

The atmosphere was great and the service was excellent.  The lovely waitress, Alejandra was ultra attentive and nice.  We would definitely consider coming back.
Positives: the drinks are great and the bartender was very friendly and offered great suggestions.  Also, the drink prices are pretty reasonable.

Negatives: ummm, the food.  Tried the lechon asado and it was missing the "lechon."  It wasn't tart at all!...it was actually kind of sweet.  That definitely threw me off.  Just weird.  And the rice was cold and hard.  My friend got the chicken and rice and her dish was cold as well.  The rice lacked the bright saffron color you would expect and was oversaturated with the cooking liquid.  She ate about three bites and quit.

Even though the drinks are pretty good and the decor is nice, I don't think I'll be back.
Wow.  All I can say was TOTALLY DISAPPOINTING!!!  

I went in a large party of 12 and it was clear from the beginning we were going to have a problem.  We were seated at a table with only 9 seats and when we moved the next table over to make the extra spaces, the waiter quickly ran over and told us he needed those seats.  We mentioned our reservation was for 12 people, not 9, and he grudgingly backed off.  We asked before we ordered if it were possible to do several small checks since many of our party members only had debit cards, but the waiter refused saying the most he could do was split the table in half and do 2 checks.  He was CLEARLY not capable of handing a large party, or didn't care about his service since he would get his 18% gratuity anyway, but he couldn't even get who asked for WATER correctly.  I got a watery Arnold Palmer about 15 minutes after I ordered it, and my husband got a flat Long Island Iced Tea (after being brought a regular iced tea incorrectly).  The remainder of my group who had ordered cocktails said they were quite good, so we will give them that positive mark.  

After the insanity of ordering, which emphasized my concern the waiter couldn't handle the table of 12, a different waiter brought out the food in no particular order and began saying in spanish what the food was.  We had to go back to the menu and ask WHAT NUMBER the food was to figure out whose it was. The food did arrive very quickly which was its only positive factor IMHO.  I had seafood paella that looked fabulous, but tasted like something I could have made at home out of a box of rice-a-roni with a few crab legs and a lobster tail on top.  For $28.95 I was really expecting to be blown away. The consensus among the other party members was, eh ok, not terrible, not stellar.  

We were not offered dessert and the check was brought immediately after the table was cleared.  I definately felt we were being hurried out, though when it took the waiter nearly 20 minutes to bring back the change, I wasn't sure what the problem was.

Honestly for a $60 total for me and my husband, and what was well over a $300 bill with both checks combined, we should have had much better service, even if the food was just ok.  i do not recommend this place and the only reason it even gets a star at all was the assertions of my other group members their food was edible.
Just about the only thing I enjoyed about this place was the drinks. I had a sip of just about everyone's drink, and they were all pretty tasty.

I dined with Emily E. (below, in the party of 12), and I agree with everything she said.

While the food wasn't bad, it was not worth the price -- $65 for my husband and me. I have no problem paying for quality, but Havana Grill simply wasn't worth it.

The waiter was downright rude at times. I felt he didn't put much effort into service because he knew he was getting 18 percent gratuity (not what I would have left by any means had I the choice).

I am sad there aren't many Cuban restaurants in town, as I long for the authentic fare I ate in Miami two years ago. Looks like we locals just won't get the chance to experience something better.
2 people, 1 order of vaca frita (yes that is fried cow), a side of yucca with mojo, and a side of sweet plantains, and you got yourself a MEAL!  I have had a few drinks here which are decent, but I love the food.  
I came here once after work to satisfy an extreme craving for yucca with mojo...the waitress was amused.  The owner or manager came and explained to me the twice-cooking process of yucca so I can learn how to make it myself.  He also told me where to get the ingredients for mojo and what they are.  I was pleased!
This is a fun place to go with friends and there are salsa dancing lessons offered in evenings!
I have eaten here three times, trying to give the restaurant another shot after previous visits. I have not returned since then. My cuban sandwich was rather dry, nothing inside the sandwich only the meat. Bread was ok, but could have been fresher. The side dishes could also be fresher, since you can taste the reheated food and hardly any taste. Beans a bit salty; fried plantains lacked salt, we had to add it; portions kind of small for the price charged. Food needs more flavor, in general.  The place is good for entertainment and drinks; after the drinks, you won't tell the difference on the flavor of your food!
First, the food is average. It would be okay if it weren't so expensive. Basically this place has a "hole in the wall" menu with "sit down restaurant" prices.  For instance, you'll order some rice and beans with a little meat,  tostones and a beer that should  cost no more than $10 and here its going to cost your more like $30. 

All of this would would garner them a 3 star review perhaps. But I had a had my credit card number stolen at the restaurant. After paying with my card, about a week later I learned that my card had been duplicated, and approximately $1000 of gas, food and Bachata concert tickets had been purchased on the counterfeit card. My credit card company spotted the activity. And I figured out that it happened at Havana Grill. 

So pay with cash or follow the waiter to the cash register and keep an eye on your card.
THis is one of my favorite places.

LOVE the food,  even though I always just order the same thing, cuban sandwich. and love the long strips of plaintains instead of fries.

the drinks are good.  service at the bar is better than table waiters.

on Fri and Sat nites,  LATE like after 11pm,  the music rocks and after 12 gogo dancers come out, (surprising i know, but adds to the fun atmosphere).

I found the prices fair for the size of the portions.  

still waiting to have the discounted lunches.
The best Cuban food in town!!! Very authentic!! Excellent service, the owner is always greeting the customers.  I reccomend it to anybody who likes caribbean food.
I consider to be the best Cuban restaurant in Vegas. It is a bit of a haul for us considering that its sister restaurant, Florida Cafe, is located less than ten minutes from our house, but the food at Havana Grill is a lot better for some reason and therefore worth the drive. Though the service isn't super speedy, you are perfectly occupied with slices of buttered and grilled cuban bread you will need to restrain yourself from finishing. After limiting myself to one piece (ok, one and a half), I had my favorite dish, the ensalada playera ($10 for lunch), which I was glad to see served on a regular plate rather than the ridiculous and impractical shell-shaped bowl it previously was served in. This salad contains small succulent shrimp, ripe avocado, baby tomatoes, roasted red bell peppers, and sliced red onion atop a bed of beautifully assembled mixed field greens, and is served with a mojo dressing that is wonderfully pungent with lemon and garlic. It reminds me of a salad you can get at a good cafe in California where fresh and healthful ingredients parallel intense flavor and a sense of hearty satisfaction. I have no complaints whatsoever about the salad because it is exactly the kind of food I like to enjoy. If you are looking for something a bit more filling without feeling stuffed, however, you should get what my husband got, the pollo alla plancha ($10 for lunch). This is a thinly pounded chicken breast grilled to perfection and served with sauteed onions. The onions could definitely be sauteed longer to get some nice caramelization, but the chicken is great and the accompanying 'moros y cristianos' (black beans and white rice) are to die for! The flavors of the latter meld together with bits of tender pork to create a Cuban staple you'll want to eat over and over again.

Another item we usually get is the Cuban sandwich. In case you've never had one, a Cuban sandwich consists of sliced ham, roast pork, pickles, and swiss cheese pressed on a white Cuban bread loaf spread with mustard until it is warm and melty. The version here is well-executed and tasty, and, although I've had better in New York, we haven't found another in town that compares. They offer it in a half size as well, which would be enough for an appetizer for two or a small meal.

Although the food prices here are fairly reasonable for what you get (dinner gets more expensive), drink prices are absolutely not. Even the Strip can't get away with charging $6 for a Miller Lite, unless perhaps you are at one of the best restaurants, and they generally don't even serve Miller Lite. Even worse, the beer at Havana Grill doesn't come to the table icy cold. Perhaps they are trying to give you a taste for authentic Cuban refrigeration temperatures, but at these prices I want refrigeration you can expect at a Ritz Carlton (or any decent bar). Anyhow, just thought I should let you know what you're in for before you get the bill.
I just went to Havana Grill for the first time and sadly it will be my last. I did not personally get to order any of their food off of the menu, however I did get to try their free bread they give you before your meal is delivered and I have to say that was tasty. I also ordered their passion mojito and that was good albeit pricey. 

My bad experience was with the staff of the restaurant. We were in a semi-large group of people sitting on the patio, ordering lots of appetizers, food and alcohol. Apparentely there was an incident up front with one person of our group (who wouldn't turn his hat around) and they kicked him out. We had no idea that incident took place and the General Manager stormed back to our table and told us to all leave. We were treated so horribly and were being screamed at by the GM (can you say embarrasing?!) and we had no clue what was even going on. We had to leave that second with our drink cups full, food still on our plate AND still had to pay our bills with the 18% gratuity conveniently tacked on the check. 

I have filed a complaint with the owner and will never step foot in there again. If you are brave enough to give it a shot then I can only hope your experience is better than mine. Such a disappointment...
Stopped in at Havana Grill for lunch this past weekend. It made high marks for simple and flavorful food, friendly service and a pleasant atmosphere. We started with the Papas Rellenas, which were surprisingly flavorful, even with the heavy potato on the outside. 

I ordered the Pollo A La Plancha as my entrée, which was basic but delicious. The onions were cooked just enough to take out the bite but still remain a little crisp, the chicken was moist, and the black beans and rice were the perfect compliment. 

I definitely plan on going back soon. Especially since Happy Hour is 4-9 PM every day!
Delicious Cuban food and great salsa music. If you are looking for a Latin night when visiting Las Vegas, call them, it's great. Nice place and friendly people.
My friend had eaten at this restaurant before and ordered a roasted pork entree and he didn't like it.  However, he wanted to give it another try yesterday so we decided to go.  I was in a pissy mood, so I already doubted that this place would be any good, however, I was taught to try something at least three times before I 'X' it out of my life.  

After glancing through the menu, nothing seem appetizing to me.  Then, I remembered that Cubans are known for their cuban sandwiches, and found it under the appetizer section ($7).  Then glance down the menu some more, and saw the pork and corn meal tamal ($5).  Glance down a little more, there is a whole appetizer plate with both of these items on there, plus chicharrones and croquetas (all for $15).  Of course then I ordered the appetizer plate, and that put a smile on my face because it was YUMMY.  There is this dipping sauce that came with the plate, made everything exponentially YUMMY.  Oh, almost forgot, there were fried plantains as well.  

My friend ordered the shrimp ajillo, that was alright, maybe because there was so much more flavor in the appetizer plate.  Because it was so yummy, I ordered the red sangria ($5), and boy was I glad to order it.  Also, they give you a basket of fresh warm bread with a moist center, and just enough butter to make it delicious.  

I would definitely come back to this restaurant for some more of those appetizer and sangria!
I have been coming here for about three years now since it is right next to the movie theater. I have eaten there twice and each time I was pleased with the meal. I actually don't really remember what I had there since it's been a while but I know I had no complaints. When I come here it is mainly for the mojitos. I enjoy them tremendously, however I am not some mojito connoisseur or snob.... they are just delicious, refreshing drinks and this place offered the best and reasonably priced. The staff is nice and it isn't unheard of to get a free drink or two if you're ordering drinks and having a good time. I will continue to frequent Havana Grill.
I love Havana grill!!! Although I always order the same things.... It's awesome. The fried plantines, and the cuban sandwhiches are my faves. The service is friendly everytime I go there, and the atmosphere is really nice. The only thing I wish was that the food was cheaper so I could go there more often!! =)
This is a very nice restaurant and latin night club. The food is excelent, and so is the service. On weekends we have had so much fun, dacing to latin music. Great place to eat, and have fun.
Not my favorite. I didn't really know what to expect in Cuban food, but I do know that I had it one memorable time at Cha Cha Cha in Haight -Ashbury, San Francisco, so I was excited to see a fun looking Cuban restaurant near my new place. However, it was a little bit bland for my liking, literally lacking in taste. I could see potential for the atmosphere being fun with mojitos and dancing in the late hours, but it's a no for dinner. I had the "camarones al ajillo" which are large prawns sauteed in olive oil, garlic, and white wine. Didn't taste like anything I couldn't make myself.  My date ordered "lechon asado" which was a slow-roasted pork dish, but again totally lacking in flavor, with just a boring side of rice and beans. My favorite was the cuban sandwich appetizer with plantain chips, tasty, but not something I've been craving ever since. Sorry Havana Grill, you have yet to impress
I absolutely adore Cuban food! I'm no expert by any stretch of the imagination, but I know what I like. And what I like is some vaca frita. The version at Havana Grill ($12 during lunch) is excellent -- finely shredded beef slow roasted with garlic, salt, lemon, lime and plenty of spices then seared. mmmm... It's so mouth-wateringly good. The best part are the few pieces of beef that were seared too long, making them extra crispy. It's served with rice and black beans.

Because of some of the similarities between Cuban food and the food my mom used to cook, this -- to me -- is comfort food. It's the kind of food that reminds me of home and instantly puts a smile on my face. After taking a few bites of the vaca frita I wanted to pound the table and tell anyone around me how good it was. But, I was eating an early lunch and there was no one else in the dining room.

After cleaning off the plate, I finished the meal with some flan ($4). It's a fairly large portion, needlessly served with whip cream and a cherry on the side with some chocolate sauce drizzled around the plate. All that stuff is unnecessary because it doesn't add anything to the flavor. The flan itself was decent, but c'mon... it's not better than my mom's. Its consistency was way too firm.

The next time I need a pick-me-up I'll be back. There's plenty of dishes on the menu I need to try.

4.5 Stars
Just got done with lunch here.  This is the thired time that I have been here.  we go because we love Cuban food, but I do not think that I have ever had what I would consider to be a good "Cuban Meal" here.  Today I ordered the Bistec de Palomilla.  The meat was either under seasoned or not seasoned at all.  It came to the table, "just warm" covered in onions. It seemes that a dish like this should come with chimichurri sauce.  I also ordered the Mariquitas, which is thin sliced fried plantains.  These came out cold, like they have been made hours ago and just put onto a plate.  I have had these in several places before where they come out piping hot, fresh, and amazinly good....but not here.  I have to tell you that the best and freshest thing that was on my plate seemed to be the white rice.
Great food and great service! Havana Grill, your food doesn't hold a candle to my moms authentic Cuban cooking but it's the next best thing! Love the place!
Well what can I say Havana Grill is GREAT!!! I love the food, of course it's not like my mother-in-laws authentic Cuban food; but still the food is delicious.
My hubby and I decided to stop here for a bite before catching a flick at Colonnade next door. We didn't want to fill up too much before the movies , what were we thinking stopping here first? This place has good Cuban fare with a range of six different flavored mojito's to wet yer whistle . We ordered a few scrumptious appetizers , one being Tostones which are green fried plantains with camarones or shrimp, shredded and ground beef. These were different but delicious with a tomatillo salsa on top . I chose the chorizo Frito which was spicy Spanish fried sausage. We thought we might want more so we decided to have the Sopa de pollo, which is a delightful version of chicken soup , with potatoes and fresh squeezed lemon , I have had this before and wish I could take home containers of it every time I feel a hangover coming on . I mean I have had cravings for it ! There is a zesty spice to it that is amazing. Needless to say we pushed the limit leaving little to no room for crappy movie food. But what can I say my taste buds are growing a bit more refined. Love this place which is the sister to Florida cafe on Las Vegas boulevard. This place is great for a quick bite or large groups wanting to party , you will get a great buzz and want to salsa In your seat!
This is my second favorite restaurant in town, and rates in my all time top ten! The did is excellent. The staff is nice. Three ambience makes you feel like you're out someplace special and the live music on the weekends is great fun. You just have to check this place out.
I went here for a friend's birthday and we had a blast! I made reservations for 10 people and the staff was very accommodating with a large group.Happy hour was until 7 pm so we enjoyed some refreshing pre-dinner mojitos for about $4 each.

Most of our group were Cuban food rookies and our waiter was gracious enough to provide recommendations and explain the menu. He suggested we get an appetizer sampler which came with a tamal, mini Cuban sandwich, croquettas and lots of other goodies. This was my favorite part of the meal.

I ordered lechon asado which was so tender and flavorful. Several in my group ordered Ropa Vieja which literally translates to old clothes. It is a traditional Cuban dish that has shredded beef in a tomato sauce. It tastes like Filipino menudo to me with a twist. We had some fried plantains and yuca on the side.
All of us were full and satisfied and had more than enough for leftovers.

I had the Orgasmo Habanero for dessert simply because of the name! It has three layers - chocolate, tres leches and flan. It definitely lived up to it's name!

Havana Grill is a fun restaurant with friendly and attentive staff. I don't know much about Cuban food but everything I tried was delicious. Next time we'll go when they have live music and get our hookah on!
Three cheers for a good restaurant right next door to the movies! Yea!

We've been countless times, both for lunch and dinner and always enjoy a delicious meal. If you get there at the right time, there's live music as well.

On to the food! The Tostones are so good...smashed fried plaintains topped with either ground beef, shredded beef or shrimp. We always get the shrimp and they're always tender, crisp perfection. My favorite appetizer is the Papas Rellenas. I could eat these every day. They're a humble, comforting dish...mashed potatoes rolled into a ball with a surprise of seasoned ground beef hidden in the middle. They are then fried to a delicate brown on the outside and served with a crispy plaintain chip. This and a salad is lunch perfection for me! Also nice on the appetizer menu is a mini cuban sandwich when you just can't handle the big one. My kids always order it as the kids menu only has ham and cheese. The black bean soup is everything you want a black bean soup to be. The only salad I order is the Ensalada Havana...sliced green apples, oranges, cashews and chicken over greens with shaved manchego and a sweet vinaigrette...so good!
Let's see to the entrees... The traditional Cuban sandwich is exactly that. Traditional and perfect. The bread is crisp on the outside, soft on the inside with the right balance of pork, ham, cheese and pickle. Vaca Frita is seasoned, shredded, seared crispy, tender beef served with rice and black beans. Ropa Vieja, shredded beef in a savory tomato-y sauce. Too many good things here...the Bistecs are delicious as well. We've never made it to dessert...hopefully someday we'll taste their flan!
Delicious Cuban restaurant not far from the Las Vegas strip - nice atmosphere, friendly staff, & extensive menu choices!
We came across this place because we used to drive to their sister location on Las Vegas Blvd. (Florida Cafe) and Havana Grill is closer to me. The appetizers are better at Florida Cafe but the main dishes here at Havana Grill are better. 

We always get the breaded steak w/ onions and the pork w/ onions. I never liked black beans until I had them from here. They are so good w/ the rice they have. I feel that its a little pricey for the type of food and atmosphere they have but that definitely will not stop me from going back. We went to one other Cuban food place off of either Flamingo or Trop and it wasn't as good as this place. 

Give it a try and I bet you wont be disappointed
Aye Carumba, Fantastico!  Yep, I like this place, alot!

1.  Service - Personable, many of staff have been there quite a long time, so they know the menu well, are passionate about what they do, and will recommend the right things for you if you are not sure what to eat.

2.  Food - The chicken, seafood and meat dishes are all great.  We had the Ropa Viejas and the Camerones. They were very tasty. The appetizers I did not have, but have seen them  and they look great.

3.  Drinks - The type of drinks and mixed drinks are great.  Mojitos baby! OK, we had cokes and ice tea.

4.  Dessert - So tasty. We had a chocolate tres leches special that is home made. All their desserts are home made. Wonderful.

5.  Price - Very reasonable.

They also have dancing on the weekends. This is a nice place to relax, go on a date, or just hang with the friends!

Enjoy!!!!!
Dined at Havana a few times including hosting big family gathering on "salsa night". Service can be hit or miss, grandma waited an hour to get her food while everyone else got theirs. I ordered my favorites...pollo ala plancha, plantains, and a mojito. Went there to try their "$5 lunch specials...figured would take advantage of lower prices since the usual prices are a bit high for the food. Was very disappointed to see items like chicken fingers ( was this meant for kids?!) on their value menu. They could increase business by lowering their prices a bit....$16 for chicken with onions and beans is not the best deal.
I had been itching to try this place out for so long because I worked with a fellow who was from Miami and raved about Cuban food (which was back in December). And word of mouth is Havana Grill is the place to get your Cuban food fix. Although I was a skeptical to try this place because of Teri C.'s review and the other reviews as well, I had to try them out for myself. 

Fortunately we came in during happy hour, which was half prized appetizers. We ordered the Mezcla de Aperitivos (consisted of tamal, papa rellenas, croquetas, and cuban sandwich) and Mini Sandwich Cubano. 

Tamal- I didn't like their tamal at all. More dry than usual and no taste either. 

croquetas- we weren't sure what these were because there wasn't a description on the bar menu. Unfortunately, as soon as I took a bite I spat it back out into my napkin. Maybe this was a little too authentic for me. 

Mini Cuban Sandwich- the bread was nicely buttered and the contrast between the mustard and pickles was a unique mix. The ham could had been a little tastier, but good enough. I was really expecting more based on how much people rave about Cuban sandwiches. I'm really hoping other Cuban places make a better one because theirs was just A-okay. 

There was no papa rellenas at the time was I was kind of sad because they serve those at Porto's Bakery. I also ordered the guava shake, although I'm not a big guava fan I was trying to be adventurous. I didn't really enjoy this drink because there was nothing special about it and I prefer my shakes on the thick side and itwas rather thin. 

Overall, the experience was okay. The service was a tad slow and the food didn't really impress me. The inside is nicely decorated and still gives off the mom and pop vibe. However, I don't think I will be coming here again.
I have become that person that does not experiment and am dead set on finding the best arroz con pollo in town. Havana Grill might not be as good as what I would eat at a childhood friend's house, but it was tasty. The rice was flavorful without being too salty or overly seasoned. The chicken was moist and fall off the bone tender. The plantains were cooked to perfection. The three pieces were soft, sweet, and not dried out. There have been many times where I go to a Cuban restaurant to be disappointed in finding that their plantains have the consistency of Styrofoam. The plates are large and can easily feed two people. I ordered this with a side of the steamed yucca. Yucca is a root vegetable that is mellow in flavor. It could have used some citrus to make it taste bolder. The onions on top adds a nice contrast in texture. So far, Havana Grill serves one of the better arroz con pollo I have had in a restaurant. My friend had ordered the chicken simmered in red wine with potatoes and olives. This was the better dish of the two. Served with black beans and rice, it is a great deal at $12.
I've came here a couple of times (mainly by force) first off... the securities out front that I have dealt with have been rude and arrogant,  there is a 5-10 charge for women and the bartenders seem some what snooty as well. I once waited 20 min for a drink when they weren't even busy. Not a fan but they do play good music. so If your planning on JUST dancing then it's okay.....
I am usually here for happy hour with friends, so we're always at the bar (outdoor bar space is great when it's not too hot!) and always well taken care of.

Drinks: Fresh, flavorful, and flowing. Whether going more tradicional and ordering mojitos or sangria or whether you want somehing more cosmopolitan (dirty martinis are always a good choice!), these bartenders know what they are doing. Lots of flavor, lots of fuel, and lots of smiles.

Food: The fried plantains are crispy, have a nice fresh taste, and were perfectly salted. We've had a few types of dips and salsas with these, depending on the mood of the group or the proprietor (specials, etc.) and have yet to find one we didn't like.

The slow roasted pork was tasty if a bit on the chewy side. I don't know if they needed a better cut of meat or more time in the cooker. Either way, it was flavorful but the texture made it less than a "I'll fight you for the rest" kind of dish.

The tamal was tasy and the masa was good, but there is just not enough meat to make this any more than a masa dish... think polenta with a cuban flair. I wanted more filling and more of their delicious sauces. Fell flat. Totally something I can see them improving... and I hope they do.

Service is always great, either because our group tends to draw the servers in or because they are just that good. Either way, it works for us! The matriarch/owner is always sweet, keeping watch over his home away from home. Great energy from a great staff.

It's not phenomenal (it doesn't have to be), and I prefer the food over at Cuba Cafe. However, it's a solidly good, A-OK, happy hour joint that I look forward to visiting again.
Pleasantly surprised after reading all of the bad reviews. It seems like the service might be hit or miss here, we got a hit! Me and a girlfriend tried this place after I purchased a Groupon. I was really excited - we have Cuban friends and they've cooked food we consider real comfort food.

We were seated promptly and our drink order was taken. I ordered an original mojito and my friend ordered a mango mojito. When the waiter came over to card us, he flirted with us both, "No... you're not really over 21? Such youthful faces - very beautiful!" Needless to say we'd started out on the right foot. 

Moments later our drinks arrived - super fresh mojitos served in little glasses. I was skeptical about the portion size not being enough for me (mojitos being my favorite drink) but it was strong and so flavorful I sipped at it all night without need for another one. When the bill came it was $7.50 for this tiny treasure. Not sure I'd pay that much again - and my friend's flavored mojito cost her $8.50. I wish they wouldn't raise the price a whole dollar for some flavoring. 

I ordered the Arroz Con Pollo (chicken and rice) because it's my theory that they probably had the basic traditional dishes down to a science. I wasn't disappointed. The dish was big enough to split between two people (I think it was $14). The chicken (although dark meat) was tender and fell right off the bone. The rice was flavorful and cooked well, and I can't say enough good things about the fried plantains that came with it. They were cooked perfectly!

My friend had the Vaca... something something. (By the time she explained to me what she'd ordered I think the mojito kicked in.) It was super flavorful shredded chicken served with white rice and black beans. I felt like the chicken was dry when it was alone, but the combination of everything in the dish was wonderful. She had no complaints - ate the whole damn thing. 

We took our sweet time having dinner - we spent well over an hour here and never felt rushed out. Our bill came (52.98 before Groupon), we paid, we left. At the end of the night I was highly satisfied and I'd certainly go back. Not so sure I would order alcohol here again, but it was such a nice addition to the meal that I certainly would be tempted.
Decided to try this place due to a groupon purchase.  Ate here on a Saturday night.

Food- Ordered the plantains as an appetizer. It was subpar- I've had plantains  that taste the exact same way at the EDR (employee dining room) for FREE..!

Entrees- we ordered pan con bistec with banana chips & lechon asado. Again, both dishes were nothing out of the ordinary and both on the dry side. I felt the pan con bistec could have used some kind of sauce. The presentation of the lechon asado did not make the dish look appetizing. And when we cut into the pork, it was so dry. Thank goodness for the black beans, which we mixed with the white rice & pork to make the meal somewhat edible. 

Atmosphere - it was a bit dark in the restaurant. They were about to set up  for late night music / DJ.

Service - not bad, not great.

Overall - I don't think i will be coming back here.
salsa!!!! I love salsa and the salsa nights are awesome here, the food is ok and the restaurant is nice
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!! I can't believe all of the bad reviews I'm seeing about this place. I grew up with friends of all ethnicities and Cuban being one, so I must say I've had a lot of Cuban food to know the real deal and this place is definitely the real deal!! The employees are all super friendly, and the service is great! I've been here maybe 20 times and I've never had a bad experience.

The food is absolutely delicious. I've had many different things on the menu and every dish I've ordered, I LOVED!! My personal favorite items on the menu are : Moros y christianos, yuca al mojo con chicharrones, mariquitas, pan con bistec, bistec de palomilla, pollo a la plancha and the arroz con pollo. 

There were some complaints about the prices and the dishes being too small?... I definitely disagree with that. I've never gotten a meal from there that didn't leave me anything but OVERLY FULL!!! Side dishes range from $3 to $6. Sandwiches are $11-$13. Main entrees $14- $18. I think the prices are reasonable for the amount of food and the quality of food and the service that you get. 

I love havana grill!!!
The ambiance is great. Friendly employees and the owner greets you on entering. They take your order quickly and the drinks are strong. Passion mojito Your welcome . The portions are nicely sized. The pressed steak w sauteed sweet onions perfectly done. The rice was sweet and the beans were delicious.
My experiences at Havana Grill have more often than not flatlined by the time the check came. I will say that their mojitos are authentic and crazy delicious and you'll be challenged to find a better one in town!

Maybe I've just picked the wrong items to explore Cuban cuisine with, but the only standout thing I've had here was the garbanzo soup which had a deep, rich flavor from all of the meat, a nice broth and was really filling. The appetizer croquetas tasted like something that might be served under the warm lamp of a 7-11. They were kind of stale, served lukewarm and really had no distinctive flavor besides frying grease and potato. It just made me sad and that's the last emotion I want to feel about something I'm eating. I ate here a few years ago for a friend's birthday and because she had such a large party it was a set menu of some shredded meats, rice, beans and I believe plantains. Nothing struck me though and the pork I had was lake bed dry. 

The service has been unmemorable for the most part save my last visit in which our waiter was a very friendly dude who was nothing but charming with our table of ladies. 

It's a place I wouldn't go back to by choice, but if friends were going I wouldn't make a big to-do about it and just suck it up with a mojito or three.
I would never know this was here but it looks good and turned out great! Never thought I'd have Cuban food outside of NY and Austin TX, but it turned out good. Be sure to check out the Latin live music Fri and Sat nights.
I really want to love Havana Grill.  It's a small Cuban restaurant with a friendly staff and good bartenders, but the food is . . . well, it's just okay. 

I've been there a few times and I've tried out the croquetas (deep fried ball with ham filling) , Sandwich Cubano (pork, ham, and cheese with dill pickles on a bun), tostones (fried plantains) and arroz con pollo (Cuban classic roasted chicken with yellow rice).  Just listing out those items, I keep wondering why the food isn't a slam dunk--I mean, I said "fried" several times, right?  Well, somehow the food is consistently under-seasoned.  Every time I've ordered the tostones, I feel like I dump the entire salt shaker on them to provide some flavoring.  And I haven't been impressed by any of the other dishes either, they all just felt flat.  The only dish I would rave about is the side dish of yellow rice, which really was wonderful.  

Now my understanding is that Havana Grill is the sister restaurant of Florida Cafe (a Cuban restaurant on Vegas Blvd in downtown Vegas).  And that's odd because I've never had a problem with seasoning there.  At the end of the day, the food at Havana Cafe ranged between 2.5 stars and 3. 

But I've also been here for happy hour and this is a great spot for drinks with friends.  The bartenders make an exceptional mojito and they are on their game and attentive no matter how full the bar gets.  I've brought a few people here for the happy hour deals and every one has left happy.  4 stars for the bar and the friendly bartenders.   

So the place rounds out to 3-3.5 stars based on the great bar and the not so amazing food.
Went in for lunch... Food was wonderful, very reasonably priced, cocktails amazing...service was outstanding!!!!   Definitely returning..
This place is great.  The food is spiced and cooked perfectly.  We had the appetizer sampler platter and everything on it was delicious.  I had the Masas de Puerco Fritas, my husband had the Vaca Fritas de Pollo -- both were superb - tender & juicy.  We couldn't stop eating it.  Black beans & rice were the best I've ever had.  Staff is friendly.  The restaurant's decor makes you feel like you're in Cuba.  We'll definitely go back.
Best Cuban food in town!!! Great prices, great service!! I love this place. My friends and I go there all the time. The "Masa De Puerco" is awsome,  Sandwich Cubano is the best. Mojitos are authentic, wont find them anywhere else. Its a fun place to hang out friday and saturday nights with friends, we always have the greatest times there.
I ate here for the first, and last, time tonight. I can't remember the name of the sandwich I ordered, but it was steak with caramelized onions on smashed bread. It was dry, dry, dry. The onions were about half cooked, certainly not caramelized. The steak, besides being dry, had no flavor. I guess the best thing I had was a few french  fries. Two people in our party arrived late, placed their orders, and waited. And waited. Finally, someone brought the bill. All of the orders, even the late ones were on there, along with the tip, but still the food hadn't arrived. They had to ask for it again. It was never even made.
The food is delicious, portion size is good for the cost., servers are friendly, atmosphere is relaxing.  Definitely recommend.
This place was horrible. The food was dry and tasteless. The "Cuban" bread was plain white bread smashed in a press. We split an appetizer and a sandwich and they were both a joke. The meat was way overdone, dry, chewy, and way overpriced at $12. The papas were boxed mashed potatoes with a bland sausage in the middle. 2 potato balls for $6. The service was OK, but there is no "legitimate " reason this business should still be open. I will never return.
Until the US government wakes up and opens up access to Cuba, this place will do nicely!  Fantastic mojito's!  Seriously dangerous!   You have been warned.

Great Cuban authentic dishes cooked with a flair and passion.  Live music on the weekends.  This place is a treasure!!!  Stop in for lunch for some great sandwiches and plantain chips!  One of my favorite spots.
Why only 3 stars, guys?  I thought this  place was like a trip to Miami without the jet lag. Brought a Cuban food virgin along- we love it. The Bistek de Palomilla and the Old Man's Clothes (beef)- can't remember the Spanish name. Roja de Viejo or something like that. Both very tasty. The Yuca Frita was great too. Didn't have drinks at lunch, can't comment on that.
Went here with a groupon (yes i'm addicted). Loved the atmosphere & decor. The food was really delicious. My first time having Cuban food. I had the beef ropa vieja (shredded beef simmered with tomatoes, peppers & onions) It was tender and flavorful. My boyfriend had the beef Vaca Frita, which was also very flavorful but a bit dry (didnt stop him from eating it all though). Both were served with white rice and red beans which were a nice accompaniment. We both had one of their specialty cocktails. They were very tasty & fruity & STRONG :D We were not disappointed in the food & service and will definitely come back again.
A Cuban food newbie, the other night was my first experience at Havana Grill. 

My friends and I have established a weekly tradition of dining out at different venues every Friday night, some groups larger than others depending on who can or is interested in attending. 

Havana Grill was the spot this past week.

We made reservations for a party of (12) and were accommodated without trouble(the joint was dead to be completely honest). Seated promptly at 8pm, our dinner menus were not brought to our table until a bit after 8:30pm.  Several staff members tended our table and it was clear there was a communication break down somewhere along the line. Server #1 would approach the table to take a drink order and moments later we were asked for our drink orders by another member of the staff. 

Several friends ordered appetizers; the food sporadically arrived in no particular order, some being served around 9pm, others finally hitting the table at 9:10pm.  Entrees.. they too arrived whenever the wait staff remembered to bring them out.  I would say that in addition to that lack of communication between staff members, our annoyance changed focus to the timing in which all food dishes were served.

My friends possess the tradition of waiting until each meal is served before diggin in to their own meals, so waiting 5, 10, and even 15 minutes in between meals being brought out made for an annoyed group of people and cold meals.

Enough about the service and bad timing of the food being presented.. Lets talk about the food itself. It's OK.  I can say that no one at our table was blown away by flavor during this dining experience. 

All in all I would say this was yet another mediocre dining experience where each of us left with a small dent in our wallets, a couple of trips made to the bathroom later, and no real desire to return in the future.

I would CONSIDER eating here again if we had a smaller group of people, perhaps large parties are just too confusing for some service industry "professionals"?
Had a friend visiting from Oklahoma, So on he's last night here we took him to havana grill, for the atmosphere and the food. 
the service was great, even with the loud music and the other distractions. its definitely not the place you want to go to on the weekend after 10pm, if you want to have conversations and stuff, cause we couldnt really hear each other talk with the music, which is expected i guess lol; cause it kinda turns into a little club in the middle of the dancefloor, but people can still sit around and hang out. Also we went on a friday night after 10pm, and there was a live dj.
the food, at least what i ordered was...idk..eehhh. I wasnt happy with it, but everyone elses food tasted really good, maybe its just what I ordered, the fried plantain was on point though! took me back home for a mn...loved it. but i will definitely go back, before 10pm on the weekend if i'm more interested in conversing and eating :)
i loved the music. i loved the cuban, salsa, reggaeton mix the dj was playing, wouldve had more fun if i was with a bunch of my dancing friends though  lol :)
Great Cuban food.  Service is uneven and there are often long waits for food.
Boy, I was very underwhelmed by Havana Grill.  First of all, I've been primed for a good Cuban sandwich for at least a year. I've seen them on Anthony Bourdain's shows and Andrew Zimmern's, and they look juicy and scrumptious. I guess those were the made-for-TV versions, because the one I got here wasn't much different from something I could have gotten from a deli.  

I've since looked up "Cuban sandwich" online and the Havana Grill's offering looks pretty much the same as the images I find on Google.  Damn you, travel shows, for raising my expectations!   Honestly, if someone had handed me one of these at work or something, the most I would have thought was, well, the bread is interesting. Not a bad sandwich, but nothing memorable. 

My friend had fries with her sandwich and they were basic fries.  I had the fried plantains and liked them: crisp, not too thick, and not oversalted.  

Two friends ordered the ropa vieja- one had chicken and the other tried pork. They were kind enough to give me a taste, and I must say, the sauce for these dishes was delicious! It came with beans and rice, and those beans were very tasty as well. 

I forgot to mention the appetizers: we tried papas rellenas and tostones.  The papas (sort of like fried balls of mashed potatoes with a small filling of meat) were interesting  but I thought the flavor was just kind of "meh"- again, not memorable. I was not fond of the tostones- the fried green plantains. In fact, none of us ate much of those.  For me, they just had very little flavor.  One thing we gobbled up, though, was the buttered bread!  Very good bread. 

As for beverages, one of us tried the mojito and gave it a big thumbs up.  Another tried the raspberry margarita and although she can put away a drink, she didn't finish this one.  (She was also surprised that it came with salt on the rim rather than sugar. I don't know about such things, since I'm not much of a drinker).

The restaurant had a spacious, open feel  because the tables aren't crowded together. The tropical-themed leaf ceiling fans were kind of nice, too.  Simple, non-fussy wood tables and chairs add a casual flair.   

OH - I have to add that service was V E R Y  S  L O W.  The servers (all good looking, - like GQ good looking)  took forever just to put the bread baskets on the table - even after we asked for it.  It took a long time to get our orders taken.  Upon check out, they mistakenly added a gratuity to the bill. Correcting the error took almost 20 minutes because of one or two other errors made during the correction of the first problem. Aggravating!

After 9pm the loud music began, thanks to two DJs spinning (well, spinning hard drives, at least) some hearty Latin dance music. By 10 pm the dance floor was dark and the party was in full swing, with folks young and old doing all sorts of couples dancing. I picked up a few new songs thanks to Soundhound, and enjoyed watching people through the laser-lights.  I also had fun watching my friend get her butt smacked by a 70 year old woman on the dance floor!  We decided we'd come back for the music, the bar, and dancing, but would be less likely to return for the food.
I had been meaning to try this place for a long time when the GF announced that she had a groupon that was about to expire.  Great!

We stopped in for lunch on a weekday and the place was almost deserted.  We both had the Cuban sandwich with fries...I guess we just couldn't resist.  Our waiter, Carlos, was very friendly and promptly brought out our drinks and a basket of hot buttery bread.

The sandwiches were good and the fries were perfectly done.  My only gripe was about the small amount of ketchup provided in a little side cup.  Why can't I decide how much ketchup I need?  We asked for more and another few droplets arrived.

I'm sure we'll come back, especially being this close to the theater.
In addition to Cuban food, there is (Latin) dancing on Friday nights. The dance floor is small.
Wanted to have a meal close to home and decided to try this place on someone's recommendation. Severely dissapointed!
I was debating what chicken to try, in my quest to eat high protein, and the server suggested that the pollo a la planchia was really good. I took her recommendation and decided to order this. The chicken breasts were pounded and marinated and grilled. I found the chicken to be too oily and also the onions that came as a garnish to be very oily. Since it took over 20 min, for us to get our order, and the entrees were priced at $14 I think, I expected more. Instead of rice, I asked for a salad which they got-lettuce, tomatoes without any dressing. This came with a side of beans in a smallish bowl and I took 1 bite as I did not like the way it tasted and looked. I asked for hot salsa and got 2 bottles of chilli sauce.

D had the Havana Grill Pollo Salteado which came with rice and beans. It was ok. The serving was quite big but lacking in flavor.

The positive was the server who greeted us promptly and brought glasses of iced water and some bread. Even though it was not too busy, they took long bringing out the food, and then bringing the check as well.

I will not be going back.
I have two things to say. GREAT FOOD, sloowww service.
Great food! Awesome banana shakes! Cuban Sandwiches are great! The pan con bistec was absolutely delicious! Great atmosphere, fun and elegant! Staff was very friendly. I will definitely eat there again.
Myself, my wife & another couple ate here on a Wednesday evening & the only meal that was fresh was the salad ordered by one of our group. The seafood in the paella was overcooked & the rice was mush. An order of Cuban porkchops were inedible and the salmon dish ordered was not cooked as requested. The ceviche appetizer was just chopped shrimp. Boo! Even the sangria was lacking. I don't think the owners can decide whether this is a restaurant or a nightclub.
It was Friday and I heard this was the spot to be at if you wanted a hell of a good time, a HOT place to be with latin dancing, great drinks and food, cool enviroment.  Too bad it was only lunch time, there wasn't any dancing going on.  I've been here a few times and their food is always good and I love the enviroment though I still have not been here at night when all the partying is happening, one day I will. They have Latin Nights on Friday and Sat with salsa dancing and a DJ. It suppose to be a 18+ event with no cover.

In the past I've had some of their sandwiches. The Sandwich Cubano as off of the menu "The traditional Cuban sandwich with tender roasted sliced pork, sliced ham, cheese, dill pickles and mustard on pressed Cuban bread" and with plantain chips. Tell me you don't want that just from reading it, at least I did.  Ate it and enjoyed it too. I've also had some beef sandwich but I'm not sure which one it was.  It was very good.

For this last time I wanted to try something different and asked the server for a recommendation that's not a sandwich. I almost always take what is recommended so lunch was the Lechon Asado a "slowly oven-roasted leg of pork, marinated in a mojo of lemon, garlic, lime, orange juice and spices" with moros which I was told it's was usually made on holiday's or something.  I liked the way the entire dish was explained to me when I ordered it as I was sold.  The dish as a whole was pretty good I did like the moros and the fluffy bread.  The pork leg was good just a liitle too citrusy for me but still good since I cleared my entire plate. I didn't get any plantain chips this time, which was a bummer.

There are a lot of ceiling fans, the a/c was flowing, latin music was playing, people were dining and drinking.  I really wanted to stay but I was only on my lunch break booo. They also have a lot of space to party at the bar, an outdoor patio, and lots of tables for when the party starts. There's also the movie theather next door and Mediterranean restaurant with belly dancing across the complex.  This is the complex to be at. LOL
Not too many places in town that you can comfortably sit outside in the middle of our summers, but this place has an aggressive misting/fan system going on and we were so excited until the smokers came out and took over the patio. So we had to move inside, it was a Friday night and they were going to have salsa dancing later, so our server seated us in the dance floor area. We primarily came to watch salsa dancing and for some mojitos, but I am a self proclaimed high maintenance cocktail drinker, I don't do cheap wine or alcohol, so I was bummed when I saw they make their mojitos with Cruzan Rum, so our bartender suggested 10 Cane Rum which I never heard of but we agreed to a pitcher. My first sip all I could taste was soda water. Yuck, this isn't a mojito, this is soda water on the rocks. I didn't say anything to my friends at the table, 2 others said the same thing. So we decided to give the Sangria a try. We ordered a pitcher of red, when it came out, I immediately noticed the color, it was pink, like Kool-Aid, and that's exactly what it tasted like. If you mixed Ocean Spray Cran and Kool-Aid together, you would get their week attempt at Sangria. No drink left behind, that's what I've always learned, but these were the worst attempts at 2 of my favorite cocktails I've ever had. We ended up leaving both pitchers because none of us could drink them. 
I tried the mini Cuban sandwich, which was pretty good, as well as the plaintains, which is why this place is deserving of 2 stars. Our service was atrocious, so slow. I won't be returning.
Great place for Happy Hour, love their Mojitos!!!
Came for Dinner last night

scale 1-5  with 5 being the highest
Havana Banana-5 drink (good)
mango mojito-3
passion mojito-4
bread/toast- 5
arroz con pollo- 2.8- need season or something ( plus i wasn't fan of the dark chicken meat)
bistec de palomilla-4.2
Came here for a second try since the first one was so good. The results were the same. I really love the food here. I had the Ropa Viejas and red beans, which was excellant. Could have used a little more in the bowl, but nonetheless, I loved it. It seems there are so few opportunities to dine out without it being a chains, and this is one worth trying out. I really need to eat here more often.
Delicious food, friendly staff and family friendly.  Reasonable prices too.
Being from Miami and being Cuban American, I am definitely somewhat of an authority on cuban food. With that said, this fell short of the real thing... WAA WAA.... 
I ordered a ton of food, to go for myself and some friends of mine. I have been raving about Cuban food and was excited to share my culture and was let down. The main dishes (the meat) was actually decent - we shared fried steak or Vaca Frita (right on with the flavor) and breaded chicken-Pollo empanisado. However ALL the side dishes tasted frozen or packaged. The congri or arroz moros were NOT home made and the platanos were definitely from frozen banaas. The tostones (salty, fried plantains) tasted chalky (frozen) and the mojo (sauce for the fried plantains) wasn't even close to authentic mojo. Mojo is literally the easiest thing to make, why not make it fresh! Maybe I am overly critical because I have grown up with Cuban food and have had TRULY authentic versions (out of my grandmothers kitchen) but, this was so SAD... 

Oh well, Miami is only a plane ride away.

By the way- It shouldn't take an hour to put food together, for a to-go order when you phoned in the order, thirty minutes prior.
So last time really enjoyed this place and the food was great. At the encouragement of the waiter, tried the Havana Bistec Salteado. Big disappointment. The meat was about as tough as it can get and I was worn out just trying to chew through  it. It won't stop me from going back, but not for that one.
Vaca frita de pollo or bistec are delicious. Good rum drinks. Paella really good. My wife has a friend who is Cuban and him and his family swear by this restaurant. Definitely worth a try.
This was my first experience with Cuban food and my goodness, it was tasty!

We sat down on a Friday night before seeing a movie and it was an excellent decision. Not too crowded and I immediately loved the atmosphere and lighting. Our waiter was extremely helpful and pleasant. After telling him that I had no idea what to order and that it was my first time, he made a bunch of awesome recommendations and explained some of the dishes. 

We ordered an off the menu special appetizer - meatballs covered in some type of spicy-but-sweet barbecue sauce. There were four and they were a bit small, so I thought they were overpriced....but STILL DELICIOUS!

I told our waiter that I wanted steak and he recommended the Bistec De Palomilla, which was basically marinated steak, thinly sliced, with onions all over it. I chose to have their special beans and rice mix (cooked with bits of pork). My girlfriend ordered the Ropa Vieja. Our food came out very quickly and I couldn't get over how something so simple could be so delicious! There was nothing at all fancy about the steak, but the flavors were unbelievable. I really enjoyed my dish! 

We also ordered a side of plantains, which was great. I as apprehensive because I don't understand the concept of cooked bananas, but they were a very complimentary taste to the steak and rice/beans. 

The wait staff was friendly and I never had to ask for a drink refills. 

I'll definitely be back!
D-E-L-I-S-H! I haven't been to a Cuban restaurant since 2007 and was pleasantly surprised when I visited Havana Grill with a friend of mine.  The food was delicious, the drinks were on point...I will definitely be visiting again!  Be sure to try the plantains! Yum!
II liked the cozy little place. The bartender was charming. The food was yummy and hot. Did not know anything about cuban food but i liked it.
Came to see Caseroloops, the Venezuelan Grammy-nomiated band. The band itself was good, but I can see the Havana Grill has taken a dive lately. I remember when this place used to be packed every weekend with live bands and a 'happening' atmosphere, taste appetizers available until late, and fruity mojitos. This time around, the atmosphere was dead (except for the band playing), the mojitos were expensive ($9 ) and watered down, and I believe the kitchen had already closed. I am not quite sure what happened.

If I had to vote this place thumbs up or down, it would the latter. I can't imagine going there and having much fun, given the stale overall atmosphere. Now I have to find another latin music spot.
I've been to Havana Grill several times, so this review is long overdue! I have never had a bad meal there. I tend to stick to the same items, but always make sure to try what everyone else orders. 

They start you off with grilled Cuban bread with butter. It's perfect, served warm and it melts in your mouth. My favorite item on their menu would have to be the Tostones. They are delicious little fried plantain patties topped with chorizo, ropa vieja or shrimp. The ropa vieja tostones are the best! They also have amazing papas rellenas (fried mashed potato balls filled with seasoned ground beef). The last time I went there, the papas were a tad bit too salty. I still enjoyed them though! I ordered the ceviche appetizer as my meal and was pleased with it. It wasn't the best I've had and it could have used more shrimp, but it was good nonetheless. You must also try their red sangria. It's delicious! 

I would highly recommend Havana Grill if you're looking for good food. I'm not an expert on Cuban food, but I have never been disappointed by my meals there.
Lovelovelove.  I'm not too adventurous when it comes to food but I really like their menu.  Lots of chicken dishes and all sound great.  I've tried a few things but none of which I can remember but I know I liked them all.

Good mojitos and dancing later in the evening too.

Definately an enjoyable place.
My Husband and I had the wonderful opportunity to dine here. Havana Grill was fantastic! We can't wait to go back. Everyone was very friendly.  The atmosphere was perfect for date night or for a family night out. The Bread was fantastically fresh and perfectly buttered.  We had the Massas De Puerco Fritas (appetizer), OMG it was sooo good! Our meals were so flavorful. 
Each plate looked as though someone took the time to make it look nice. Not just thrown on the plate. 
We can't wait to go back.
I like to find the Cuban places and one of my favorite sandwiches, the Cuban! The mini  Cuban on the menu is wonderful, Add a bit more sauce and it would be perfect for me. The Bread appetizer was warm and perfect. The Chicken soup is chunky enough  and flavorful. With the lemon squeeze (I would have preferred lime) it is quite enhanced. All in all - I am coming back to test a few more items and enjoy the lovely ambiance and snappy service. Live Music on Friday and Saturday and I want to be part of that, but that will be another trip.
We really like this place.  Very good food.  Good Drinks . . . . Get the $5 sangria and you won't be sorry.  AND they catered to our one year old.  All in all, this is a place we plan on frequenting often.
I loved it! I am from Miami and so am very familiar with Cuban food! The food was very authentic and delicious while being very reasonably priced! The service was very good and the place was packed! I would definitely recommend it!
I read the reviews (focusing on the ones with okay or bad experiences) and wasn't excited to try this place. I had a negative opinion going in. I was WRONG again. This place was really good. Better than my top Cuban place in Las Vegas. I will be back for sure. The inside is nice and large and spacious. The service was good and on time and the food was even better. Authentic Cuban.

PROS:  
*Yuca con Mojo y Chicharrones - Sauteed tender yuca smothered in onions and garlic sauce with fried pork skins on the side. Eat them together and it's a party in your mouth. 

*Lechon Asado Al Despelote - slowly roasted leg of pork marinated in a mojo of limon, garlic, lime, orange juice and spices, served over fried smashed yuca. The fried smashed yuca is a meal in itself. Wonderful when eaten together. LARGE portion. 

*Fricase de Pollo Con Papas a la Havanera - Chicken simmered with tomatoes, potatoes, red wine, olives and spices. 

*They were on Groupon. 

CONS:
*Far from my home distance wise.

*Food arrived almost all at once (appetizers and dinner). Didn't matter that much though.
Food was ok, Vaca Frita tasted like salt and service was horrible!  Mojitos start at $8.50? Drink prices reminded me of the price gouging strip casinos. Service was so bad we skipped dessert....
I love Cuban food, so when I saw the groupon deal I bought it quick.  The seating in this place is horrible.  Too many tables and they seat you practically on top of the people next to you.  The server and patron behind me kept bumping into my chair.  I finally got up and moved to the other side of the table.  The whole restaurant was pretty empty, maybe 10% full but they sat us next to a party of 10 so we couldn't even hear each other speak.  I kept feeling myself lean in to hear my boyfriend even though we were seated right next to each other.  

The server dropped off our mediocre food and that was the last time we saw him until we were finished.  So, no refills on our drinks plus the extra ketchup we asked for at the beginning didn't come until we were finished.  The food was okay, nothing special.  I've had Cuban food all over, including Miami and Little Havana.  This place is WAY OVERPRICED for average food.  I also can't believe that the Palomilla Empanizada was $16 and doesn't come with maduros - that's an extra $4 BUT it does come with a little salad with no dressing - just about 5 pieces of lettuce, tomatoes and onion. 

I think the biggest disappointment of the night was the seating and that the entrees don't come with maduros...hello - I've NEVER eaten at a Cuban restaurant that doesn't include maduros with the entree.  An extra $4 for a half a plantain - give me a break!

I think the true rating should be 1 1/2 but that's not an option.  The food was average so it deserves a 2 but everything else deserves a 1.
Last Friday after work I met up with 3 friends I haven't seen for a few months to catch up over drinks and appetizers.  First of all, the food was bland.  Secondly, and most important, the service was awful.  Water refills were hard to get.  But here is the real kicker, which I must preface with the fact that the restaurant had low to moderate occupancy.  After an hour and a half, a female staff member approached our table, placed her hands on her hips, shot us a don't mess with me look, and barked, "Do you want anything else??"  She might as well have said GTFO biznatches!  We left with the quickness and won't be returning.
Happy Hour from 4-7pm Tuesday -  Sundays. All Drinks are half off, including the amazing mojito's! There is close to a dozen mojito flavors from original to mango and coconut! Yummy!

I ordered the original mojito and asked for less sugar, because mojito's are made with simple syrup. I guess that was my version of a "skinny" mojito. The bartender made it rather well. Now that it is starting to get warmer in Las Vegas, it was delightful and refreshing happy hour drink I enjoyed at the bar before my party arrived. They make their mojito's the correct way with lots of freshly muddled mint and freshly squeezed lime juice! The bar is sectioned off by a large glass panels. The patio and outdoor seating seemed pleasant, however, that is where they allow smokers to smoke. :/ If there is any kind of breeze, non-smokers will enjoy some second hand smoke on their behalf. 

I believe on the weekends, the restaurant turns into a latin dance party....

Whenever I eat here I always get the same thing. The "Arroz Blanco, Frijoles negros Y Platanos Fritos" which is white rice, cuban style black beans, and sweet plantains. I usually substitute the plantains for yucca mojo, which is their signature dish. Nothing short of amazing! Yucca is a root that is slowly steamed down to its perfect texture, almost melting in your mouth. The mojo sauce consists of olive oil, garlic, lemon/lime juice. Also topped with sauteed onions. Their cuban style black beans are also slowly cooked down, they don't use stock, it's just water, the beans and spices reduced down to the perfect texture. This dish is GLUTEN FREE! :)

The service is usually better than average. This time around our server spoke good English so the language barrier was not an issue, but most of them, English is a second language. The menu is in Spanish and English, so that too is helpful. 

Don't forget to finish your meal with a cuban coffee! Oh yums! Basically it's espresso with sugar, if you prefer. Just gives a nice jolt after eating all that yummy food!
I love this place the Cuban food is so good and the people are so nice we dance all night long and had a blast we will always go there when I want to shake it.
Plantain chips were delish!
Pineapple mojitos are a must!!!!
Pork we got was dry. Would only go for drinks and apps next time due to over priced food and lack of quality.
We called to reserve Havana Grill for June 24th, a Monday. As you can see the website shows open on Monday and it was confirmed for a party of 16 for that day. We all show up and it's closed and the sign says closed on Mondays. I had called a couple of days before to ask if I can bring a cake for our party that Monday and she said oh yes, she checked to add that to our party reservations. They lost out because another restaurant seated all of us for the party! I won't go back, unprofessional service.
Vegetarian meal was sooo good. Delicious fried sweet plantains! Excellent service and meal
Took advantage of Groupon offer and was really hoping past experiences would not be repeated in regards to service.  Food as usual was just okay but service continues to be horrible.  Upon being seated, our waiter took care of patrons that came AFTER us...okay possibly an honest mistake.  But then our waiter NEVER checked back with us until the very end of our meal...inexcusable!!!
We've eaten here a few times and enjoyed the food.  In the past, we were the only people in the place.  So service wasn't an issue.

This weekend was a nightmare.  We told our waitress that we just wanted some light appetizers and some drinks as we were catching a movie next door.  She seemed upset or frustrated that we were not ordering a full dinner.  We each got our drinks pretty quick - but after an hour, our two appetizers still hadn't arrived.  While sitting for that long I did find the Groupon deal and bought it while I was sitting there.

Now we were up against the clock and we couldn't wait any longer.  I told my family to go check into the movie and I would let them know we're going to leave.  After 15 minutes, I still couldn't find my waitress. (The place isn't that big and there must have been a half a dozen food servers in a small and moderately busy restaurant ). FINALLY  she came out - with my food packaged to go. When I told her this was ridiculous - she snapped back at me and said they were busy in the kitchen.  Now I have $50 check and I get to go put it in my car for a few hours.  

I asked to see the manager and suddenly her English was not all that great.  I tried to show her my Groupon deal and she just walked away with my credit card and the check - with an attitude.

If I wasn't late and my family already sitting in the theater I would have complained further.  So I was late for my show, the food simply went in a trash can and dinner consisted of one drink and some bread drenched in butter.  So now I am stuck with this groupon because I am not sure i really want to go back.  Maybe the manager will try to make it right.

I gave two stars simply because of mediocre visits in the past.  I really WANT TO like this place.  I just don't know if I can get past the service.
Great Happy Hour Menu!  Half Price on ALL drinks until 7, not just select drinks.  Mojitos are a MUST!  Never had Cuban food before, but loved it.  Authentic atmosphere and food and the waitstaff was friendly, will definitely go back!  Also, they have a great band on Saturday nights and Dj of Fridays, great nightlife atmosphere without having to go to the Las Vegas Strip!!!
Mojitos. I suggest Havana, pineapple, or mango mojito. If you are really not a mojito fan the sangria is to die for as well! If you can catch Carlos working he makes by far the best drinks! The food here is also great, ambience is perfect, love the patio seating!
We had a Groupon and decided to try this place out.  Coming from Florida, we had high expectations. We were surprised that the place was empty at 12ish on Thursday.  We were literally the only customers.  The place is very nicely decorated. The waitress told us that we couldn't order Cuban coffee because the machine was broken.  We were disappointed.  So we ordered food and mojitos.  The food was kinda bland.  The mojitos were ok. At the end of the meal, a different waitress offered coffee.  Turns out the machine wasn't broken. Wtf?  We probably won't be back.
My hubby and I love this place. The staff is fantastic- very attentive and entertaining. We had a party here on the patio and were amazed at how over and above they went to accommodate us. Great drinks, great food.... make sure you try the tres leches dessert!! So good!
Honestly I have eaten here about 3 times and I cannot remember what I ate. Yes, it is that memorable. But the Cuban coffee is fantastic, so if that's what you are looking for, here it is! I give it  three stars for the coffee.
Wow, that was awesome!  Great food, fast service, a little pricey but definitely worth it.  Definitely coming back.  It's a well kept secret.  I read prior reviews and was prepared for a small restaurant with slow service and found the exact opposite.  Definitely coming back.  Best Cuban food in town!
Trying this place out with my Cuban friends. Heard this was the place to be for Cuban food so why not. They have exceptional food here! I got the picadillo and it was amazing. Service was a little slow that's why I gave them 3 stars. Should not take 20 minutes to get water to the table, but oh well. The food was exceptional so it makes up for it. I would recommend and come here again.
Ever since coming back from Miami and experiencing their cortadito coffees, my friends and I have been on the endless search for this espresso drink. 
I've always known about Havana Grill as my hairdresser and fave eatery, Jun's, is in the same complex; I guess I just never had the chance to eat here.

One morning I convinced my roomie to come with; and boy did we have more than just cortaditos! lol

We were the 1st ones there and I had read reviews about coconut water in their mojitos so, I had one (or two). It was very refreshing. I think too much ice as I was done with my 1st one very quickly...I guess I was thirsty ;)

Ordered shrimp ceviche, 2 orders of plantains (obvi), and vaca frita for me; and lechon asado for him. 

The waiter's recommendation of shrimp ceviche was so good as there was lots of shrimp and avocado, not just lots of onions. After we finished the ceviche, we just kept dipping the chips in the lemony sauce.

Plantains are always good. Sweet and crunchy on the side. YUM. I could just eat that and rice, like a Filipino breakfast.

Vaca frita is something I ordered based on the tips on Yelp but, I had no real clue on what it was. And deng, was it delicious. Shredded beef and onions and garlic was sooooooooooooooooooo tasty; and went sooooooooooooooooooo well with the rice. UGH. So reminiscent of Filipino breakfast with the garlic and salt on the rice.

Roomie loved his lechon asado. He said it was better than what he imagined it would be.  

We were about to leave when the waiter asked if we wanted coffee.....can you believe that we almost left without the very thing that got us there (cortadito)!!!?!!!! lol
Had late lunch here yesterday. The restaurant was a bit dirty..weird food pieces on the floor near our table, waitress was very slow and not bright or attentive at all, and there was only one other couple dining in the restaurant .. the food was pretty good tho. We ordered arroz con pollo, chicken tenders, plantain appetizer, and the salmon. Three stars is for the food, if they could clean up the restaurant and get some better wait staff I'd give it 4 stars.
As I moved here from FL, where I am accustomed to excellent Cuban food, I tried to be as neutral as possible when reviewing this restaurant.  I ordered my old favorite, Vaca Frita, with Moro and a side of Maduros since the plates don't come with Maduros.  The Vaca Frita was extremely fatty and the Maduros were so scorched, I was trying to peel off the black parts to get to the sweet plantain portion, but they were not salvageable.  The restaurant looked clean and the staff was friendly so I may try this place one more time to give it a fair shake (will order the Lechon Asado/Pork instead though) so let's see what happens on try #2....for try #1, and for the drive I took to get there, I was not impressed.
Let me get right to it: we started with the papas rellenas, which weren't all that special, but definitely edible. I had the ropa vieja de pollo which was excellent! I ordered it with moros and an extra side of maduros. The moros - I've definitely had better, next time I would just order rice and beans separately - this made me sad, because moros are delicious if done correctly. The maduros were cooked well! We also had the pan con bistec which was flavorful, but the bread to steak and stuffing ratio was a bit off - too much bread, not enough stuffing. I would come back to try more - especially their happy hour which looks fantastic. I would give this place 3.5 stars, but yelp doesn't allow for that, so I boosted them up a half star because their service was on par ;)
If I could give a negative star I would. My friends and I used to come here a while ago and it was really fun. Service tonight sucked. Alejandra (the waitress) doesn't know how to do basic math. She sucks. We wanted to do separate checks and she couldn't do that. It took her about 15 minutes to run our cards and that's with my help. She wanted to charge $13 for 2 waters, are you kidding me?!!!! Food was ok, nothing special. Music was good, DJ was nice. Bad service, yet we were force to tip. We decided to never come back and we are going to make sure none of friends  one either!
I love their Vaca frita.The plantain is really good.  The service could get a little polishing. I go there when I have a craving for beef. Music is up beat. It is convenient because it is near the theaters and my favorite Korean Restaurant
Yes, yes, yes! I LOVE this place! So much, I don't know where to begin.

Let's start with the food.  Latin food is my favorite.  The food is packed with flavor! Nothing that will stop my heart right away either.  And there's a perfect amount of it in the food.  I've had  enchilado de camarones and maduros.  I usually order this and pick off others plates.  My, oh my.  Never disappointed with my choices because they always taste so good.  That happy "this taste so good" chair dance usually wiggles its way out of me.  Seriously so good and packed with flavor.  All taste buds get in on this action.  When I go with other people, they love it, too. I came here for my birthday, and all guests were well fed.  The table fell silent for a while because we all were so into our plates.  Just heard forks and knives to plates.  Some had never been before and loved it.  They were also pleased with the service.

They are always super friendly! Walk in and there is someone greeting you, sometimes in spanish.  While at your tablem they always come back to check in and make sure everything is going well.  They have a bit of humor as well, which makes the experience better.

Come on the right night and they have live music and salsa! Baya! Can't go wrong with that. A portion of the restaraunt turns into a nightclub and people are movin'! Those with plenty of experience and little to none are on the floor.  I fall into the category of little experience, but I still get out there! 

You can come here eat authentic latin food, and and genuinely have an awesome time, away from the glitz & glam that is the strip.
The service is great and the food is even better. Doesn't need much more explaining than that!
I was a Cuban stuck in Vegas due to a storm.  A friend easily cheered me up by taking me to a place that prepared dishes like my grandmother, perhaps because its mostly Cuban staff with owner onsite.  Great palomilla steak and tostones.   Mojitos excellent mixed in classic island style.  get the appetizer plate with drinks for sure.  

Hasta la proxima!
Absolutely delicious! I will definitely be going there again. The people are very friendly and the drinks are very yummy.
We celebrated my husbands birthday lastnight there the staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. We had 16 people and the bill was very reasonable. We stayed longer to enjoy the DJ and do some dancing. Would definietly go back.
The food was on par with anything I could order in Miami. Being Las Vegas, that is an achievement. The staff were polite, but unremarkable. 

The bread reminded me of crappy Texas toast. I'm glad it was complementary, because it wasn't worth paying for.

The appetizer platter offered an assorted selection of tasty treats. The Cuban food was not hot-spicy, but very flavorful, as good Cuban food is. The Cuban sandwich was all right, but nothing to write home about.

I ordered the Bistec de Pallomilla. It was expensive for a cheap fried steak, but tasty.

Skip the flan. It is utterly unremarkable.

The restaurant was dead, and the service adequate. I still can't understand why you tip a staff to make you're own suggestions and box up you're own leftovers. 

In short, get the appetizer plate and some drinks and call it a day. It's worth a taste if you're in the area.
Alright, as I sit here, leftovers depleted.  I long for the Havana Grill. 

The Cuban sandwiches flavor intensified after a stay in the fridge. The Bistecca and Frijoles Negros , more complex.

My greatest regret is that this place is so far across town, because I'd be there now....
The only place that I have been able to find a great Cuban sandwich.  The staff is very friendly and they have a great happy hour!  Perfect before going to see a movie.
The vegetarian plate is surprisingly delicious for how simple it is. The mojitos are exceptional as well.
Listen up YELPERS...

If your in the mood for 

1. Amazing coffee, 2. Strong Mojitos 3. Live music, 4. Dancing 

This is the place for you!
Let me start off by saying that based on the reviews, I truly believe patrons are reviewing the wrong restaurant. This is the place you want to be for the most authentic Cuban food in Vegas in the cleanest environment. (aka NOT Rincon Criollo)

Phoenix has yet to produce an authentic Cuban restaurant but thank goodness we found Havana Grill. This place makes me feel like I'm back in Miami. One thing you must know about Cubans...our lives pretty much revolve around family, food and really big get togethers. That being said, I have been a patron of Havana Grill for years. My Abuela pretty much knows all the service staff. My parents even had their Anniversary dinner here. Let me tell ya, these people know how to throw a party my goodness it was amazing!

When you walk in, the atmosphere changes...whether you're stopping in for a casual lunch or a romantic dinner, you will find it all here at Havana Grill. As soon as you sit down you want to make sure you order at least one of the following or both: Pan (bread) which is pressed with butter and oh so delicious and/or marequitas which are pretty much thin slices of plantains fried to a golden perfection served with a mojo with is a heavenly mixture of fresh garlic and lemon juice.

I ordered my favorite, Pollo a la plancha with moro and tostones. Pollo a la plancha is chicken pounded flat, marinated in a lemon, garlic, salt and pepper that grilled to a juicy perfection. Juicy on the inside with a toasty outside. SO GOOD! Moro is a lovely mixture of rice and beans that is just to die for. Tostones (plantains fried, smashed then fried up nice and crispy) and you've got the perfect meal! (In my opinion of course) the service never ceases to amaze me! I make it a point to come in everytime I visit my Abuela in Vegas!!
Well it isn't Miami, but it is the best Cuban food in Las Vegas. The tostones, vaca frita, lechon asado, platanos maduro, yuca, flan and tamal are extremely authentic. The rest of the dishes not extremely good but not horrible either, in some cases not really Cuban either. I have to say being Cuban I miss the food from Miami, but this is as authentic as it gets. It turns into a nightclub/restaurant after 9pm on the weekends and can get a little loud, but the ambiance is nice. The staff is also very pleasant. I am giving it a five star rating again because it is in Vegas. If it was in Miami it would get a 3 1/2 star.
If you know what a CUBAN sandwich SHOULD taste like you need to go here for one, haven't had a better one in Vegas. Fried plantains on the side? Yes!!! My favorite sandwich dish, and the texture of the Cuban is not easy to master. I'm not fond of the location but customer service is decent, I say give it a go.
Happy hour food and drink are tasty. The bartenders are nice. The sangria is the best I've had in Vegas.
I don't get this place. Maybe we ordered the wrong things, but my husband and I left extremely disappointed. The shrimp ceviche was overly drenched in lime juice and were served with grocery store chips, the tamales barely had any filling, the puerco fritas were extremely dry, and the mojitos were watered down. The best thing about our meal was the free bread.
About the 10th time I've eaten here. And I'm sure there will be10 more. Service is very good, as is the food. The lunch prices are the best for a sit down meal. The quantity is enough for anyone,plus.  Thankfully not spicy. .just right. The flan ,one of my favorite deserts, is a little disappointing.  But yesterday we had a desert that was flan topped with shredded coconut that was out of this world,
Just went back for another visit and, of course, the food was on par! They even brought in a new chef who I had the pleasure of meeting and chated with for awhile. He's from Miami and is very particular about his black beans. This dude is gonna make some serious changes to the place and I'm looking forward to it!
We really enjoyed the food service and the waiter!!! Really an enjoyable experience and for sure we will be back!!
Oh My Gosh!!! I don't know where to begin...
We had my daughter's quinceanera here and it was beyond amazing!!! The owner/manager Lucia went above and beyond to make this the most amazing party ever. Her professionalism and attention to detail was second to none. I had people coming to me all night telling me how delicious the food was. Their food is always great so I had no doubt it would be good. But we had a buffet and the food was fresh and replenished and the wait staff were friendly and attentive to all of my guests. Even though they had another large party in the other part of the restaurant, our service was not in the least bit lacking.
Now...about the DJ! DJ Crazy was OFF THE HOOK!!! The mix kept everyone from the 15 year olds to the 50+ year olds dancing and partying the night away. He took my pictures that I had incorrectly formatted and turned them into a beautiful presentation that did not leave a dry eye in the house. 
I literally had someone tell me it was the most amazing and fun party she had ever attended.
If you are looking for the best venue in town with the best entertainment, the most delicious food and the highest professional and friendly staff in town, do yourself a favor and go see Lucia at Havana Grill.
Thank you for making my daughter's special day go off without a hitch.
This place is always a hit. I love the mojitos. Every dish I order is great.
Dear Yelpers you have led me astray... This place was no where near as great as everyone said it would be and for the money I spent I was expecting great Cuban food. I had the loma saltado and it was supposed to come with papas and to my amazement there weren't any, not to mention the food to me was bland and I could not taste not smell any garlic and where is the cilantro? I've had my share of Cuban and Puerto Rican food and I must say I was not impressed not even a little..... It will be a long time before I return.
Place was very nice and food is decent. My Abuelito is Cubano so sadly this was not as delicious as the homemade food I grew up on but it was pretty good. The mamey shake was very good and presentation of the food was good. The water was very good too (not tap). We had pan con bistec and pan con pollo both good. I was missing the Cubano au jus but overall pleased with the experience and the staff was great.
I may be biased being Latin but Havana Grill has got it going on in the realm of Latin grub! La Mezcla de Aperitivos (Mixed Plate of Appetizers) is a great place to start if you are not familiar with their menu items, providing you with a great spread of items to try out. 

I would say the two most common Cuban items on the menu would be the cuban sandwich and paella. Their paella is just okay imo. Things that they have that are amazing are...tamal de maiz cubano, papas rellenas and my all time favorite masitas de puerco fritas but make sure to dip them in the vinegar!

The sangria and their mojitos are definitely a MUST but don't waste any time, just order it by the pitcher b/c it'll save you a few bucks in the end.

The tab can add up fast so we like to visit during their happy hour (4-7p daily, I believe) bringing you select discounted appetizers and half price pitchers of mojitos and sangria as well as other drink discounts which is definitely worth the trip!
Ok, technically this is not Mexican food, it's spanish and puerto rican food, but has a lot of the same kinds of spices and is WAY, WAY, WAY good.

first off, they have plaintains, which look like bananas, but taste like potatoes. if you've never had them, try them here, yum! this is definitely the place to go with a big group of peole and share a few different dishes. good luck, because the menu is HUGE. the dessert menu alone has two dozen items!

seafood like ceviche and paella (supposed to be to die for), tapas, tamales, soup, salads, egg dishes (not breakfast),...the list goes on and on and that's just lunch!
plates top off around $12 for the most expensive for lunch, but you can easily make a meal out of two apps.
the mojito is their specialty, and they have i think a dozen rums to choose from, along with sangria. on the last monday of the month, every bottle of spanish wine is half off- you cork it if you don't finish it. i can't give this rest. a more glowing recommendation!
WOW! I don't understand why this place was empty........it was freakin' Amazing!

After looking at their menu on-line I was definitely drooling for my Monday Lunch Date, I Didn't know they had a location in Chandler across from the  library which is where I happen to be so I decided to check it out.

Menu Is Huge! Everything Sounded so good it took awhile to make up my mind. 

The one thing I had my heart set on they happen to be out of but I quickly forgot about  it when I ordered the Calypso Chips instead, which are fried green plantains served with a black bean dip (see pics) 
I also ordered a side of Avocado dip to go with them.

Fresh and Hot and Oh So Crispy right outta the fryer.........they were fabulous....I've never had them before but am totally addicted now!

I decided for the main entree to get the Emparedado de Pollo (chicken sandwich) and split it with my daughter. It consisted of sliced poached chicken breast on crusty bread with avocado, tomato and cilantro mayo, It came with french fries and Cuban Cabbage salad (see pics)

They split the portions and you can see in my pic how much 1/2 was....HUGE!!

First of all the bread was straight outta heaven, crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside, (they also serve this hot bread as a loaf with  butter to start with) a juicy chilled chicken breast, that's right it was cold and I LOVED IT!!! 

That cabbage salad was so crunchy and refreshing, laced with lime and cilantro...I'm already craving it again! 
I'm not big on fries but they were also hot crisp and delicious!

I ordered a cup of the Caldo Gallego too, which is a hearty white bean and smoked ham soup with potatoes, turnips and green kale(see pics)...........Absolutely Wonderful....there is nothing like real homemade soup!

They also have a Take Home menu of Family Dinners....what a great idea!! And they cater and have live music on Friday and Saturday nights!

I highly recommend this place there is something for everyone, even Vegetarians.

I didn't have room for dessert but there at least a dozen delectables on the menu that I fully intend on going back to try!
Went back here a couple weeks ago.

Ordered the Yuca Frita (fried cassava root) kind of like a french fry but way better and the Fried Sweet Potato chips both served with Banana Guava Ketchup (see pics)

WOW! That sauce is incredibly tasty and the sweet potatoes were sliced so thin they were the best I've had!

Also decided to share the San Juan Combination Platter to Sample the special flavors of Puerto Rico which was :

Pastele (Puerto Rican tamale),
Mofongo (Crushed plantains and pork cracklings),
 Alcapurrias (Picadillo stuffed croquette made from tropical vegetable masa), 
Tostones (Twice fried green plantains), 
Arroz con Gandules (Pigeon peas cooked with rice, pork, olives and capers), 
Masasde Puerco Fritas (Marinated fresh pork pieces fried to a golden brown).
Served with mojo. 

I was not crazy about this platter..mostly greasy, and too much meat stuff, go figure the vegetarian would pick this!
 The best part was the fried pork pieces which surprisingly were not greasy at all.

Next time Im getting a salad!

You really need to go here with a large group ..hint..hint..YELP EVENT!!

The menu s so big and they give you so much, to really enjoy it all you need plenty of people to share with.
Cuban food? Never tried it? You don't know what you're missing. Havana's menu is delicious, extensive and includes the succulent Ropa Vieja. 

With respect to Lauren V.'s review, this is not Sonoran Mexican food at all and they share very few spices. There are no refried beans, no tortillas, no jalapenos, etc, etc. It is not "picante" food, simply well seasoned.

Currently, through October, they've added to the regular Cuban menu, themes from each Latin American country. We've enjoyed the specials from Ecuador, Guatamela and Argentina--all positively fantastic.

Certainly, most of the valley's "cocktail nation" has sipped a mojito(Ernest Hemingway's infamous drink) at various establishments--but, you must have one here--SUPERB!

Excellent service and guitar music on Fridays and Saturdays.

Get there with your date pronto!
I just now got back from a group lunch at Havana Cafe. Terrible Visit.

Unbelievably SLOW  service (a TWO HOUR lunch? Are you serious?) and the food wasn't that great. I was really disappointed. I have been DYING to try Havana Cafe for a few weeks now and finally got my lunch buddies to go.

We arrived at the restaurant at 12:09pm which I know for certain because I received a text at that time. We were seated and we ordered our drinks. By the time our drinks came everyone was ready to order their meal. We waited almost an hour before the bread basket was plopped on our table. We were expecting our meals shortly after. Our food was served to us over 1 hour after our arrival. 

I ordered the San Juan Combination plate that came with a little of everything. How do I say this nicely? Um, I don't think I will be ordering that again. The Pastele was old and dry. Usually when you cut into a tamal or pastele, it doesn't crumble or break. Mine did. The mofongo seemed like it was sat to dry out. It came out in two mounds and both mounds were greasy and dry (is that possible? yes.) The alcapurrias were tasty and tangy. Still a little greasy for my taste, but they were ok. I mean you can't wring out deep fried food. The tostones were not good. Again, something that was left to dry out. They were neither crispy nor edible. They were fried all to hell and I couldn't eat them. I took one bite of them and sat them aside. They made a lovely garnish though. The arroz con gandules was the highlight of the plate. The beans and rice were tender and tasty and the olives and capers gave the dish just enough zip. The masas de puerco fritas were greasy little chunks of pork that were ok once I dipped them in the mojo. 

All of us were underwhelmed with our meals. Nothing spectacular nothing amazing, and everyone commented that things were cold, or greasy.

Next long wait, the check to be paid. We decided to split the check 6 ways. Easy right? Wrong. It took another 15 minutes to get that done. Just an FYI, parties of 6 or more get an automatic gratuity on their bill. The service was awful and I think 18% gratuity was very generous. We left at 2:08pm.

I don't know if I'm brave enough to give Havana Cafe a try again. I might go back to try their drinks. Usually a good amount of alcohol makes anything taste good so that might boost their rating up a bit. 

I was really looking forward to Havana Cafe, but my friends and I agree that this place was disappointing.
All three Havana Cafes are terrific! I mainly frequent the Chandler Blvd. location, although the Camelback location rocks too (Love the wait staff!). The food is wonderful. This is not Mexican food! Last I checked, Cuba is a country unto itself folks! Here's my suggested selections if you are a first timer: Frituras de Fritjoles Negros or as I call them black bean fritters. They are served with a delicious avocado type dip. The tamale is another favorite. My friends love Havana's Calypso Chips. Ok, this isn't Cuban food, but their french fries are also a delicious appetizer. I usually drink their passion fruit ice tea. For my main course, I love the Polla Cubano...chicken marinated with lime, orange, garlic and sauteed with onions! There is a lot of onions, I kick off most of them to enjoy the flavor and the sauce. The dish is served with black beans atop of white rice and plantans. My dining partner loves the Pollo Ajillo which is chicken pieces sauteed with garlic, mushrooms and tomatoes along with Ensalada de Palmito which is a salad with hearts of Palm and a lime and garlic dressing. I sometimes get the Ensalada de Sevilla salad beforehand which is lettuce, orange slices and Spanish onions and avocado with citrus vinaigrette. Usually to follow up for desert we have rice pudding or their awesome coconut flan dishes. The wait staff is terrific (they had a girl in the Chandler location that was terrible, but she's gone now. Might explain the review from Dottsy Z. complaining about slow service. ) Nice ambiance and they also serve a mean Mojito, so check it out!
Was really looking forward to the food here and a little disappointed. I do have to say that we tried the gingered sweet potato and pumpkin soup and loved it! The tostones were deep deep fried and overdone. If they hadn't been overdone they would have been great - the mojo (i think it was a mojo that came with them) was pretty good.  We also each tried a little glass of sherry - the manzanilla on the menu - I've never had sherry before and can't really make an educated comment about it because I have no reference for what sherry is supposed to taste like - it reminded me a little bit of Sake - but I can be way off. It was interesting. 

For food one of us had the Pollo Cubano which was ok and the other had the catch of the day - I was a little disappointed in the catch of the day as I thought the focus of the dish would be the fresh fish but it ended up tasting more like the batter smothered with the creamy cheesy sauce. 

I might go back to try some other items on the menu.Nothing to complain about as far as the service- in fact our waiter was great.  We would have tried the dessert if we weren't so full.

The live music was a great touch. Overall we enjoyed the ambiance but were disappointed in the food.
Update: 10/17/09

Well, now that i've been in AZ a few years, I've gotten to try a few other Cuban places. Havana Cafe is no longer my go-to place, though it's definitely not a BAD place. Still 3-stars worth. But if you want something more like HOME (in a Cuban home), you've got to go with Mimita's on Warner in Chandler, or Sabor Cubano on Camelback in Phoenix - in that order. 

Original Review:  I'm a transplant from la sagüesera of Little Havana in Miami, Florida, to the Southwest. Sometimes I get homesick for the stuff I took for granted before leaving my home.

Havana Cafe is a decent stand-in for Mami's cooking, but most definitely not a substitute. The menu is extensive, and includes some foods from other Caribbean islands, besides Cuba, like Puerto Rico.

I've been here now about 3 times, and always end up ordering the Ropa Vieja, because that is my favorite Cuban dish. One time I got it with the white rice, but because I am always trying to stay on the healthier end of the spectrum, passed on the rice the last two times. I definitely always order a side of frijoles negros (black beans), and a side of tostones (twice fried, squashed plantains). 

The first time I went with a former client and her husband, just after moving here. When she found out I'm Cuban, they wanted to take us here to get my opinion on how "authentic" this is. Like I said, it isn't my mom's cooking, but it's pretty darn close to authentic in many ways. Some of the stuff on the menu, I would never find on a menu in Miami either because it's not Cuban, or because it's not something you eat at a restaurant, only at home. For example guava and cream cheese - that's a  dessert you make at home. I remember my dad opening a can of Ancel casco de guayaba, slicing up a stick of cream cheese, and even putting a little bit of dulce de coco on top... Yet, here it was on the menu. It's all good. 

On another visit, I took my parents who were in town visiting for a week. My father was disappointed and lambasted everything from the food to the "curtains from JC Penney" on the windows. I think he was more upset that his daughter was not as unhappy away from home as he had hoped so that she would return sooner (if ever). My mom enjoyed her food. My husband who isn't Cuban enjoyed his food as well. I can't remember what they ordered, but everyone was OK except my dad. He even nit-picked about the way the items were all on one plate. He said, "in a REAL cuban restaurant, they don't put your meat, rice and beans all in the same plate! You get three separate dishes! this is NOT authentic. How dare they..." He even complained to the manager about this! It was ridiculous, awkward and uncomfortable, and eventually just hilarious because we could totally see that he was just having a hard time dealing with me happily living a bazillion states away.

Tangent... sorry.

As for the food - damn good. Great flavor, generous but not absurd portions. Service a little slow in getting the food out (which is probably a good thing!), but very attentive staff. My glass was never hurting for water (a pet peeve of mine, when I have to flag a server down so I can get  a sip of water). 

The most recent time I went was last month for my birthday. A good friend of mine shares a birthday with me, down to the minute (is that crazy or what?!). So we took each other out for dinner.  She ordered the Arroz con Pollo and I ordered the usual Ropa Vieja. She got Platanos Maduros Fritos and I got Tostones. For dessert, I was going to order a flan, because it just rounds out a Cuban dinner nicely, but they brought out a chocolate bread pudding on the house with some candles on it! It was pretty darn good, too! I would have never ordered that, but now that I know how good it is, I might in the future.

I also noticed a modest set up for a musician near the front of the restaurant and the server informed me that they have live music on Friday and Saturday nights. Nice!

Check out the website, too - they have tons of events going on: mojito classes, wine tastings, happy hour, mojito mondays, and more. I'm not into much of that, and would just rather show up when it's low-key for a meal, maybe stick around for some music. But as my mom says, "para el gusto se hicieron los colores..."

So I plan to continue frequenting this place a few times a year when I get so homesick I can't stand it anymore. However, I'd like to try Babaloo and Sabor Cubano before officially declaring any particular Cuban place my go-to here in the desert.
The Chandler location is located in a strip mall.  Strike one.
The decoration of the Chandler location looks very ...80's? Strike two. (  I don't know how to describe it.  The Havana Cafe's Chandler location just doesn't look modern or even retro; the interior just looked outdated.)

They got on base with the food.  We ordered "Tostones", which are twice fried plantains with a mojo garlic sauce and an order of Empanaditas for the appetizers for four of us.    Both were satisfying.

For dinner, I ordered Pollo Cubano, chicken breast in light curry, lime, and garlic with sauteed sweet onions on top.   The winner at the table was the Gallina Frita, shredded chicken breast, pan fried with onions laced with a garlic sauce.   Can't decide from all the choices that sound good on the menu?  Do as my husband did and order the Dinner Sampler and try a variety.   At the end, we were too stuffed to try desert.  (Well, for the record, everyone else was too stuffed.  I would have been game to try something, but I didn't want to look like a pig :)

I thought the food was good, but a overpriced for the meal.  Our service was spot on and attentative, but as the other reviews seemed to indicate, and our friends feedback validated, the service can be spotty.

I say - try the place out.  We would definately go back.
I love a great mojito... I lived near here so a few of us walked over one nite for mojitos.. heres the thing.. the location takes away from the place.. The bar was lively...and had it been larger..itd be a truly great place to hang.. there was salsa music and strong mojitos... Truly good cuban food... I havent been to Cuba...But it reminded me alot of Puerto Rico... where I stumbled the streets of San Juan after alot of mojitos looking for my hotel! The staff even has the accent to match:-) They are attentive... We opted to get a table because we started feeling a bit claustophobic in the bar area... it was that crowded... we had tostones... fried sweet potatoes..pasteles... arroz con pollo... a sampler plate... and then took tres leches home.. piggies we were! Worth it ...it was...
This was my first experience trying Cuban food and I really enjoyed it. Not knowing what anything was on the menu, we ended up getting the Cuban Tapas Sampler, pumpkin soup, and the Dinner Sampler. Most of the items on the tapas sampler were fried and very heavy. So much food for 3 people! We hate wasting food so we ate almost all of it and for sure gained at least 1 pound that night. Our stomachs hurt later, so we weren't sure if it was the amount of food we had or the actual food. 

The three of us agreed that the masas de puerco (pork) in the dinner sampler, and the fritura de frijoles (black bean fritters I think) in the tapas sampler were amazing. I definitely want to come back here and try more!
Havana Cafe Chandler lost its lease...check out the other location on 44th Street & Camelback!
Very nice! I would say this is a boutique style Cuban/ Caribbean food restaurant. Something you'd find in a far more sophisticated city, like San Diego or even NYC. I really enjoyed the Drinks too, I would suggest the Babaloo Bul, it's an unsuspecting mix of sugar, red stripe and lime juice maybe, it's totally refreshing and was a surprise. I use to go to another place to get my Cuban Fix, but I have realized after all these years, that place wasn't so authentic. But this joint is! Good food, nice portions, definitely upscale but don't be afraid the food is down home and will make you feel good!  I'll go back for sure!
Dessert:
The menu claims all desserts are made in house, which immediately caught my attention. I made sure to save room for the Key Lime Pie, it was light, creamy, tangy and delicious. It was my favorite part of the meal.

Libations:
We ordered a mojito, Dirty Lou and a Shiner. The consensus at the our table after passing drinks around so everybody could taste them, is that the top shelf mojito could have been better, the flavors seemed a little muted. The Dirty Lou, could have been dirtier and the Shiner, while a little out of place in a Cuban restaurant, was really good.

Food:
We ordered the plantain appetizer, ropa, and two chicken dishes. The appetizer was so good and the spicy black bean spread that came with the order was amazing! Both chicken dishes were really, really good. The ropa was good. It was served luke warm,  which might have distracted from the flavors.

Service:
We arrived around 8PM on a Saturday night and it seemed they were at the end of their dinner rush. Service was friendly, albeit, not as polished. It seemed that our glasses were always empty before a refill was given.

Versus Havana Cafe:

Dessert- Babaloos.
Appetizers- Babaloos
Libations- Tie
Ropa- Havana Cafe
Atmosphere- Havana Cafe
Specialty Dishes- Babaloo
If you're big into driving to the middle of nowhere for Cuban food (in a strip mall) (in the desert)...this place is great. (Like, who thought that their target market of Cuban foodies was as far west in 85045 as you can get before hitting the reservation??? Hmmm.)

Ropa Vieja...delicious. Slow cooked cuban style shredded flank steak done right. Even had a bite of "The Infamous Cuban Sandwich"... Everything an infamous cuban sandwich could boast of. Really...yumx2.

I don't think they could have done any better with this space...ambiance fit for a far superior location. 
So, where were all the people??? 
Four stars because the food was fantastic, the service outstanding and the Mojitos near perfection...but, lacking were any other humanoid forms to share the experience. Funny, but I guess I enjoy fellow patrons in encounters of all things cuba, mojito or vieja...

Marketing people...look into it. 

Will go back another night and try again.
Went here on a Saturday evening. The plantain trio was ok - the maduros were the best part - tostones are usually my favorite but these could use some salt and garlic. The chips were good. The black bean humus was interesting. 

The signature Mojitos were ok -perhaps the flavors could have melded a bit better or maybe it was a little watered down- not sure. 

Chicken Cubano was a little dry but ok. The rice and beans that came with it were delicious!  One of us also had the Dorado --blackened  Mahi Mahi which was really good - the sofrito corn  that comes with it was also delicious and the boniato mash had an interesting sweetness to it. 

If we weren't so full we would have tried dessert.

The best part of the meal for me was the excellent band "Arroz con Mango". I definitely plan on returning to try out other meals on the menu, especially when the band is playing. Our waitress was great and everyone who worked there seems very friendly and attentive.
I'm pulling for these guys; it's a tough area for small businesses, particularly something as specialized and unique as Cuban food. The chefs are putting together some top-notch dishes and it's a friendly atmosphere.
I stuck with tapas for our late lunch today, and it was a wise choice. I'm a fan of tapas and I'll always be happy with snacking on plantains and croquetas. This is a great place to do it. We had the ham croquetas, the empanada and the corn fritters (fried food heaven!). For two people it was a nice, light lunch. What's that? Fried food as a light lunch? How absurd! But believe me, even though all three items (among many others on the tapas menu) are indeed fried, you barely notice. Even with the rich bernaise sauce on the croquetas, it still seems light.
The corn fritters have a wonderful blend of corn batter that's just sweet enough without you really noticing it, and the sauce that accompanies lends a nice touch of sourness to balance the act. The center of each fritter is a perfectly smooth and creamy.
The empanada is filled with tasty pork, and unlike many other cuban places I've been too, it was not the least bit dry. The sweet mango sauce that's lightly drizzled over it combines well with the salsa to create some unique flavors.
All in all, it was a very pleasant experience. The chefs are friendly and came out to chat with us and check on our meal. The prices were more than reasonable. Keep in mind they aren't open for dinner on Sundays and they are closed all day Monday. If you get a chance, check it out. Like I said, it's a tough area; it remains to be seen how well the yuppie moms warm up to the place. But I hope these guys do well.

EDIT: OH YEAH! I forgot to mention the half-price tapas at Happy Hour! A bargain! (starts at 4 in the afternoon)
Recently, an acquaintance of mine recommended a new Cuban restaurant in my area. So today, I had the craving for some good Cuban cuisine. Since Babaloos is literally walking distance from my house, I thought, why not. 

So at lunch time, I decided to give this 'new' restaurant a try. When I walked-in my first impression was, 'WOW'! I loved the vibrant yellow walls and the colorful paintings on the walls. The upscale upholstery on the chairs, the table cloth, the colorful napkins, along with the cumbia music in the background made up the ambiance of this place. 

I ordered Camaron en Salsa Verde (Shrimp in green pesto sauce) and a side order of maduros with honey as my dipping sauce. Sounds good, right? The service was excellent and the food came in no time. After all, I was the only customer there. The presentation was very good and the half tomato with bread crumbs garnish was a nice touch. The moment of truth came when I tasted the food. Big disappointment! The 6 jumbo shrimp on top were bland, and the rice beneath was salty Uncle Ben's rice. The so-called green pesto sauce was chopped-up green bell peppers. It lacked spices and flavors. The main dish was a reminiscent of the old fashioned Campbell's chicken noodle soup. The rice, well, I've eaten a lot of rice in my lifetime, and this rice is definitely not the cooked white grain rice, but Uncle Ben's boxed rice (sorry Uncle Ben, no offense). But, my maduros and honey dipping sauce made-up for my main meal. But the again, anyone can make maduros, a deep fried ripe plantain banana.

For those who knows this area, you are better off  satisfying your Cuban Cuisine cravings at Havana Cafe down the street.
We were tossed to the sharks for the one year anniversary event of Babloo's. There were were...mere Yelpers surrounded by the big dogs..the kids who get paid for the game...folks from the professionally published local rags. They were taking notes, smelling their wine milling over what they would write...hey wait..the only difference was I forgot my pen and we do it for free! We Yelpers do it for the love! Put me in coach. I'm ready to play.

We opened the night with mojitos that were as lovely as anything i have ever had to drink.Minty...but not too much with just the right amount of sweet.

Moving through courses paired perfectly with wines. Even the one wine that I didn't care for on it's own once used as a compliment to the course was very palatable. 

The food was delicious. Latin flair modern yet traditional. Mint used perfectly throughout. I was particularly fond of the green sauce, and the stuffed tomato was the perfect burst of flavor. And the beef dish was so perfectly prepared....mmm...

The band was a perfect mood setter...and Zoe the singer,,if you read this consider it my proposal. Wow.

I have a new favorite food. The cake! i am a bad latino...the dulce something or another...ZOMG! I felt slightly inappropriate eating it in public. If Zoe says no to my proposal I will gladly wed the dessert. Not to mention the amazing 40 yr aged rum they served to sip with it.

They also sell cigars hand rolled by a true craftsman who was there showing the great care he put into the lovely smokes of which I took two home.

I also want to give a special shout out to all of my fellow Yelpers who were there, especially Wes and Tera for the ride and company perfectly paired with a great meal and evening.
Splendid evening at Babaloos. Firstly, I'd like to thank Babaloos for the invitation, we had a really nice time. We've actually driven by a few times and were intrigued, but hadn't stopped in, that was a mistake! It's a very cute place, nice decor, the family seemed very nice, and well, let's get to the food, because it was absolutely scrumptious. 

We arrived at 7:30ish, sat at a table and were immediately welcomed with a couple refreshing mojitos. A few minutes later Croquetas de Jamon were passed around by the servers. Trying to hide as mozzarella sticks this appetizer was much more delicate, filled with ham and a bechamel and served with a Mornay sauce. All of the tastings were paired with wine, and in this case it was a very nice chardonnay.

The second tasting was Amuse Bouche, a pineapple civiche, nice and crisp, paired with a pino grigio, which was perfect.

My favorite dish of the evening (other than the dessert, which, do not fear, I will get to) was the Camarones en Salsa Verde. Sauteed shrimp with salsa verde, which was light and fresh and wonderful, but my favorite part of the dish was the roasted tomato with tropical pesto, it was so flavorful! That was paired with a red, Montecillo Crianza, which I thought was strange, since the dish was so light, but surprisingly it worked really well together.

Next was the Ropa Vieja, flank steak slow cooked for hours in red wine, tomatoes, garlic, peppers and onions served with black beans and rice. This was exactly what I wanted after the lighter dishes, substantial, well cooked and comforting.

Drumroll please, the finally...TRES LECHES, dessert was amazing, I'm not exaggerating at all. My husband described it like a delicate cake served on rice pudding, but I think it was more like eating a sweet cloud at sunrise. We were pretty stuffed when the dessert arrived, but after one bite, it was impossible to stop. Seriously, must try. It was paired with an awesome aged rum, which I'm not usually a big rum drinker, but totally appreciated this one. 

I'm writing this review, the day after, and am already craving to go back.
Full Disclosure: This review pertains to a private anniversary event at Babaloo's. The restaurant invited food critics, the media and a few Yelp Elite members to attend the event. Food, drink & entertainment was provided to attendees at no cost.

Babaloo's started out by providing mojito's, with fresh mint (of course) and a delicious mix of ingredients. Text book mojito's, good stuff.

A Cuban band was on site to entertain the guests during the event. The music was very pleasant and entertaining. Babaloo's also hosts live music every Saturday night, according to their website.

A history of the restaurant was presented, discussing their Cuban family origins and how they meticulously create and maintain their recipes. This is a family owned restaurant that prides themselves in their food & its quality.

Wine & food tastings started shortly thereafter. Samplings were provided for 1 appetizer, 4 entrees & 1 desert. 4 different wines were paired with the food samplings & a 40 year aged rum was served with dessert. 

3 out of the 4 wines were fantastic. The one wine I did not like may just have been a style that I don't enjoy.

Being a vegetarian, I couldn't try the majority of the food samplings as they all included meat, but my carnivorous table companions seemed to thoroughly enjoy the food. At one point, I was served a plate of some flavorful rice & beans over a crust and I did enjoy my little sides meal.

The dessert was fantastic & literally melted in my mouth. Absolutely loved it. 

Many thanks to Babaloo's Cafe for inviting us and hosting the event. Thank you also to Gabi at Yelp for inviting us & to Nathan S. for the good conversation and taking "a real step up".
I wined and dined with the best of them. I was included in the one year anniversary tasting and enjoyed every minute of it! The food was delicious. They promote it as Cuban food with a modern flair, and I agree, it isn't traditional, but it's good. 

The mojitos that we started out with were OK. I wasn't thrilled with it. 

But every food dish and wine pairing danced on my taste buds and I liked it! 
The minced ham appetizers were scrumptious. 
I also tried pineapple ceviche served on a fried plantain. I did not care much for the ceviche but it was unique. 

I absolutely loved the shrimp and rice with tropical pesto sauce and the ropa vieja! The beef was falling apart on the plate and made my mouth water! 

To end the meal I was introduced to the most exquisite dessert, Tres Leches. Best cake ever! And paired with it was 40 year old rum! It was the smoothest and most flavorful with the cake. 

The Latin acoustic band and the gent hand rolling cigars in the corner really added to the ambiance. 

I looked at the prices on their regular menu and find them comparable to other specialty restaurants. I live in the West Valley, but I would make another trip to Babaloo's to try something new.
We had dinner at Babaloo's last night for their Wine Dinner, pairing wines from around the globe with some beautifully executed dishes. We started with spicy crab cake with pineapple mojo.  I've had mojo before but never this light and complex with a surprising combination of pineapple, garlic and a hint of cumin.  Just enough to say "what is that flavor?"  Next was the salmon ravioli over taragon and manchego pesto.  I have to tell you that I'm not a huge salmon fan, it tastes very fishy to me.  I was surprised to discover that the peso actually neutralized the fishiness so that, instead, a robust flavor emerged that was totally balanced by the acidity of a dry graffignia pino grigio.  Next was my favorite dish, sauteed duck breast over granny smith compote & blueberry sauce.  Virtually hauled me into fall flavors and like a warm blanket.  I've had greasy duck and then I've had amazing duck.  This was amazing.  Cooked to a perfect medium, juicy, smoky, sweet, fantastic.  Next was a steak au poivre.  Not my favorite way to eat steak as I'm not a huge pepper fan. My partner loved it.  The steak was tender and textured like prime rib.  The Austrailan Inkberry Shiraz was a great way to cut the spicyness of the dish. We learned from the wine expert that this variety of Shiraz is grown in the more harsh climate of the interior of Austrailia rather than the coast line.  That, and the way the vines are cultivated (severly pruned) make the wine complex and richer than it's cousins.  I loved his expalation that "the grapes have to be poor to become rich." Finally the desert, an oversized petit four topped with dark chocolate ganache.  Briliiant. 
The portions were perfect.  I felt satisfied and fulfilled. 
The real treat though is the family.  Mama works in the kitchen as well has her Chef son Robert.  They are warm, friendly and genuinely care about their guest. Disclosure: I am a vendor, however this is a true and honest review.  If my experience was not good I would not have reviewed them at all.  I do hope you consider this along with their other reviews.
Oh god, I SO wanted to love Babaloos.  I used to live 90 miles from Cuba, where the food is as close to authentic as you can get off the island.  I try to only patronize small, locally owned restaurants.  This deserved to be a match made in heaven, but what it was sad and dull. I won't beat the spindly, sickly, dry and very small horse, but I should give some brief explanation for my rating.  

Had the appetizer sampler, pork empanada, camerones en salsa verde, ropa vieja, and the cuban sandwich.  Every dish was either totally and utterly bland, or salted past being able to taste anything else.  Even the black beans and rice were tasteless and as dry as dirt.  Think Cuban.day in the nursing home cafeteria.  

The restaurant is lovely, the service and people were great.  I really hope the kitchen can get it figured out.  I'll try again, just based on the prior reviews.  But obviously people were encouraged at the "private" event to Yelp their opinions, so I take those with a grain of, well, salt.  I'm not sure where the bar of "beautifully executed dishes" was set, but it's likely not in the same hemisphere as Cuba.

Surely there are people in this Valley who know what lies at the soul of Cuban food.  They just aren't working anywhere near Babaloos.
I have been here twice and have not yet been disappointed. The service is as it should be. The food is as good as my Grandmothers food, She came from Puerto Rico and live and passed there.  It is a must place to eat real Cuban  and Puerto food.
After living in the neighborhood for several years and never dropping by, we decided we could wait no more. The kids were with the in laws and it was safe to try something different, and weren't we glad we did. Enjoyed an excellent meal and a couple tasty cocktails on their comfortable outdoor patio. The service was equally good, as our server was attentive and comfortable with suggesting some menu selections for us. A real gem in Ahwatukee. We will be back !
I have only been in twice, but both times the food and service were excellent.  First trip in was for Date Night.  Wednesday nights they offer a fantastic prix fix menu that includes an appetizer, two entrees, dessert and a bottle of wine!  It was a great deal and we both loved our selections.
Next time in I decided to meet a friend for Happy Hour and couldn't believe I left after a large appetizer and two drinks only spending $17!
Okay... so I'm perplexed about my review for Babaloos. I wanted to start off with only 2 stars, but really thought it was about 2.5 stars & wanted to fair on the better side with 3 stars because the good outweighed the bad. But I will not be returning for a second try.

We had a coupon for this place, which was not close for us, but we are adventurous & like to step out of our local box for a good find. I, like other yelpers, wanted to love this place but it fell short. 90% of the food we ordered was bland.
I am a fan & have a family recipe for corn fritters.... their version was corn meal mush in a fried shell. The cream habanero sauce was tasty but runny -though it was a must have to finish the fritters. We also ordered the empanada appetizer which was tasteless & the bland flavor of crust is what came through the most. The pork dish that was SUPPOSED to be stewed all night... was dry & dense! The yucca potatoes served with it were lifeless, dry & zero flavor until we added butter & salt. The rice/bean side seemed like they came out of a box & was extremely dry.... very disappointing. (sorry there seems to be a trend of dryness occurring) 
I do have some positive notes for Babaloos & want to give it props where it deserves it!! Let me start with the service - impressive! The staff were all very helpful & attentive, from the busser, to the waitress and right through to the bartender! We left a great tip for them - they earned it! I learned from a couple of them which plate I should order & they agreed individually on the Dorado (blackened Mahi dish). It was delicious & Moist! Also, the bartender made good drinks!! 
So there you have it... my bipolar version of a review. Not bad, but sadly not a winner. I recommend if you are looking for great Cuban food to go down the street to Havana Cafe - which is always a treat!!
What can I say about Babaloos other than Babalooooo! Just had to throw that in there. Alright, to the review. So being of Cuban blood how could I not try this place out. This is one Cuban joint I have not tried. What a wonderful restaurant! It's a small, intimate little place tucked away in the Ahwatukee foothills. It's colorful, the music is great, the mjoitos are good  (not drowned in mint), and the food is scrumtiously delicious!
We started off with the corn fritters and my husband had the pork empanada. Ahh, very very good. They have a good selection for appetizers and I like how they suggest pairing which food with which wine. I had the mahi mahi which was cooked perfectly. The guava sauce was phenomenal! My hubby had the ropa vieja, a traditional Cuban dish and he enjoyed it very much. Then to top it all off, we shared the tres leches cake. Mmmmmmm good.... incredibly moist, flavorful and simply delicious! The waitress was very friendly, she came to our table several times asking if we needed anything and never had an empty glass of water. A definite must try if you're looking for something a little exotic, or new or just a change. I look forward to our next visit!
Had the plantain appetizer, which was really good.  The main courses were just ok.  We had the ropa vieja, which tasted more like pot roast. Although that's not necessarily bad, it's not what you would expect it to taste. We also ordered the lechon asado, which was actually pretty good.  The rice and beans were just ok.  In sum, the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't as flavorful as I would expect my Caribbean cuisine to be, and those, not really authentic.  Would probably go back for appetizer happy hour though, as they're half price and mine was good and the plates at surrounding tables looked good as well.
I had been wanting to try Babaloos since I ran across an article about them on AZcentral. I had been looking for a Cuban alternative to Havana Cafe and aside from a small Cuban restaurant in Tucson with unreliable hours, I hadn't heard of very many promising options. I was a little turned off by the high prices as well as the swanky images presented in the website (was I going to a lounge or a restaurant?) but I finally made my way there thanks to Grupon.

We drove there on a Friday night. I was starving by the time we got there because it took much longer to find it than I anticipated. Chandler Blvd goes very far west. I was also overdressed (loungy you are not Babaloos). The restaurant itself is in a strip mall (albeit a slightly fancier strip mall than one on Thomas Rd. in Central Phoenix but a strip mall nonetheless). The service was slow; I guess those Grupon's really threw them off their game. We ordered a salad and an appetizer (both unappetizing and unforgettable), I was ready to throw in the towel and then the entrees came.

We ordered Berenjena con Sofrito (eggplant with sofrito) and Jicama a la Parilla (grilled jicama) which both came with platanos (the eggplant with tostones and the jicama with platano frito). We had to order another side of the platano fritos because they were that good. The eggplant was so packed with flavor, I didn't want my meal to end. The jicama made for a light entree, but sufficient for my partner. While the entrees were phenomenal, I'm not sure I'd make a trip back, given the distance and the high prices. I may just stick with Havana Cafe.
I've got nothing to compare this place to because I've never had Cuban food so my review may be a bit amateur-ish.

I went to Babaloos completely open-minded. I didn't really know what to expect so I didn't anticipate anything. The arrangement is clean, cozy, and fairly small. A forewarning, if you choose to sit at a booth table make sure you're decently tall. I felt like a little kid at the grown-up table. They're extremely comfy but they sink down. Our waitress let us choose where we wanted to sit, was attentive, courteous, and pleasant. She was the only waitress working when we arrived but she did a great job looking after everyone.

On the tapas menu my boyfriend and I ordered the Plantain Trio. You get three types of plantain and a hummus and sauce to dip them in. All of them are unbelievably tasty. My favourite was the maduros dipped in the mojo sauce - they compliment each other very well.

Babaloos entire menu looks great but I picked the Berenjena con Sofrito. Eggplant sautéed with sofrito on top of black beans and white rice. It also comes with tostones if you didn't get enough with your plantain trio. I've always been hesitant on ordering eggplant. I'm not sure how true it is but someone once told me eggplant has to be cooked just right for it to taste good, so I never tried it. I wanted to eat something different here, so I gave the eggplant a go. Lo and behold I have no regrets. This dish was incredible. The eggplant was better than I could have imagined with tons of flavour and the rice and beans left me craving more. What did I drink? For starters, I ordered a Sangria (which you can also order as a pitcher). Their Sangria was impeccable, I highly recommend it. Heck, order a pitcher for the whole table! I followed up my Sangria with a Mangojito. It's Cuban food so you gotta try at least one traditional Cuban drink. It was sweet (that's a given), refreshing, and the mango added a pleasant twist to it.

The Famous Cuban Sandwich, that's what my boyfriend ordered. He really loved it. It came served with yucca fries and some habanero ketchup in a cute basket. I tried a few of his yucca fries and ketchup and was surprised at how yummy they were. The ketchup was a little bit spicy for me to continue on though. I didn't try his sandwich so I can't say much about that, just that he enjoyed it. It says something when my boyfriend actually wants to go back to a restaurant. I think he's a Babaloos fan.

My Babaloos experience was a great one. I absolutely suggest making the trip down to this hidden gem of Ahwatukee. Babaloos, we will meet again.
The blackened Mahi is to die for nestled on mashed sweet potato. Just right!  Generous side helping of plantains as well.  Friendly wait staff.  Owner comes out to talk with patrons.  What more could you ask for in a small neighborhood bistro?  Confidently recommended!
UPDATE on alternate venue within previous review.... Havana Cafe closed down the street.... now only 2 locations in Central & Northern Phoenix. :(  makes me  sad, but you can still give Babaloos  a try for your own personal experience if you're craving Cuban cuisine.
Babaloo's is a lovely Cuban restaurant located in the beautiful Foothills of Ahwatukee. Family owned and operated, you can;t go wrong here! If you are looking for a great date night or just a place to enjoy a nice cocktail or glass of wine- you need to come check this place out. Service is amazing and the food is fantastic!
Babaloos has great choices for those who eat gluten free, so many yummy choices. We loved the Platano and Yuca appetizer. 

A few "Yelpers" recommended the egg plant dish, which I did not like. The rice, beans and tostones that come with it were very good. The others at our table had the Ropa Vieja which they all loved. 

Tonight the service was slow (a Thursday). They only had one waiter/bar tender and one hostess/waiter. We will visit again.
So we had a groupon, and decided to check this place out. It was a little deep (navigation took is a strange way) but let me say, it was worth the drive. We got there around 730 and were told we could either sit outside (it was chilly, no heaters) or there'd be a 40 minute wait, but we could sit at the bar. We sat at the bar, but they ended up getting us a table relatively quick.

What a great little restaurant, it had the feel of a small little bistro. so dope. We started with the Yucca Fries with Picadillo and Manchego, soo good. Think Cuban version of chili cheese fries, but not as heavy or messy. awesome.

I ordered the lechon asada which came with a mixed black bean and rice side and some roasted yucca, served with a garlic cream sauce. Loved Loved Loved this dish! If I had any suggestions, I do prefer larger pieces of pork instead of is being SO shredded, but that's a minor thing. The dish is legit

The wife ordered an empanada and a side of red beans and white rice. The empanada was just okay, rice and beans standard. With the groupon, we got out around 30 bucks!!  What a great little spot, MUCH better than any Cuban food I've had in the Valley. Way to go Babaloos!!!
I have been really looking forward to trying a different Cuban spot as it is so close to my Puerto-Rican food. I was a little apprehensive, though, since other Cuban restaurants were just okay. Thankfully, after a confusing and hella long drive, we arrived to this place that exceeded my expectations. When we got there, they quoted us a 40 minute wait but offered a table outside. With no heaters outside, I was like hell naw (and getting pissed after that long ass drive). We decided to sit at the bar and as soon as a table opened up, we were seated at a table within 15 minutes, so that was nice. While we sat at the bar, my husband ordered a glass of Malbec and they brought out some Cuban bread with honey butter. Being the bread head I am, I ate 75% of it...very good. Flaky on the outside, soft on the inside. For an app, we ordered a Yucca fries app with picadillo and Manchego cheese melted on top (their take on chili cheese fries but with Yucca). They were damn good. I wasn't very hungry in the first place and after overdoing it on the bread, I decided on some red beans and rice with one chicken empanada. I did not like the empanada mainly because it laid on a bed of mango salsa with a sweet sauce drizzled over the empanada. I am more traditional with my empanadas so I wasn't diggin the sweet elements. The red beans were bland but good when I added a little salt. Although my meal was just okay, there are many more dishes I'd be happy to try. My husband's Lechon was delicious, though, and the side of Yucca was just right. 

Although this place is in the cut, it is well worth the trip. Service was great, too. I would choose this over Havana Cafe any day....
For those of you planning to visit us, Babaloo's is no more.  For those of you who know us I just wanted to take a minute to leave a heartfelt thank you.

When someone opens a new restaurant it is an exciting moment, a nervous moment, a scary moment all rolled into one.  If the worst thing that happens is a rack of wine glasses falling from the roof in a hail of glass then the opening can be considered a success-many have endured far more nightmarish openings in this industry.  

As the weeks, months, and years go by a funny thing happens to the special restaurants, the good restaurants: they begin to feel like family and people come back.  This was where I came in, almost a year ago today, as a simple restaurant server with over 10 years of previous restaurant management experience.  I was not the best server, but I noticed that both customers and employees alike were always grateful, and made me feel at home.  This was the beauty of Babaloo's-it felt like family.  

To Robert, Myra, George, Adam, Emily, Jon, Rob, Erika, and anyone I may have forgotten I offer my deepest thanks for allowing me to be part of your lives.  To all of the wonderful people who came to see us over and over again, I would far prefer to work a table seated with people I know, and you all never failed to help me out with that.  Babaloo's did not close because of the folks that supported us, it closed because sometimes in the bleakest economy a business fails, even despite the greatest efforts of those trying to keep it going. 
It was a fun ride.  Thanks Rob!
Sorry to say Babaloos is no CLOSED, they had good food, it was not a great location.
I'm officially in my happy place! Yummy homemade Cuban food one mile from my house!!!

My BFF, a co-worker, and I headed over here for lunch. As the name would indicate, it's a buffet, but you can order anything off the buffet as a main dish and a few other standard items are available daily (Cuban sandwiches - didn't try these today, but they looked just like the ones that I sucked down in Miami, Plantainos Maduros - yummy caramelized plantains, Tostones - smashed plantains fried in to little fritters, and OMG good Flan).

We got there a little before noon and the place was full. The crowd was a mix of families and suit types. We were greeted by the friendliest of staff and headed off to the one free table. The menu and prices for the buffet vary by day and they are closed on Mondays. Take out is sold by the pound, so eating in is definitely the best bargain. As this was our first visit, we each decided to have the buffet to ensure we got to sample as much as possible.

The main buffet has around 14 items. We tried the following:
*Pollo Frita (Fried Chicken) and Fricasé de Pollo (Sauce Chicken) - both were juicy and tender.
*Estofado de Res Al La Jaudinera (Pulled Pork with Vegetables in a Tomato Sauce)
*Puerco Asado (Unbelievably good roasted Pork - tender and juicy with just the right amount of fat for flavor)
*Yuca Root (served in large slices - tender and yummo)
*Con Gris (Black Beans and Rice)
*Frijol Colorado (Red Beans)

In addition they had two additional rices, menudo, pan (little rolls - these were the only things that were somewhat generic), and a soup (but we all thought it was way too hot out to try this one).

There are two smaller buffets - one with fresh fruits and a tossed salad, and one with deserts (which we didn't even get to because we were so full).

We added the Tostones (4 smashed plantains - fried in to little pancake like fritters) and Plantainos Maduros (caramelized plantains that we dusted with sugar - sending them right over the edge of gastric heaven). I think these were each $1.50 extra.

Ended the meal with cubano coffee (mine con leché) and flan (really some of the best that I have had - dense and creamy with just the perfect amount of caramel sauce). I think the coffees were $1.50 each and the flans were $3.00 (well worth the investment and the perfect ending to a wonderful meal).

Lunch ran about $16.00 for each of us, but we could have gotten out for under ten each if we had just stuck to the buffet. They have a decent selection of Cuban / Latin drinks, and coke products. And I'm pretty sure I saw someone with a Corona, so they must serve beer as well.

This place used to be a Pizza Hut and doesn't appear to have gone through much updating, so don't expect much in the form of atmosphere, but the food is really good - not fancy (more like you would get at someone's home), and is very clean. The wait staff is extraordinarily nice and as they knew we hadn't been there before, kept asking if everything was ok and if we had any questions.

One and a half hours after entering the place, we rolled ourselves back out in to the heat and vowed to be back soon! We were all so full that we would have been more comfortable if they had a wheel barrow service that could have ported us to the cars, but c'est la vie...

So if anyone out there is looking for a good alternative to Havana Café, please check this place out. The food isn't fancy schmancy, but it is all very good and authentic (Mama does the cooking!) and the Latin music in the background will have your toes tapping throughout your meal.
Hubby and I met Julie P. and Julia T. for Sunday brunch recently. Having enjoyed Havana Cafe, we were eager to try this more homespun version of Cuban food. 

Although consistently hopping, there seemed always to be a seat for newcomers. Service was slow at times, but to be fair, there did not seem to be quite enough staff to serve everyone. Our waitress was also a busser and cashier, and remained friendly in spite of clearly being overwhelmed.

The buffet itself had many different items, and I liked some more than others. The beans, rice, fried chicken, yucca, pork, and chicken soup were all stand-outs. The whole table ended up surprised that what we thought was a strip of beef ended up being liver. The rice pudding was also quite good, as were the items we ordered off-buffet, such as the tostones (fried savory plantain patties) and the far sweeter quartered plantains. The flan was the second best I have had in the Valley (first being Comedor Guadalajara). We were all glad we had the experienced Julie P. to guide us, and we stayed a long time, conversing, digesting, and getting to know each other. I'm sure Hubby and I will be back to experience more, especially as it seems that the menu is not static.
I find it only appropriate I make Sabor Cubano my first review.   First of all, I am 1/2 cuban and was raised primarily in a cuban environment.

When I first happened upon this place my eyes lit up in excitment.  "A Cuban Buffet joint!! no way!!!"  .. Yes way... but, to be honest, I entered expecting a halfed effort at cuban food.   I mean, how good can it be?  There are no cubans in Phoenix.. and the only well known attempt at Cuban cuisine is "Havana Cafe" (i'll keep my mouth shut on this one and review them MUCH later).

On with the review.. I LOVE this place.  Do you remember the scene in "Ratattoulli" where Anton Ego has his first bite of the dish Ratatouille and was overwhelmed with euophoric adolecent emotion? Well.. that was me. 

This is the closest to Grandmas food I have EVER had.  If you;ve never been to a 1st generation Cubans home and eaten thier food.. then you might as well hop on over to Sabor Cubano because THIS is what cuban food tastes like.  This is 100%Cuban "comfort" food all the way.. and done right.  I took my brother there a couple of weeks ago.  We decided to give it an 8.  My  Grandmas food is an 10, Moms is a 9.. this place an 8.

The servers, possibly daughter/relatives  of the owners are all  Cuban and friendly.  The food is all there.. there is no staple in Cuban food  missing.   All of the carb and protien overload you can hope fore. The plantano fritos and platanos maduros have to be ordered off the menu and will set you back about another  5 bucks total, but have them.  Any traditional cuban meal is eaten with a side of sweet of fried plantains.  Try the "Materva" while you're there.  A Cuban soft Drink made of "Mate root" and of course// finish your meal off with a "cafecito cubano" (cuban coffee), she'll confirm your order as an "Espresso" so that you are aware its a small strong shot.

I applaud this place for thier genuitiy and effort. You'll find I am not usually as positive in a review and I'll throw constructive criticsm in more often than not.  I just wish they had "Iron Beer".. another poplular cuban soft drink.. and maybe knock off 2 bucks from the buffet cost., but now I'm just being cheap ...hey no ones perfect.
It's a buffet so honestly I don't think I could ever give it 5 stars.   They had a very good variety, about 6-8 entrees, about 4 sides, a small salad bar and a small desert bar. 

The flavors were pretty solid. The biggest problem was that most of the entree items had dried out, and it was only 12 noon.   If they had plastic covers or covered the meat items with sauces it would have been much, much better.

The starter item of plantains were good, but a little sweet for me.  I didn't finish them.

Not bad and I might go back but if I'm going to a buffet I'd rather stick to my Indian buffets.
I can't honestly believe that I am giving a buffet 4 stars, but I can't help it.  The husband and I decided to try something new after a failed attempt at Stacy's Smokehouse (they only take cash).  A quick turnaround and a short drive later, we arrived at Sabor Cubano.  I already knew I liked the place when the first thing I saw upon walking in was a giant fish tank.  I'm a sucker for fishies.  The girl who greeted us was super sweet and her accent was absolutely adorable.

Now, I'm no expert on authentic Cuban food, but I did try a really good Cuban place in Miami and this was right along the lines of that place.  The buffet is small but comprehensive.  There are a couple different types of beans, a few offerings of rice, a soup, and many meat dishes.  Oh, before I forget, there are these amazing little fried wonders called croquettes (I think) and they were insanely good.  I have no idea what they are or what was in them, but I ate like 6 of them.  The beans were very tasty but the rice had been out too long (the place was empty when we got there).  The meat dishes however were really great.  The meat was all very tender and juicy.  I'm not really sure how Cuban food is prepared, but from what I discovered here, everything is slow roasted and delicious and full of deep, full bodied flavor.  The yucca is also really really good and something I had never tried before, kind of like tastier mashed potatoes.  To end our meal, I decided to put off my previous conceptions about flan and ordered what is considered The New Times best Flan in 2008.  It was good.  I was a little off put by the weird texture, but the sweetness kept pulling me in.  There is also a small salad and dessert buffet.  The dessert is nothing spectacular, rice pudding that I did not like, simple chocolate pudding, and blueberry muffins (???),

I hope this place is doing well.  It's nice to have a different buffet option other than the million Chinese buffets and the generic Hometown/Old Country Buffet.  It's also right off the 19th and Camelback lightrail stop so there is no excuse to not try it.
In search of buffet food that was neither Chinese or Sizzler, we found Cubano.  Walking in, it seems a bit confusing but the sweet hostess/waitress was very helpful in explaining things.  I really liked that you could just start digging into the buffet without waiting for a ticket or standing in line and paying.  So we attacked the buffet looking to try a little of everything.

The item that stands out the most to me was the Yucca Root.  While it wasn't the best tasting thing on the tray, it was the most surprising thing.  I did not think it would be nearly as good as it was but it was amazing.  I even had a second helping.  I am a big pork fan and theirs was excellent.  The beef and chicken dishes were great too.  I had a bowl of the traditional Cuban soup (whatever it was called) and loved it.  Great food.

The dessert tray didn't look that great so we decided to try the "Best Flan' as voted by PHX New Times."  I am not a flan fan, at all, but we were feeling adventurous so we gave it a shot.  It was pretty good.  I'm not sure if it was great...the texture is too much for me...but I enjoyed the taste of it.  If you like flan, give it a try, I guess.

The place is a bit dingy and feels like an abandoned "Mariscos"-type place.  They did have baseball on so I couldn't complain about the entertainment.  The waitress was good but I can see her being overwhelmed if the place was packed.  

I will be back, without a doubt.  It is a very short walk from the LRT station at Camelback and 19th so that is a big plus as well.  The variety and price make this a great place to hit up when you want some savory food but aren't sure exactly what you want.
I went to April Office hours at Drip on Thursday and really enjoyed getting to know some of the people that populate the Yelp community. 
One of the things I like about Yelp is that people actually get together to talk about food, culture, art, etc. 
I spend way too much of my life with my head buried in a monitor, dealing with electro-mail and what not:)
So, given the crowd at Office Hours, it probably isn't incredibly surprising that after Office Hours, we decided that we had better get something to eat...I need my 7 square meals a day or I get cranky...low blood sugar:)
I set out for Sabor Cubano, with Mr. K and Brian S. (as agreeable a pair of lunch companions as there are:).
I had never been to Cuban Flavor, although I am big fan of Cuban food (and cuban cigars, but no,no,no,no, I don't smoke them no more...I've been following Jim W's song title thread:). 
I like Havana Café (a review for another day), but I had not had some of the "down home" or "en casa" Cuban food that we got at Sabor Cubano.
I can take or leave buffets, as general rule (I think "sneeze guard" is just a suggestion, in the buffet line, frankly...I have seen far too many people with their head under the Plexiglas, trying to get that last pickle or radish to be comfortable that it keeps much in the way of disease out of the food:). 
For you non-buffet types, Sabor Cubano has table service, Cuban specials (sandwiches, beef dishes, etc.).
But "danger" is my middle name and the lunch buffet was truly delightful. 
I got to sample so many cubano dishes that I hadn't tried before. 
They had navy beans and ham, with giant ham hocks sitting in the beans in the hot table...delightful:) ; they had 3 different types of chicken on the bone, all seasoned and prepared differently and all delicious. There were spicy black beans and red beans, several different kinds of rice, potatoes that really complemented one of the chicken dishes.
Chicken Croquettes, Beef, fish, and vegetables and soup, all cooked in a Cuban style completed the hot offerings. Everything was well prepared, and nothing was dried out and tired (something you see in buffets on a pretty constant basis).
The salad bar was clean and the vegetables fresh, and the desert bar had custard and a rice pudding that looked great and authentic (I didn't have desert...I am trying to watch my figure:)
A very solid offering for under $10, including drinks. It didn't hurt that we had some great conversation and few laughs during lunch, too! 
Sabor Cubano stays in the rotation:)
Brian and Mr. K, thanks again for pointing me south to Cuba! (or was it northwest?).
After viewing the mostly positive information presented on this site, we thought we would check out this restaurant for a taste of Cuba.  Sadly, we were greatly disappointed in almost every aspect of our dining experience.

The waitress pretty much ignored us when we arrived, and seemed indifferent to us over most of our meal.  They no longer have a buffet, and we were also not able to order the Cuban Sandwich on the day we went (though the waitress never explained why).

Although the food we ordered was tasty, the meat dishes were a bit tough.  I'd rate the food itself no higher than 3 stars over all in quality, and the price was very steep for what we received.

Poor service, high prices, and mediocre food...it was very disappointing, and we won't be back again.
After two weeks of a major craving for some Cuban food (guess I'm feeling a little homesick lately), I took advantage of my day off from work to make the 45 minute drive to Sabor Cubano from Chandler. 

I was looking forward to having a Cuban meal prepared by a Cuban mom. I suspected it MUST be better than Havana Cafe (no offense to them, their food isn't bad).  I just know what homestyle Cuban cooking tastes like and that's what I was hoping to get.  Hopefully some ropa vieja, some black beans, some tostones... perhaps take home some croquetas. And of course, some Cuban bread which I'd been craving like a fiend for 2 weeks here. 

Also, I'd heard it was a buffet. Pretty cool, I guess, so I could just get a little bit of this or that, and taste the rest of their dishes, in addition to what I wanted. 

When i got there, I walked in to find it was NOT a buffet anymore, but a full service sit-down restaurant. I walked in, and there were a few empty booths, but otherwise the place was pretty busy. Two servers walked by me several times, and I just stood there, unsure if I should just grab a table or if I had to wait to be seated. Finally one of the girls asks me if I have been helped (which i think she knew the answer, so the question was pretty unnecessary). 

Once at my table, it took another long while to get one of them to come to my table. I want to say 15 minutes, but I'm guessing it was more like 5 and i was just so hungry that it felt like an eternity. I got my glass of water, which on a 114-degree day could have been a gallon of water and I still wouldn't have quenched my thirst. I placed my order, starting with the major stuff - ropa vieja with rice and black beans, and a side of tostones. Then I asked for some croquetas to go. "Oh we don't have any more..." What? it's barely 12 PM and you opened at 1130, and you don't have any croquetas left? What the F? I was so disappointed. She pointed to a large party in the center of the room and said they pretty much ordered all of them. F-ing greedy gluttons. Anyway, so then I ask her if they have Cuban bread. She says they don't make Cuban bread, but they have some little rolls they will bring out before my meal with some butter and garlic. Boo.

A few mintues later, the little breads arrive. Nothing memorable, I could have done without them. But I ate them anyway. Did I mention I was starrrrrrving?

As I waited for my meal, I took some time to look around and take in the scenery. The other diners were a pretty eclectic mix, some obviously latinos, some obviously not, some hard to tell. But the place was packed. I found it odd that the waitresses would bring out a table's dishes one at a time, rather than on a tray wiht a little table, the way i've always seen it done at most cuban restaurnats. No wonder it takes forever to get some service. The huge party in the center of the room - wow... it took forever for everyone on the table to have a dish in front of them. And hten another table, one at a time. And then another... Jeez! no hustle whatsoever to get people their food... I guess if I'd been there with other people the long wait would not have felt so long, but I was sitting there by myself with nothing to do but observe and wait.

Finally got my food. Let's see... Ropa vieja, REALLY good. Honestly I loved this part of my meal the best. Spiced just right, not too much tomato sauce or liquid, not overpowered by peppers and onions. Just the right blend. White rice, it was fine. Just white rice. I didn't eat much of it. Tostones - AWESOME. Crispy, not greasy, and not "raw" in the middle the way the thicker cut tostones are at some other restaurants. How did they know to make them just how I like them?! Damn. I wish there'd been more than three. And then there were the black beans. They were good. Just good. But then again, I am biased. My madrina holds the title for "Best Frijoles Negros in the World". But these were good. i'd eat them again.

I didn't order dessert or a drink. After the disappointing croqueta/cuban bread news, I just wanted to eat my food and go. 

I did end up hanging out with one of the owner's daughters, and I learned they came to AZ via LA. She said she'd been to Miami once, but doesn't remember a lot about that trip. From our conversation, I gathered there was a bit of a disconnect between "these" Cubans and the Cubans from my hometown in terms of food. She didn't know what a frita is. So of course I got her email address and emailed her a couple of photos of a frita masterpiece from El Rey de Las Fritas.

She did reassure me that they normally don't run out of croquetas like this, but that if I ever want some of her mom's home made croquetas, i can call ahead and they'll hold them for me. She also makes pastelitos de guayaba. 

So... the final word on Sabor Cubano. I liked the food I had. Wish they'd have a few things they don't seem to have (namely el Pan Cubano!) Come on, Phoenix! Get with the program already!
The ropa vieja here is really delicious, and I would consider their frijoles blancos the tastiest bean dish I've ever had. I'd also come here if just for the fried fish fillets served on some Fridays.  The rest of the dishes are par for the course for a buffet restaurant, and you risk not having much to choose from if you come late for lunch. I really do like eating here, especially when I come early enough for lunch when they haven't run out of some of the more popular dishes; and the friendliness of the staff makes the overall dining experience quite pleasant. It's a bit pricey for a buffet, though, and that's the main reason I don't eat there as often as I would like to.
After watching my favorite TV chef  Daisy Martinez prepare ropa vieja in her PBS cooking program last night, I had an overwhelming craving for that dish, so today I headed to Sabor Cubano where this was my fave dish when I came for buffet. As one of the recent reviewers mentioned, this establishment is NO LONGER A BUFFET, but is now a full-service restaurant. But that was OK, I came here for the ropa vieja. It was as delicious as I remembered it to be from my previous trips here, and came with a tasty side of moros (black beans and rice), a simple fresh salad, and toasted buns. A great satisfying meal, which would have been perfect if they lowered the volume of the music on their sound system.
If you love Cuban food this is the spot for you !  All the meals begin at approximately $10 but you get more than enough to eat sometimes more than you can eat depending if you arrived really hungry or not.

Service is a little slow.  I don't know what the hell their problem is because like you will be sitting there and it will take up to 10 minutes for them to come and take your order even when they are not busy.

The food arrives about 10-15 minutes after you order it but that is worth the wait because they cook your meal from scratch and it is so delicious.

They serve soda by the can and there are no free refills so expect to pay about a $1.50 per soda.  They have a great selection of beer and they are average priced.

It can be a little loud in there because of the loud music but its their restaurant so what do I care.  I suppose if became a nuisance to me I could ask them to turn in down ?

My favorite meal is the Chicken cooked in Cuban spices and white rice on the side.  They give you a very small salad to complete your dinner on the plate.  Also, with the meal comes a decent size ( picture oversize coffee cup ) of Cuban black beans.  OMG !!! 

That right there folks is worth the wait and $10 bucks !!!

They are coming out with some other caribean food as well.  Last time I was there about 2-3 weeks ago there was a puerto rican family enjoying puerto rican food !

My friend enjoyed some Cuban coffee !!!

The family restaurant are Cuban so rest assure you will get a true Cuban dinner.
You have to understand that my review comes from a Latino point of view and that I am an excellent cook.  On the particular day that I visited Sabor Cuban, I just didn't want to cook so why not let someone else cook for me? 
I ordered the ropa vieja with moro rice and hubby ordered stewed ch.icken with white rice and black beans. We ordered green plaintains as a starter.  When the plaintains came--there were 3 on a plate.  Really, 3 plaintains is an order?? Come on guys, a whole plaintain costs 99cents and can yield 8 plaintains.  Very Chintzy.  My ropa vieja was tough and not flavorful.  The moro nice was clearly made with converted rice (which is not so bad for a restaurant) but with real long grain rice this dish can be amazing.  This was not--average at best.  My husband's stewed chicken (one thigh) was described by him as just OK.  By the way, the hot sauce and the water was great.  I have been considering opening up a restaurant for latin food in Phoenix (not Mexican, Latino) because the food is really mediocre.  I think I would blow them out of the water.  I would like the opinion of Yelpers.  Do we need a latin-caribbean restaurant in Phoenix?
We were on our way to the Heard Museum...but diverted to Sabor Cubano.  I was in the car with my mom-in-law (married a Cuban), sister-in-law (1/2 Cuban), and aunties.  And we kept talkin' about Cuban food.  Mom mentioned a Cuban restaurant nearby, but couldn't remember the name.  Thanks to yelp and my droid, we found it!

I had the signature Cuban sandwich.  This might have the been the best one I have ever had in my life.  The bread, the pork, the ham, pickles, cheese was delicious.  I finished my sandwich and felt really guilty that I brought none back for my hubbie.  To top it off, I had a cortadito and thick creamy flan.  Bad wife - hee hee.  (We will come back here, definitely before heading back to the OC.)

The only drawback...service was slow.  But it was well worth the wait.
Here's one where I really wish there was a "3.5" option.

I am a fan of Cuban food, but really haven't eaten enough of it (or visited either Miami or Cuba) to consider myself a connoisseur. This food was filling, good, and just what I asked for, even if it did not completely blow me away.

The service at Sabor Cubano was friendly and efficient. The portions were large and the flavors were distinct. Was there a slight Mexican flavor to their black beans? There was, but the fish I ordered was delicately breaded with a definitely non-Mexican sweet-smoky seasoning. My dining companion enjoyed his pork chop and the whole experience was satisfying.

Prices are a bit higher than the standard Mexican restaurants in the neighborhood. Dinner plus a non-alcoholic drink and a shared appetizer will probably run you close to $25 for your half. The cuts of meat and portions are more substantial than your usual "hole in the wall," however, so the prices seemed totally reasonable.  You can go much more budget with one of the sandwiches, instead of a steak or fish fillet. Next time I drop in, I will be trying the traditional pork sandwich, as I have no doubt it will be tasty.

The bigscreen TV was playing Gigante Sabado, which was hilarious, if distracting. Based on the various pennants, I imagine there would have been sports on had any favorite teams been playing.

We were told that there is live music on Fridays. I can vouch for the quiet and relative non-crowd on a Saturday evening, if liveliness is not your thing. 

Was this the best Cuban I have ever had? No. But it was good, and a lot of times, that's all dinner has to be.
I've only been once so far for lunch take out, but it was an easy 4-star experience.  I think the girl working the counter (and serving) was an absolute charm, and you could tell she loved working there.  The other staff seemed equally enthused.

I'm a fan of Cuban food, but not a fan of the lack Cuban food in the valley.  I was excited to find this gem hiding along I-17 the other day, and definitely expect to be back.

As for the food, I've only tried one thing, and it was kind of weird.  But listen to the name and the concept, and try to give me a reason not to try it?  Papo Relleno, which I think means stuffed, fried potato.  Which is the perfect name for this - baked potato, stuffed with chicken and stuff, and then deep fried.  It was kind of like a potato latke of sorts, not amazing but definitely worth the try.  It came with a "salad" (some lettuce underneath it, with what tasted like Italian dressing) and a thing of chicken soup.  Careful, they keep the soup hot - don't burn your tongue like I did!

Can't wait to go back, and will definitely be here before giving Havana Cafe another shot any time soon.
The atmosphere and service alone make this place 5 stars. While my friend and I stumbled our way into this restaurant, there was a table full of Cuban people enjoying a celebration. They looked like they were having a blast, and were sweet enough to let us in on their party. This led to us have a 2+ hour Cuban dance party. They even made sure to get everyone in the back in on the fun!

The waitress was awesome as well. Sharing a few dances with my friend as well.

The food was good, though nothing could match the glorified fishsticks at Las Vegas in Miami. So sad about that, yet the crispy fish and plantains were delicious. Just wish that it could have been on the same level of Las Vegas.

Other than that, the food and music are rocking and the service is outstanding! A diamond in the rough in Central Phoenix!
We moved here from California this January and have been looking for a true Cuban cuisine with not only good atmosphere but!   Good authentic Cuban food.  WELL WE FOUND IT!!   Where are the Food testers? 
 This needs coverage!!

We were seated and then welcomed by the owners Eduardo and Nancy who are the nicest people you will meet.  Nancy is from Cuba and the cook, WOW can she cook!!!

They will make you feel right at home!!  Proud to be Cubans they display many Cuban flags and brought nostalgicold photographs that bought memories of once upon a time.  Along with the creole music brings this experience to be unique and truly fantastic.  They are also bringing in live music, I can't wait... 

We enjoyed seeing baseball Cuban players there eating and having a great time, of course I took pictures with them! The game is on on the many TV's and he taps onto a Cuban channel to really get the scoop, just ask the owner to show you.

Don't miss this place it's the best I have found in Phoenix!!

Much Suerte con SABOR CUBANO!!   You will see us often...besos.
Hi - I'm Cuban and went here mid week last year. My husband wanted to treat me to my favorite food. Sorry, this was not only a major disappointment but the place is an old Pizza Hut with dirty walls and questionable food. Did not enjoy this experience at all. We need good Cuban food in Phoenix. Until then, I will be heading to NYC or Miami. Nice try.
I'm very excited about their authentic and inexpensive menu. We just had appetizers today, but can't wait to come back for dinner. The mofongo and alcapurrias were beautiful.
Doooood! Like a number of reviewers, I'll admit that I'm probably biased because I love cocina Cubana & just haven't been able to find any that's authentic in a while. I used to teach after school in Corona, Queens and I'd always stop for a sandwich, some ropa vieja, tostones, cafe Cubano, chuletas etc. for lunch. But that's another review (psst...7 train to Roosevelt avenue stop from grand central if you find yourself in nyc).  Anyway, I ordered some basics - the Cuban sandwich, frijoles negros, the mofongo and a cafe Cubano. I wasn't expecting much so I didn't want to go for the real entrees and be disappointed, like the way I am at most so-called Mexican restaurants in Phoenix. Yikes!

The woman running the show was great. Very nice, smiling and offered to bring the coffee out while I waited if I wanted. She was conscientious enough to make sure I knew that cafe cubano already has sugar in it and that it's espresso unless you order it con leche (with milk), but I take it black and sweet (no, I don't mean that as a double entender- ha!) That's when my expectations changed.

It was delicious. All of it. I know mofongo isn't technically of Cuban origen, but it was proper, and I haven't had Puerto Rican cuchifrita in a minute either. 

And, while it wasn't crowded, there were other tables there that had ordered ahead of me and I still got my food in 7 minutes, which is exactly how long she said it would take.  It sounds like others felt the service was slow, but I didn't.  I would have expected slower at a small family-run joint like this where one woman is working in the kitchen, waiting tables and watching two kids. 

You have to remember that most of this food is roasted or stewed and that Cuban food, and frankly most things Cuban, are made slowly and deliberately by hand, and that in island culture, few things are done in a rush. So sit down, sip some coffee or Malta or a beer and be patient already,especially if you order ropa.vieja or other things that are SUPPOSED to take a while to make properly. Its worth it. If youre in a hurry go to jack in the box or somethinh. I'm going back to try everything.  My total bill was $13 and I had to take most of the beans and rice home. I'm 6'2 and 220 lbs so that may give you an idea what you might spend to fill yourself up. I fail to see how that is overpriced.  Where have you guys been eating? Best ever? No - but legit and above average for sure.

P.S. it ain't fancy. It's a Cuban restaurant. Set yourexpectations accordingly. And they do have a few rum drinks now too, and according to the menu, in fine print near the bottom,  Cuban rum (shhhhh!) but I'd recommend going for the food - there's not really much of a bar to speak of.

Now I just need to find a good jamaican spot.

P.S. it's not a buffet anymore as others have recently mentioned. Fresher food, more space for people to dance or socialize, and fewer gluttonous patrons! Buffets gross me out.
Love this place.  Went to visit my mother-in-law and she said she wanted to eat something so we went to lunch.  This place is right around the corner for her job - so lucky - and so we decided to try it.  The service is great, the food is fabulous, and the atmosphere is even better.  I haven't made it back in a while but I love this place.  The black beans are wonderful - you can eat them all on their own. True Cuban food.  I am Puerto Rican and Cuban and really missed the food - until now.  

Feel lucky we stumbled upon it - can't wait to go back!
This restaurant has great food! My favorite is their fish and their limonada drink is spectacular! The atmosphere is okay and the service is good but the best part is their amazing food!
The food was amazing and very authentic. The place is owned and run by a mother/daughter team; the Mother cooks all her family recipes and the Daughter runs the front of the house. The hours of operations are: M-T 11AM - 8PM, F-S 11AM - 10PM and S 12PM - 8PM.

Subscribe to them on Facebook for special events.
I love this place!!! I lived in miami for five years and ate at every authentic cuban restaurant in town, so trust me when I tell you that Sabor Cubano is authentic home cooking.  The lady who owns the place is the chef and she makes the food with a lot of care and love... Great service and a fun, relaxed atmosphere make this my go to place for tasty cuban food.
We were on our way to Flagstaff and hungry. We thought to stop off at a burger joint to grab some burgers then we passed a restaurant sign that read "Cuban" food. I inquired of my siblings and aunt if they ever had Cuban food and they said they had not so I made a U-turn and said, "Then you must try at least once in your life, my treat."

We walked in to find a nice family atmosphere and actual Cubans dining at the restaurant which made it even all the more delightful being that we have a rule when dining at ethnic eateries. If the ratio to ethnic food to its ethnic guests is not at least 80% then the food is not authentic.

We ordered ...
Vaca Frita - Shredded Beef  Fried with garlic, and other spices
Fricase de Puerco - Pork marinated and cooked in a red sauce
Rabo Encendido - Oxtail stew cooked with cuban spices, red wine on Creole sauce hot

I warned my family members that eating Cuban rice can have an effect on them right away. They would want more and more. We ate till we were gladly filled and hit the road. They love Cuban food now! We will be back!
I love this place.  The family is very sweet and the food is real deal homecooked Cuban food ... as good as I remember eating in Havana.  I love the Fricase de Pollo and my hubby loves the oxtail.  The fruit juices/smoothies are delish too!
This is closed but it was good while it was open.
This is the best hole-in-the-wall Mexican establishment I have found in Arizona. With Mexican food I generally believe that there is an inverse relationship between taste and price, Bisteces is an excellent example of this phenomenon. Bisteces serves yummy authentic Mexican food in a cute environment with hand painted walls. I will also say that the bathroom is one of the cleanest public restrooms I have visited. Although probably not worth a long drive, I will definitely return to Bisteces.
I went here tonight for dinner (take-out), and it was pretty tasty. The rice is yummy, the beans were good. I got the #7 which was bisteces steak & onions - it was good, but next time I would probably try the chicken enchiladas, because those look awesome.

I also got a super fresh, super delicious horchata. And the man who took my order (I'm pretty sure it's the owner) topped it off. (That's awesome!)

The place was VERY clean, quite a few booths available, had a TV. Anyway, I loved it and I'll be going back again for sure.
A few bucks more than your fast food Mexican chain restaurants, but well worth the price. Right next to my office and has quickly become a favorite. I get the machaca (shredded) beef burritos or tacos, and it is always so hot I have to wait a few minutes to eat it. A+ Headed there now!
Best Mexican food I've had in a while. I just wish their tortas were bigger.
i think this place closed down and became a cuban restaurant.. i want to write a review for that place..  well, quick review.. it is good =)
This review is for the CUBAN FOODS bakery/restaurant, not the Mexican one formerly at this location. Ana and Manuel, the owners, took the time to introduce themselves and make sure that each of the 10 members in our group got great suggestions and had a very fine and delicious Cuban lunch. Highly recommended (I'm a former reviewer from Chicago). Nice variety, informal but attentive service from staff, everything prepared very well. I wish I lived much closer.
Man, this is a tough review to write.  The food was great, but the service...ugh...we were there for almost two hours.  It was a full 40 minutes to get appetizers, an hour until we got food.  It was clear they were short-handed that day, but it was Saturday at lunch, the place is small.  How about planning?  Very disorganized service too, forgetting things and getting some wrong.  Everyone was friendly, just short-handed and disorganized.

I'll go again, as it's the only place I've found in the valley closer to me than Ahwatukee that serves honest and authentic Cuban food (being Cuban myself, I've had a sample or two of what it should be).  I'd recommend trying it.  Just plan to spend a lot of time there.
This unassuming little place is lots of fun!  Our UYE for lunch here today included Norm R., José C., Mike C., Scott W. and myself.

Now José is from Cuba, & so was my dad, so we each have some familiarity with Cuban cooking, but many of the dishes here were new to me.  You get a slight description of things on the restaurant menu, but the more important thing to know is that the food here is great & whatever you order you will probably like!  We chose all different dishes & everyone in our group enjoyed their lunch!

We all started with a shared tasty appetizer, Croquetas, and then for my meal I went with the Lechón Asado ($8.49), which is pork roast with a bit of gravy & cooked onion strings.  It came with a small side salad & a big serving of really good rice with black beans.  (Yes, you want THIS rice, not white rice...  It's good, trust me!).  They serve up awesome desserts too, if you have room (or take home for later), & they're inexpensive!

I can't wait to get back here & bite my way through more of the many surprises on the menu, and Cuban Foods here (aka Bisteces) gets 5 Stars!     :-))
It's a shame this great tiny Cuban Place didn't remove the former Mexican Restaurant's sign with the name Bisteces. Also the old Mexican Food Bisteces Sign is still on one side of the shopping center too so if your looking for this place the Bisteces sign might still be up. 

This very casual place is very tiny and only has 5 or 6 tables.

We started with the Papa Rellenas (fried mashed potatoes with a tangy seasoned beef center) I didn't know that they would be so large and the size of grapefruits since they were only $3.45 and they gave us two of them. This variation wasn't breaded and seemed lighter than others. The beef inside was very flavorful but not hot with spice.

I had the Pollo de la Plancha that is basically pounded chicken breast seasoned with lime  garlic and onions. The plate didn't look very attractive but the chicken was moist and very flavorful. They gave me an extra generous portion of rice with it and the plate was garnished with a light salad. ($6.99)

My companion had the Ropa Vieja. The beef was very flavorful but not hot with spice.  He found some bay leaves in his Rice and Beans. We've seen at some other Cuban Restaurants that when you find a bay leaf in your Rice and Beans it's like a prize and you get a free drink. I doubt they do that here as I didn't ask but it might be a fun thing to know. ($7.99)

The only thing I didn't like was if you need a restroom you have to walk threw a work area.

Someone from Yelp needs to remove the Mexican food reviews from Bisteces from this place. 

I think the food from here will appeal to most people.
This is a fantastic restaurant located in the strip mall on the Northeast corner of 43rd Ave & Peoria.  The sign out front still reads "Bisteces" but there is also a sign featuring Cuba.  If you see either, you're in the right place.

I popped in around 11am and had my pick of any table in the house.  Be warned it is very small.  Drop in around dinner time and you may have to wait.  If so, it will be worth it.

The menu had a lot of options from sandwiches to meals.  After reading over the entire menu I opted for the Cuban sandwich.  I've heard many great things about the Cuban sandwich but had never had the luxury of eating one.  Elected for a side of seasoned rice & black beans as well.  The sandwich has huge.  The grilled bread was stuffed with ham, shredded pork, mustard and pickle.  While stuffed on sandwich and rice I managed to save a little room for a guava tart.  They had a few desert options in the case and this one looked the most enticing to me.  It was a worthy selection and completed the meal perfectly. 

Cuban Foods also offers a variety of Cuban soft drinks as well as American restaurant standards.  I walked away with a can of sugared water called Ironbeer.  It had a unique flavor that I cannot describe but the can boasts it includes "island spice".  It was not something I would drink on a regular basis but worth checking out for something new.  

Cuban Foods Bakery & Restaurant is a great dining option.  It's even worth the drive if a bit of a long haul.  Definitely give this place a shot.
Grabbed some take out on a Sunday night. The pollo de la plancha was very flavorful, but a bit dry. Loved the lechon asado. Both entrees had a perfectly dressed, small side salad and also came with rice. We had the papa rellenas, which had a nice thin crust covering smooth mashed potatoes around seasoned ground beef. They were delicious, especially after sprinkling on some tapatio. Can't wait to go back and try some more!
Very tasty, unassuming little restaurant serving delicious Cuban fare. f you are craving a Cuban sandwich, trust me on the fact that one order will be plenty for two. We also split an order of Carne Rellena, which are essentially two enormous potato balls (minus the hair ah ah!) filled with ground beef...

My friend and I were both stunned at the sight of the gigantic appetizer...We ended up splitting a half as we did not want it to spoil our appetite for the tasty Cubano paninis...

...Last but not least, make sure you try one of the delightful postres and in this case we had flan...All that food for fifteen bucks...so glad we split a Cuan sandwiich as sincerely one order s plentiful for two. Glad to have stumbled upon this place - just really surprised that they were not busier at lunchtime on a Friday.

According to the menu, the restaurant also serves breakfast.

Wishing you much success!
This is one of those little gems waiting to be diacovered, after visiting it a few times this is now my favorite restaurant in phoenix . I am from Puerto Rico and it is hard  to get good  Caribbean food in phoenix, therefore I fell in love with this place after coming here (by way of yelp). The food in Bisteces feels authentic with the right seasoning and preparation. I have tried other places around the area and they are descent but nothing compares to this.I would recommend trying the bistec uruguayo, it is very tasty.
The place is not called "Bisteces" any longer. It is "Cuban Foods and Bakery". Food and service was excellent. Plan to come back soon.
It would be easy to miss this place as it's tucked away in an unassuming location, but the food and service are more than enough to leave their mark and leave you wanting more. Every time I come I have a great experience and the fare is very kind to the wallet. I love coming here.
Incredible Flan..
if you know Cuban food it won't be hard to navigate the menu. If you don't.. share a Cuban sandwich with a friend. Watch the other tables to see what others are asking for. Especially the small plates.. when you see one you like, give it a try. After, a good conversation with your friend order a coffee and desert. Maybe, Cafe cubano and Flan.
This restaurant is more Homestyle then Taxi stand. it represents everything a Cuban restaurant should. Sharing a good conversation and some good food.
Did I mention they have really good Flan?
it tastes sweet where it's supposed to and doesn't where it's not...
worth a try
What a pleasant surprise this was. A good combination; good service, good price, good food. We had a Cuban restaurant in California we used to go to and get the wonderful sandwiches, deserts, and sides. The Cuban Foods Bakery is like finding it right down the street. 

I had the Cuban Sandwich and sides of banana, sweet and salty. I also ordered a sampler of deserts to take home. If you are looking for something a little different for lunch or dinner, try this place. This place is a winner!
If the courses are as good as the desserts they're getting five stars  next time.

The owner was very patient to go over the menu to us who had never tried this particular cuisine.

My wife has the sweet tooth and she loved the tartelets and bought several cakes to go.  Ciel looked particularly intriguing to her.  We have yet to try it along with the Flan.

It's tucked away and we discovered it by chance.  The name had us thinking it was another ranchero market but it's nothing like one.  It is inconspicuously hidden in a little corner with not much space at all.
We should have seen "the sign" when we pulled up to this place.  The fact that they spelled "Foods" like "Food's" should have been the first clue to drive away.  My husband and I were excited to have some Cuban food without having to drive to Scottsdale.  But guess what, I can't rate the food because we didn't get any! 

We walked in the tiny restaurant with poorly placed tables, empty bakery units, and dirty tablecloths with plastic placemats.  There was no place to stand and wait which was not the worst part.  The worst part was that the food looked good and smelled great, but NO ONE greeted us and barely gave us eye contact for over 5 minutes.  Our presence was not even acknowledged. There we stood awkwardly, almost in the middle of the restaurant, waiting to be acknowledged and asked to wait...but it never happened.  We decided to leave as we were already turned off by the poor customer service.

I am a west-sider and am always excited when I find a place that looks good and is not in Scottsdale.  The problem is that great places on this side of town are few and far between so we end up going to our favorite places (Tokyo Lobby, Takamatsu, Little Saigon, Pier 83).  West side restaurants WAKE UP!  There's lots of people on this side of town who like to eat good food!

This place won't last, and it's sad...
Que Rico! Brush up on your spanish, because the real Cuban foodies know where to come! This little hole in the wall Cuban restaurant is seriously as authentic as it gets.  I grew up in Puerto Rico, and  I'm telling you, this food is like no other.  Don't try to compare it to the likes of Havana Cafe in Phoenix . This super casual, obscure 5 or 6 table Cuban Cafe and Bakery, is tucked away in a strip mall. 
  
Please believe me, they serve THE best tostones, croquetas de jamon, pan con bistec, ropa vieja, empanada de carne and crazy delicious flan. I'm sure everything else is tasty too, but I get stuck on my faves. This probably doesn't mean a lot to some, but they serve coca cola in tall glass bottles. This is the way the serve it in Mexico, Puerto Rico and Cuba. It just tastes so much better and it goes great with a cubano (cuban sandwich). 

There is usually one girl serving the tables, and working the bakery, the owner and one or two other people in the kitchen...so service isn't what you would expect at a 5 star restaurant, but it is what you would expect at a Cuban neighbors or friends house, and that is exactly what you get.  And if you venture into this cafe a few times, the people working there will remember you and you will automatically feel like family.  

Prices are great, portions are good and the food is excellent!

Buen Provecho!
I stopped in and had dinner here. I had the bistec empanizado (breaded skirt steak) with black beans and rice it was excellent. My beans and rice were room temp that's why I gave them a 4. But their papa rellena as an appetizer a good portion and had a well balanced flavor. I was too full for deseret "senorita" so I took it to go. Overall an awesome experience.  Next time I will try the Ropa Vieja.
Cuban Foods catered my sons birthday.  Seriously the most amazing Cuban restaurant in Phoenix, AZ.   They made the birthday cake, tres leches with guava filling, probably the first time we didn't have left over cake.

Can't be compared to Havana Cafe, which in my opinion is overly priced.  Want the real stuff come to this place instead.  You won't be disappointed. 

THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!
I am originally from Miami, and one of the things I miss most is the Cuban food.  I've finally found a restaurant with the authentic flavors I remember so fondly.  This was our first time here, and I know it won't be our last.

We shared the papa relleno appetizer, which was delicious!  I had the ropa vieja with congri and sweet plantains.  Everything was wonderful!!!  My hubby had the Cuban sandwich.  He really liked the sandwich, but said the bread was too hard and crumbly.

I was also a bit disappointed that they had run out of the ham croquetas...one of my all-time favorites.

Other than that, this place makes me so happy!  I can't wait to head back for some more!!
This place is definitely authentic Cuban cuisine.  We ordered the Cuban sandwich and tostones (fried green plantains).  The food was delicious!  As another reviewer stated, the bread was a bit crumbly.  I grew up in Florida, so I have had plenty of Cuban sandwiches in my lifetime, so I know that the bread is supposed to be somewhat crumbly, but it was a little over the top.  Also, it was a to go order, and it took about 30 minutes for us to get our food.  Slow, but worth it in my opinion.  Next time we will just call ahead.  My husband made a comment about the cashier/waitress's personality (or lack thereof), but I didn't really notice anything.  She was really busy though, being the only one who was taking orders, cashing out customers, bringing out the food and cleaning the tables.  I would be miserable too, poor girl!  Anyway, the crumbly bread and slow service are what made me take away a star.  However, we will definitely be back.  It's hard to find Caribbean cuisine in the valley, especially as good as this!
Tucked away in the strip mall, this small Cuban bakery has been overlooked and undervalued by many who don't frequent the area or knows very little about the cuisine. Once inside, there are only six small tables. The red tablecloths, glass dessert counter, tiled floors, and bright natural lighting coming through the doors nicely accentuated the décor. Fellow Yelper Kurdy S and I were the only non-Spanish speaking customers during this afternoon. Like many of the nearby restaurants, the atmosphere was fitting as a casual lunch spot.

For appetizer, we shared the Tostones Rellenos de Roja Villeja ($4.49). The plate came with four fried green plantains holding a small scoop of tender shredded beef on top. The plantains had great texture on the outside to add to the soft green banana flavor on the inside. The beef was tender, flavorful, complex, and very nicely seasoned. I can eat these all day long.

We also had a side order of Plantanos Maduro Fritos ($2.49) that came with soft bananas served piping hot, perfectly fried, and sweet. It was nicely glazed, but also unexpectedly oily. 

Next, the Cuban Sandwich ($6.95) came with shredded beef, ham, and mustard. The bread had an awesome crunch with an excellent secondary chew. The sandwich was big enough to share and the dish also came with French fries. The way they kept it simple without all the fillers made this one of the best Cuban Sandwiches I've had so far.

Finally, the Filete a la Plancha ($9.99) came with a big serving of grilled sole, black bean rice, and salad. The sole was fresh, moist, tender, and had good flavor but slightly over salted. The black bean rice had great flavor and moisture--much better than the one at Victor's 1959 Café. The lightly dressed salad provided a nice change of pace to the sole.

Antithetical to the cuisine's longstanding stereotype of being bland, this place simply rocks. Service however, was friendly but also inattentive, offbeat, and at times awkward. For instance, the food and bill took forever to come, and our water was never refilled even though the restaurant was not busy. Despite the shortcomings, interested diners should still come for the impressive lineup of dishes and great prices. I'd be very interested in coming back to try their other seafood and chicken items followed by their great looking desserts.
We came here with a large group from work and had a great time, great food and great customer service.   Most of us ordered the lunch special - half a sandwich and soup and plaintains or tostones.  The cuban sandwich and garbanzo bean soup I had were really good.  The customer service was excellent.  Some of our group arrived later and so were looking kind of hungry when the food began to arrive - moments later the server stopped by with tostones for them to snack on while the waited.  The owners stopped by say hello too.  

Enjoy this small, local business!
Initially I was concerned that the half sandwich / soup lunch special wouldn't actually allow me to sample the Cuban flavors... but it does, and you can not beat that $5.99 price!  Plantains and the potaje garbanzo soup was really flavorful (ended up dipping the dry tostones into it).  The pan con bistec sandwich was a tough steak cut but not too bad.. will try the medianoche (on sweet bread) next time.  The jupina pineapple soda, as the waitress said, it really does take like a liquid lifesaver (sugar buzz).... next time I'll save room for one of the homemade desserts and a cortadito to finish.
4.5 stars

We had some really good Empanadas with Guava and Cream Cheese... WOW!  They were very good and sweet!

I had the Ropa Vieja (#31) (Shredded beef, bell peppers, onions, and Creole sofrito, in a savory sauce) with a side of Moros (White rice that is cooked with black beans and topped with sautéed garlic and oil).

My wife had the  Frijoles Negros (black bean soup with white rice on the side) and Yuca Frita (Fried yuca wedges).  Both of hers were very good too! 

We both WAY over ate!   We met the owners of the restaurant and found out that they have only been here for 2 months and now have their liquor license.  We will be going back!
How did I not know this place was just a few miles from my home? I'm so excited! 

I originally only stopped in a few hours ago to grab a "snack" on a whim. I couldn't drive by a Cuban place here in Phoenix and not stop in, even if I just ate. You know?

So I stopped in and picked up an order of ham croquettes and an order of tostones to go. While I waited, I hung out and talked to the owner, Al, who told me they've only been there since July. This restaurant is a family business he and his wife started after he was laid off earlier this year. I encouraged him to hang in there, because just talking to him, I knew I'd like the food. 

His daughter brought out some buttered/pressed bread to snack on while I waited, and it was awesome.

Just a few minutes later, my croquetas and tostones were ready, and off I went. Honestly I couldn't wait to drive the 2.something miles to my home. I had to start eating the minute I got in the car. It just smelled so good. It was sooooo worth it to make that stop. The croquetas were perfect. The way I love them back home. The tostones were just the right amount of crispy, with just the right amount of salty. Not soggy/half-raw like I've had in some other places.

After getting home, I went online to see if they had a website, and they do. (www.mimitascubancafe.com). I perused the menu again, looking for key items (arroz con pollo a la chorrera, fritas, pastelitos de guayaba, etc. - things I have had a hard time finding here done RIGHT).

Two out of three ain't bad, I guess (didn't see pastelitos on the menu). The frita on the menu sounds like a deviation from the traditional style, too. BUT, I haven't tried it. For all I know, it's darn good.

Anyway, I couldn't resist and called up to order dinner. I ordered the Arroz con Pollo a la Chorrera - and here's why. Most places I've been to here that feature this dish on the menu, do NOT label it "a la chorrera," a very important part of this dish. The dry rice is just not the same as this soupy, mushy version, which is the way my family makes it. The order takes about 45 minutes to 1 hour to prepare, which gave me some time to shower, relax and fantasize about my dinner. 

Just a few minutes ago, I got back and my husband and I went to town on it. Oh my god, it's so freaking good. Mushy yellow rice, with strips of red pepper, green peas, and shredded chicken all over the place. It came with 6 platanos maduros fritos (fried plantains), and a salad.

The plantains were darn good - just like my mom's. Soft, sweet and not too thick or greasy. The salad was blah, the way "Cuban" salad usually is - lettuce, sliced tomato and onion. Nothing spectacular, but that is what I expected because in Cuban cuisine, salad isn't really what you look forward to eating anyway. Right?

My husband loved the arroz con pollo so much he went back for seconds. What's more, even after both of us had our fill, we still have leftovers. The menu says the dish is for 2-3 people, but it truly is a generous amount! For $25.00 ($23 and change plus tax), it's good for four meals. Pretty good deal, I must say!

Overall, I am SO happy. SO VERY, VERY, VERY happy to have found this place, and even happier that it's near my house. We'll definitely be coming back for some of our favorites: Cuban sandwiches, ropa vieja, and of course I'll have to get some croquetas and arroz con pollo again. 

So far, this is the closest to what I've had in Miami, hands down. Their competitors had better watch out!
Mimitas Cafe  is nothing to brag about....maybe my expectations were too high because I had a friend rave about this place so I  expected a little too much...

Unfortunately I was disappointed. The food was nothing out of the ordinary..the rice was a bit dry and the flavor was bland
They do give fresh bread but it is very limited and when I asked for more- the waitress said no and that there was not enough..... for a restaurant???!!!

We are not going back - but people should notice that for a cuban restaurant - the owner and staff are no where near cuban.........
Having never eaten Cuban food before, we had a great experience.  The waiter/bartender was very friendly and cooperative; offering many suggestions.  The food was great and they had the best flan I have ever tasted.  We will definitely be dining here more often.
Very nice menu. Wife being from Miami looks for good Cuban food. Well happened by this place and ordered the Cuban Sandwich, black beans and rice along with Tostones, and Plantanos Maduros. All very good. Nice family run place
We have been back for dinner several times. Very good attentive service. We recommend this place big time!!
This was my first experience with Cuban food.  My wife and I went with another couple who are familiar with Cuban cuisine and Mimita's.  They raved about it so my expectations were high.  They assured me that the food, atmosphere and staff were all excellent and authentic.  

We went on a Friday night at about 8ish and the place was about 1/3rd full.  The place is kinda small and has a great Cuban vibe to it.  There was a band in the corner jammin' out Cuban style which was awesome.  Several people even got up to dance.  My wife and I almost did as well but we didn't want to embarrass ourselves.  Anyway, it was enough to just sit there sipping a freshly made mojito while listening to the tunes.

Our waiter was awesome, friendly, fast and offered up some good suggestions.  He was also the bartender.  He made our mojitos from scratch and they came out excellent, though a bit too sweet, but awesome nonetheless.

Here is an overview of our meal:

* #8 EJEMPLARES DE MIMITA'S (Mimita's Sampler) Appetizer - we ordered this so we were able to try as many things as possible.  We picked the yuca, tostones, and the papas rellenas.  We also ordered the mojo sauce on the side (sautéed garlic and onion with a hint of lime).  I liked the yuca the best which are basically big french fries but way better especially with the mojo sauce.  I wouldn't order the papas rellenas or tostones again because they were just ok.

* #43 POLLO DESHEBRADO - This was my entree.  It is basically shredded chicken in a light tomato based sauce and some rice and beans.  The dish looked awesome but I think it lacked flavor.  The chicken and sauce were pretty bland even with the sauce.  The rice/beans were ok as well.  However, I got the fried plantains with my dish and there were excellent.  Probably not the healthiest thing, but they were amazing.  I could eat those things all day long.

I also sampled the #42 BISTEC DE POLLO, #34 BISTEC ENCEBOLLADO, and the #31 ROPA VIEJA.  I hate to say this but I found each of them to be pretty bland.  I like that they make everything fresh and use lean cuts of meat and don't use tons of heavy sauces, but to me the things lacked flavor.  I was expecting an explosion of Cuban flare in my mouth but it was just bla.

For dessert we shared the #72 TRES LECHES and it was delicious.  I can't describe exactly what it is, but it was excellent.  I was later told that it wasn't even Cuban but was a Mexican dish.  Go figure...

I would rate the food here 3 stars and the service almost 5 stars.  Our waiter/bartender was excellent and one of the owners even came to our table to see if everything was good.  Most other restaurants don't care so this is a nice touch.  I'm not going to rush back here but if I am in the area and have a hankering for Cuban food, then I will definitely be back for the plantains and to try some other stuff.
I was hankering for a good fish dish a la Vera Cruz and decided to try out Mimita's Cuban Cafe since a friend had recommended it. It's sad to say that I was very disappointed with their food. I ordered the Filete de Pescado al Ajo with Moros. Needless to say, aside from the butt load of crushed garlic enough to scare off the vampires on Halloween, the food was bland underneath all that garlic. The only thing that was enjoyable was the Maduros. But it's pretty tough to mess up fried plantain.

I don't see me going back there, nor recommending it to my friends and family...and they call themselves The Best Cuban Food in Town, yuck!
Went here with my boyfriend (Nam D.... who will probably write a review after I post this) this afternoon. He was sooo excited to have Cuban food again, because he hasn't really had any since he left Tuscon to move here 6 years ago. 

But just... wow. No. I ordered the Masitas de Peurco, which according to the menu took 30 minutes to prepare. Great, I thought, more time to play Boggle while we waited! I'm not entirely sure what they did to the pork that took half an hour, but by the time it came to the table it was hardly recognizable. It was waaaaaay overcooked and a little bit on the salty side. When I went to squeeze some lime juice on it (it came with 2 slices of lime)... nothing came out of the limes. I forced about half of my pork down before Nam & I left. Took the rest of my food home with me to be polite. 

Maybe I can use the leftover pork as a doorstop or something... 

Definitely not planning on coming back any time in the immediate future.
I have never felt worse after eating at a restaurant.  Sometimes, the food is terrible and the service is terrible so you kinda enjoy bitching and moaning.  Sometimes the service is bad but food is great, so you put up with in hopes that it will return.  In this case, I had so many hopes for this place, and was treated very kindly, but unfortunately the entrees were terrible, yet I feel guilty about writing this because I want them to succeed.

There were some hopeful beginnings.  Walking in, there are bright colors and some Cuban flair, and to your left you see a nice mural depicting Cuba and the life of a family there.  Very open restaurant, and a local live band comes some evenings, very nice.

A very lengthy menu cast its spell of seduction upon us, and I tried the Chicken noodle soup (4.99 for a bowl, 3.75 for a cup) for a light starter.  Unfortunately, it was entirely too light!  The flavors were acceptable, and there were nice bits of shredded chicken, carrots, celery.  However, there was just too little of everything!  A decent sized bowl, but the contents I would guess is 10% solids and 90% broth.  It made a nice vehicle to dip the bread in as a moderately redeeming factor.

As for my entree, I also ordered the Picadillo criollo, ground beef cooked in tomato sauce with olives, potatoes and raisins.  Bland, bland, bland, a case of disproportion.  A good sized-entree for lunch at 9.99, but all tomato sauce, and trace amounts of olives and raisins.  A very thin sauce once again.  I agree that the plantains were delicious, but the rice was pedestrian and the black beans were ridiculously watery, even more so than the beef 's sauce.

With all that said, the only times I have spoken with a manager at a restaurant is if I was irate at the service AND the food.  You have to come here to feel it yourself, but its very welcoming, it's been here for 8 months, and I really want them to succeed!  In this case, I felt compelled to speak with the owner, who received my feedback as well as could be expected.  A little defensive when it came to the black beans, insisting that the watery nature is how it is served in Cuba (perhaps if you have food rations it makes sense to water down your food so much, but that really shouldn't apply here, and my two other Cuban restaurant experiences in AZ beg to differ), but accepting I wasn't happy and offering a 20% discount.  I appreciated the gesture, but told him it wasn't necessary, and that I'll appreciate more if the level of the food rises.  I do intend to return, and hope today was just a terrible, terrible first impression.  Still, because of the owner's reaction, I give this 2 stars for now, which I hope will rise next visit but fear will drop to 1.
We don't get a lot of Cuban places in the desert, but when we do it's always a treat.  Mimita's is my new favorite joint (of any kind).  First visit: we ordered the yuca fries as an appetizer.  I love these things.  Fried cassava is an excellent alternative to potatoes.  For an entree I had the legendary Cuban sandwich, and it was as good as I've had.  The pulled pork used in this sandwich, and presumably in other dishes, is citrus marinated and very juicy.  My mom had Camarones Enchilados: shrimp in a mild red sauce.  Very nice.  For our second visit, we started with the Papas Rellenas: balls of deep fried mashed potatoes stuffed with picadillo.  I loved the picadillo.  For entrees I had to have the Cuabn sandwich again (I promise to try something else next time) as did my Mom.  She enjoyed it very much.  I couldn't finish my sandwich this time and five hours later I had a delicious snack!  The service has always been prompt and gracious and quite tolerant of my rambunctious young'un.
Simply put. Best Cuban food in the east valley at a great price. Feels like I'm at home and my abui is cooking in the kitchen.
Coming from a Cuban family I was looking for authentic Cuban food and this is the place to go. The food is actually cooked by Cubans! Everything from the fried yucca to the tamales to the refreshing mamey drink, it's all good! The family owned restaurant is one I hope will stick around for a long time. The owner comes out to introduce herself which makes it feel personal and very family oriented. I've brought my family and friends many times and they've all enjoyed the food!
I found out about this place te last time I was in the Mesa AZ area over Christmas but didn't make it here, so I made sure to get in here this trip.  I had a hard time deciding what to get becasue it all looked so exotic and interesting. I ended up getting a #24 SANDWICH CUBANO
(Slowly roasted pork, ham slices, Swiss cheese, pickle chips, and mustard, pressed and toasted  $8.95) with a side of  fried yucca wedges (included).  It was delicious. 

 I still don't know what fried Yucca is but they were so good I ate them all and was only able to finish half my sandwich.  I saved the rest till the next day for lunch and it was excellent then, too.  The meat could have been a little more tender, as I love me some tender pork, but the flavor was so good it made up for that.  Now I want to go back and maybe just get a bowl of the soup--(#13 POTAJE DE GARBANZOS Garbanzo beans simmered to perfection with our special seasonings, pork, potatoes, and Spanish chorizo. Served with rice. Cup  $3.75     Bowl  $4.99) so I will have room to enjoy some dessert (DULCE DE LECHE Traditional Cuban-style milk dessert slowly simmered with vanilla, cinnamon, and lime  $4.25)  

 The service was excellent also, even though the waitress said she had just started and had to ask the owner a couple of questions to be able to answer mine.  No less than three different people stopped by my table (and others) to see if everything was okay and if I needed anything.  Way to go!
My girlfriends and I go to a different restaurant in the EV every month, this was my pick, it was delicious! 
Though the center is a bit   lacking in appeal , the food absolutely makes up for it! 
Some tried the Cuban Sandwich, the Steak Sandwich, Chicken Sandwich, and I had the Cuban Shrimp in creole sauce with the rice & beans, just wonderful. Everything is flavorful & plentiful, and the staff is very nice, as well as the great Cuban music! Can't wait to go back.
I stumbled onto this restaurant while driving last year while in town. I thought Cuban food in AZ? How good can that be? 
Well I was pleasantly surprised. First visit I stopped in for lunch and had PAN CON LECHON - Roasted pork sandwich.  It was excellent.
I came back this year and had dinner there. Ordered the appetizer sampler with -CROQUETAS DE JAMON, PAPAS RELLENAS and meat empanadas. All were great.
For dinner I ordered the #36 LECHON ASADO
Slow roasted pork, shredded and sautéed with onions in our unique marinade   $10.95 includes rice and black beans and plantains. It all tasted authentic and very flavorful. My friends had the #33 BISTEC EMPANIZADO and #43 POLLO DESHEBRADO. Everyone loved their meal. Three of us a bottle of wine and appetizer the bill was less than $80. I also had the flan. They make it there and it is one of the better flans I've had. The consistency was that of cheesecake and not jello as you see in most restaurants. I'm Cuban and grew up eating this food and tell you it is authentic.
I've now been here quite a few times, most recently last week for lunch with a coworker. This place is solid and consistent in every aspect. Great service, the food is amazing and tastes like "home" - every time. I love being on their mailing list, as they often send updates on off-menu specials, live music and more. Can't remember if it was May or July, but I know their one-year anniversary was recently. The first of many, I hope!
For the 14+ years I've lived here, Cuban food restaurant options have been few and far between and Mimita's is a good local option.  First, the recommendation to go to Mimita's came from the owner of the Carribean joint (Hot Pot) just up the street.  That was a plus without even stepping into Mimita's and that speaks volumes.

Second, don't go to Mimita's for the atmosphere and decor.  The food blows the decor out of the water and if you're a picture, paintings, and statue type restaurant goer, please lower your expectations and go for the food.

Third, service was good.  Those who are Cuban and/or create Cuban food, were busy cooking yet those serving the customer knew the menu well, inquired to any likes/dislikes, and made good suggestions.

Lastly, the food represents traditional Cuban board...working man's food from tamales, sandwiches, to entrees that would be evening dinners and/or Sunday brunches.  The food has good flavor and Cuban soul.  It hasn't been played with, experimented, and/or given any southwest cuisine touches.  

Suggestions:
Take out - any of the sandwiches with yucca wedges (skip the fries)
Dine in - Lechon Asado (#36) or Arroz con Pollo a la Chorrea (#45, worth the wait)

Constructive criticism for Mimita's:  Need a little more light to read the menu...that's all.

Enjoy the food and celebrate the growing culture in Maricopa County.
My youngest daughter and I stopped in here after spotting it as we were driving by with an eye peeled for something for dinner that was:

1. Not fast-food.
2. Not a chain.

I consider Mimita's a find.  Service from our waiter Ty was very good.

He answered many questions that my daughter had and helped ease her comfort level about Cuban food.

We started with papas rellenas which are essentially big balls of mashed potato that are filled with creole ground beef, rolled in some light coating and fried.  So fried meat n' potatoes.  Tasty.

Next we shared a sandwich, the pan con lechon.  It was pulled pork, sauteed onion and mayo in fresh bread.  Also quite tasty and large enough to share.

We finished it off by sharing an order of dulce de leche.  Wow. It is not a very large dessert but the 2 of us could barely finish it, it was so rich.  Great caramel flavors with wholesome vanilla and cinnamon, perhaps a hint of rosewater or something else.

Prices are good.  Our app, sandwich and dessert cam to about $20.
Wow, what a find!  The food, the drinks, the music are all excellent.  Wonderful mojitos with plentiful crushed mint ($4.50 during happy hour), generous portions, and a helpful wait staff.  The Bistec de Pollo, smothered in sauteed onions and green pepper, was tender enough to practically melt in my mouth.  The moros topped with sauteed garlic and oil was moist and tasty.  The flan for dessert--extra carmelly.  I think I'll be reviewing it all in my dreams.  Plus, the prices are extremely reasonable.
Yeah - a traditional Cuban restaurant.  Last night we went to Havana Cafe and had mediocre food at super high prices.  I was still craving Cuban Food and read about Mimita's on YELP.  

We loved the Sandwich Cubano with Yucca Fries.  It was good food at reasonable prices, we'll be back.  

For those that need "Gluten Free", many of the dishes are gluten free naturally (Ropa Vieja, etc.).  They will also fry up Tostones etc. in pan as they only have one fryer, so it works well for Celiacs.
The service was extremely pleasant, but the rest of the meal was terrible.

My husband and I went for lunch today.  First we ordered a salad to share $3.50..which amounted to about 1/4 cup of lettuce with a slice of cucumber and a slice of tomato.

Next I had the lunch special which was $5.99 which consisted of a very small cup of watery chicken soup and 1/2 cuban sandwich.  Both the soup and the sandwich were a big disappointment.

My husband ordered some sort of over cooked meat dish.  It was watery and tasteless.  This came with black beans and rice.  I'm at a loss for words on how to describe them but, yuck.  His entree was $10.99 for lunch!

The only thing good things was the flan and the cuban coffee.  

My suggestion is to only go there for dessert!
4 stars for the greatest fullness my tummy feels just after finishing a sampler ($8.75) with the following items:

2 (big) empanadas de carne
Croquetas de jamon 
Mashed potato balls 

Mmmmm mmmm mmm.

The tostones are usually hit or miss. I prefer mine with just the right balance of crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. I think depending on how old their grease is it will vary the taste. 

Anyway. The bread. The butter.  OMG. Good.

The bistec is just alright. But the Cuban sandwhich is good :)
Being Puerto Rican and not having ANYWHERE good to go eat our food, I was excited about this place. I heard they had a great, inexpensive lunch. My husband and I went for dinner and could not be more disappointed.

First off, I have to say that Puerto Rican food and Cuban food is 98% identical, with the minor differences still crossing the cultures. I was sad to see that this restaurant did not have arroz con gandules- a staple side dish, but the owner said she was not taught to make it. The ropa vieja was bland and just basically looked and tasted like 3 pounds of shredded beef sitting like a mountain on my plate. The relleno de papa ( potato ball) was cold on the inside. The pastele was OK and my husband's bisteca was just alright.

The atmosphere of the restaurant really needs a makeover. I am always sad to see Hispanic restaurants that look mediocre because it makes me feel like we can't do a good job at our appearance, and that's just not true. Being a Hispanic designer, I know that for certain!

I realize that many non-Hispanics might find the food here fantastic, but for Latinos I feel it will miss the mark. I wish their business success, as the owner husband and wife are VERY nice people. I just hope the food and variety will improve.
Wish this place was a little closer to home. They have some really good Cuban Sandwiches. The customer service was really good too.
One word... AMAZING! Read a few reviews, craving Cuban and close to home we took a shot at Mimitas for lunch. Sat outside and had service within a minute, beers in hand within three. Ordered the house Cuban sandwich, wife ordered the pulled pork and grilled onions.  I make it a tradition when visiting NY to eat at Cuban cafes, hard to believe there's one in my back yard that's better. Five stars on service, portion size, quality and price. Do yourself a favor and make a visit, you'll thank me for it!
This was my first "trip" to Cuba and I really enjoyed the food. I will most likely never go to Cuba, but if I do, I know I will really enjoy the food. I had the Cuban sandwich and it was so good. The meal was hot and I have no complaints. Ty was a great host!  It was sad to see this place empty on a Friday night, hopefully they will stay in business.
I was randomly searching on google for a place to try for lunch today, and Mimita's came up.. I've never tried Cuban, but I was brave today and wanted to go for something ethic and new. This place definitely had the unique and interesting atmosphere that I was looking for.

There were hand-painted murals and decor around the restaurant were so colorful and interesting, but it could have been more cleaned up as far as fixtures and bar area (looked kinda old and beat-up).

Waitress looked like she could use an extra hand since she was handling 5 tables and they were all scattered a good distance from each other.

The Ropa De Vieja was what I ordered (Shredded beef, bell peppers, onions in a sauce with a side of rice & beans, and something called tostones.) I wish they defined what tostones (fried bananas) were, including other menu items.. it must be annoying for customers to constantly ask the waitress what some of this was all the time. 

Please state what some items are on the menu! It would especially help out people that aren't familiar with the Cuban cuisine.

I enjoyed my meal, but I wished the dish wasn't 70% rice, wish they had more shredded beef than what their menu shows online. 

Total came to about $14+Tax. Too bad I am not Cuban and have no idea if this is authentic or not. But overall, it was not too shabby.
My girlfriend has been wanting to try cuban food for a while, especially since she used to get cuban sandwiches in puerto rico and hasn't had a great one since.

We started with the Tostones. She said they were perfect. I've never had them before and I thought they were great. Salty, crisp on the outside, soft but firm on the inside. We ate the whole plate, which was probably a bad idea because they are more filling than they look!

She of course had the cuban sandwhich, with mariquitas on the side. She says the sandwhich very "yummy, deliciousy, and fantastic". Exactly how they make them at El Mason in Puerto Rico.

I had the Pan Con Bistec, no mayo. They aren't lying on the menu when they say delicious steak. It was amazing. Oh and the plate was gigantic. I barely ate half of it and I'm having the rest for lunch tomorrow (unless I can't resist and eat it for dinner tonight!). Big slices of tomato, sauteed onions, fresh fluffy bread, just plain awesome. I regret that I got french fries on the side, they were good, but I tried my girlfriends mariquitas and they were so delicious, I wish I had gotten those instead. 

We were too full for dessert, but hopefully next time! 

We live in west phoenix and this place is totally worth the drive for us!!
Very good and authentic Cuban food! The Cuban sandwich is to die for,  also try the roast pork with Moros ... delicious!
Me and My wife ate here for lunch. It was good. I had the cuban and it did not hurt my wallet.  there are not many cuban places in town, so go to them while you can.
Best and most authentic Cuban food to be found. Had lunch here today with the family and enjoyed every bite of it. We moved here from Miami and we love Latin food in general, especially Cuban food. I suppose we might be an authority of some sort on Cuban cuisine. Ok, ordered a couple of different sandwiches, main dishes, and appetizers.  All very good and tasty. Keep in mind that there is no baseline recipe for Cuban dishes. Many variances as it is a very homestyle type of cooking so one Cuban restaurant will be different from another and most importantly no two are alike. The key thing in my opinion is that when you eat Cuban food it should be full of that delicious Caribbean flavor and flair and light up the taste buds in your mouth. Mimita's does exactly that.  The food is great, the service is attentive and friendly, and the owner's take tremendous pride in their food and customer opinion. The owner actually came out and spoke with us, inquired if we were happy, and even shared some of her restaurant experiences and history. We drove from North Scottsdale to eat here and it was worth every minute of the drive. We will be back here for sure and recommend that you try it for great quality, flavorful, quality family style Cuban food. Buen provecho amigos!!!
Nestled in one of the most unassuming corners, this is easily some of the best Cuban food I've ever had! The mojitos are beyond amazing and the desserts mouth-watering. You must certainly not leave without ordering from the dessert menu either. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful!
Service was excellent.  Our waitress answered all our questions and was very helpful to explain all the dishes and gave great recommendations.

I had the Imperial Chicken and Rice dish.  It was delicious.  Our 6-year old daughter had the pork and ham sandwich on a sweet roll - she ate every bite.  The sweet plantain chips were addicting!

My husband ordered the pulled pork with rice and black beans and tostones.  It  was very flavorful and lean.

We are planning a trip back to try the paella.  They said you can call ahead and order it since it takes 2 hours to prepare.

It was clean inside and had ethnic music on - not too loud.  Just right :)
Umm...... Yes. If you are looking at these reviews trying to decide if you should go there, yes.

As long as you like interesting cuisines and you aren't afraid to try something new, this place is great! Everything I had was delicious but the best part was that it was so many delicious flavors all put into a dish, making it beyond delicious. I recommend the fried yucca as an appetizer, it is so interesting and unique, yet slightly similar to potatoes.
Put Mimita's on your list and make sure to try them soon, it's a great place.
Had to downgrade as of the last time I went this week. What I loved about Mimita's was it's sampler item as seen in my previous review. HOWEVER, that's all changed. the menu is different now and you can't get that kind of value anymore and the guava empanadas are now in the desert menu, which makes sense, but there are no substitutions anymore. Boooooo. 

The only way this place will ever restore my faithfulness is if they opened it up with a salsa night. They have a huge floor (perfect for dancing), plenty of seating, it's a prime location, and they serve alcohol. Check. check. check. and check. 


A totally untapped resource.
I happened to be in the area and found this place on Yelp and decided to try it out for lunch. I got shredded chicken with rice, black beans, plantains, and it came with some sliced, pressed bread. The bread came out first, hot and delicious. I couldn't help myself and ate one of the four pieces before my food came out. The chicken was a little watery, but delicious. My favorite part of the whole meal were the plantains. OMG! Smashing the plantain with some rice and chicken was a little party in my mouth.

My only complaint is that the portions were large, and the price of the meal ($10 without a drink) was a tad high for lunchtime. I drive around a lot for work and can't take leftovers because they'll go bad and hate the idea of wasting that much food and money. Please consider smaller portions and lower lunch prices!
Went here because of previous reviews, which I now realize were about the the lunch menu ( sandwiches). We ordered entrees and to put it nicely the 3 entrees were almost inedible. Pork Chops were very thin and extremely dry, as if they had been fried earlier, then heated up. The fried Tilapia was also very dry and the breading was of the commercial frozen kind. Rice was also dry, as if reheated. The tostones were tasteless, We also found it odd that the restaurant had absolutely no smell of food cooking, which served to validate that our entrees weren't made fresh!
a friend and i went to mimita's a week ago for dinner.  it was only my 2nd time partaking in cuban fare, so my taste buds are still experiencing the newness of that region's palette.  

we started off with the ejemplar de mimita's sampler (#108 on the menu).  wow.  it alone almost filled us up.  everything on the sampler was practically addicting.

i ordered the picadillo criolle (#302).  it was a bit salty, thanks to the olives it was a bit salty for my taste.  other than that it was a great dish.  i liked the slight sweetness the raisins brought to the tomato sauce.

the prices are reasonable and you get more than your share of food.  i am definitely going there again.  

the staff was really friendly and willing to answer any questions we had about the food.
Nice little Mom & Pop Cuban restaurant. Ordered the Medianoche sandwich. Very tasty. Tres Leches was okay.
Good, fresh food.    Large portions.     Reasonably priced.    Great sweet plantains.     Loved every bite.
Great big Tostones, very nice hot sauce and mojo! Everyone at my table (two who had never had Cuban food) all cleaned their plates :)
I went here for lunch today and the food was very good. I had a cuban sandwich that was very tasty (the pork is very lean and juicy). The plantain chips are very good, and the tres leches dessert I had after was super yummy. I will definitely be back.
Really good food.  I found this place on google one day while driving around.  I am one of those people that would rather eat at a hole in the wall places with excellent food than chainy restaurants.  I've visited here about 2 times now.  The food is pretty good, and the dining room is very big.  However, personally, I don't like the service as much.  The seem friendly enough but I am puerto rican and cuban and love people to be overly excited to see you there and want to know more about you.  They are not that type.  They just serve you, ask if you food is good and that's it.  I will probably return because the food is good.
Joined Yelp for another international supper night, this time the choice restaurant was Minita's Cuban Café over in Chandler, which is just right up the street from me but most likely would never had stopped by on my own, but now that I have, what a great little find!  Thanks Gabby for getting this little get together to happen! Also want to say Thank you to Kelly, our wonderful server! She was full of information and didn't seem bothered by our questions! Even the owner stopped by our table to say hi and see how things were going with us.  

Yelp ordered appetizers for all us to try, there was Croquetas De Jamon (ham croquettes), Yuca Frita ( fried yuca wedges) Tostones (twiced fried green plantains), Empanadas De Carne (dough shells with beef), Papas Rellenas (potato rounds with beef in the center & breaded & fried), Tamal Cubano (Cuban style tamel), Mariquitas (homemade plantain chips). What a delight to be able to try everything, I would have never know what to order on my own, but now I feel confident in what to order , all though all the apps were delish, my favs where the Papas Rellenas, Mariquitas and the Yuca Frita, yea I can see me coming back for those!

For the main dish I ordered the #403 Pollo Deshebrado, which was shredded chicken with garlic, onions & bell peppers in a tomato sauce served with yellow rice, black beans and sweet plantains, when you order the dish with the yellow rice, the black beans do not come with but you can add them for buck, that my friend was worth it! I love black beans, unfortunately one of my daughters has a allergic reaction to them, so I never have them in the house, so for just a buck I said add them babies!  The chicken was moist, tender, so full of flavor, I was stuffed and still kept eating the dish! The rice was perfect and mixed with the black beans, that right there was sweet heaven!

Thanks again to Gabby and the Yelp International Supper Club gang; it was great food, great company & conversation, look forward to trying out another new place next month!
Went here (along with the other Monica) for the Yelp International Supper Club and had a great time.  I love Cuban food but I must say I have never been so well educated in it as I was on Thursday night due to some experienced dining companions and the helpful server we had waiting on us.  We also got a large sampling of appetizers to try so that was a lot of fun.

Most of the apps were too much fried starch for me but the empanadas are something I would definitely order again.  I also really liked the tamal even though the Cuban version is totally different from the Mexican ones I am used to.  I ordered the Ropa Vieja for my entree since that is a classic Cuban dish.  This one did not disappoint.  There was so much flavor!  It came with a lot of rice and there was way too much food on the plate for me to finish but I think without the apps and bread it would have been a good portion size.  The sweet plantains were cooked perfectly and very tasty as well. Too much food to order dessert but I look forward to giving the flan a try next time.  Also, I skipped on the alcohol on this evening in trying to keep the calories down but after reading the other reviews I will definitely be trying the mojitos next time!

Another successful supper club event. (Other than Jamie stealing my food ;0) ... I am looking forward to Ethiopian next month!
leave it up to a friend whom doesn't live here to take me to a new restaurant. 

we never come to chandler, so when i stopped to see a friend off before he left town, i was greeted with, "damn man, i'm hungry. you want some plantains?" Sure i said.

i had already eaten so wasn't too hungry. he ordered the green plantains which are a mashed and then deep fried. served with a garlicy, buttery sauce, they are not the sweet plantains. i liked them, but i thought they needed a little more salt. 

he ordered the shrimp dish and judging by the way he wolfed it down, it must have been good. it came with a side of the sweet plantains which i like much better. i ordered a black bean soup just to be courteous and it was seasoned very well. 

our service was ok, and she passed the water glass test. there aren't many filling vegan/vegetarian options, but if you're a meat eater, you'll probably find this place much to your liking.
As a born-again Arizonian (I used to live here and i'm back), I decided to slowly get to know the Yelp crew here by attending one of their Intentional Supper Clubs. I will 100% bluntly say that doing reviews for businesses you try BECAUSE OF Yelp is the hardest thing ever: you have to remind yourself to separate your amical Yelper experience from the food/service business itself, and trust that people will understand what you are saying.

.. But I will point out quickly that I had a fabulous time meeting the attendees and getting to know Gabi (our head yelper)  as well as I appreciate the free goodies and lovely conversations.

Alright, on with the food.

I was fortunate enough to try all 8 appetizers and my order of steak sandwich and fried yuca. To cut things nice and shor(er than usual), I'll tell you the best and the worst. The yuca fries are nice and crispy, the cuban bread is absolutely delicious (soft, warm and sweeeeet) and the plantain chips are pretty well executed. 

The papa rellena (stuffed potato) was lacking a little stuffing but the potato mash was nice and soft- could have been fried a tad more. The croquetas were not great, soft and warm but it lacked crispiness outside and cheesiness inside. The tostones were not traditional- they were pancake flat instead of being made with a tostonera which resulted in a drier and harder dish than its original counterpart. The empanada had the same stuffing as the papa rellena and was a tad oily (as its fried instead of baked) but good overall flavor and quality. 

The steak sandwich (with yuca fries) was overwhelmingly large and a great value at $9.50 for dinner. The steak was not a bisteck laid on bread with veggies- it was flat meat cut up into 1/2" squares and layered together, not what i was expecting. When put together with string fries, mayo, lettuce, tomato and grilled onions I did think the whole sandwich had decent flavor and the yuca fries were a great accompaniment.

As all the ladies agreed, the price was right and the flavors were decent. Our waitress Kelly did a great job and keeping up with a large group and the owner was courteous at stopping by to say hello and thanking us for our business- always a great thing to see. Although it is not a spot I am dying to bring people over to, it seems to have a decent vibe and since the music was good- who knows? Maybe its a decent party spot, cuban style.

I'll let you scope it out and let me know what you think. :)
Yes... you can indeed find Cuban food in Arizona; you just have to search for it!  Or join Yelp AZ's International Supper Club - we meet on most third Thursdays of the month and this past week, we met at Mimita's.

Standout appetizers for me were the yuca frita and the papas rellenas.  I also had a small "ensalada de tomate y aguacate" (tomato and avocado salad) and went with the "filete de pescado al ajo" (fish fillet sauteed in butter and lots of garlic) for my entree.  Yes, it was a ton of food since the entree also came with rice, beans, and perfectly cooked sweet plantains, but everything was really delicious.  I washed it all down with Mimita's mango iced tea. Warning - the tea is tasty but sweet!

Kelly was our server and she was wonderful.  She's got a fabulous Venezuelan accent!  Prices are moderate and portions are healthy.  The restaurant is kid-friendly too... I did bring the baby, but if you're going to do so, note that there is no changing station in the bathroom. 

Last note: the garlic sauces and dishes are really garlic-y, so be forewarned!
Now if you have not had a chance to join in on a Yelp International Supper Club (ISC) you must!  Not only is it a great way to meet other fellow foodie Yelpers but you get to share and  try a variety of foods within the month's selected cuisine. 

Mimita's took me back to my culinary explorations of Little Havana in Miami/South Beach.  Many of the traditional favorites are on the menu.  I was planning on making a meal out of the apps, which are also traditional post club fare at 6am-ish when wandering home from a night out in SoBe house music still buzzing in your ears....  Yucca frita, papa rellena, croquetas de jamon, empanadas...*back to reality*....when the ISC decided to share all the apps I went ahead and ordered an entre with arroz amarillo ( yellow rice).  The pork was tender, seasoned well (more cumin than I am used to but the grilled onions were wonderful).  The yellow rice texture was perfect all be it a bit bland alone but when taken with a bite of pork and onions it accompanied the dish well.  I also like to pour over the dipping sauces provided with the apps to enhance the flavor of the rice too.  
For my drink I had to keep it traditional (common to Cuba and Puerto Rico) I had Malta. A malt flavored soda (lightly sweet with a flavor like molasses or dark Karo syrup).  It reminded me of summer cookouts, hot  humid afternoon/evenings with a refreshing Malta. *sigh* 

I am a sucker for papa rellena so I ordered some To-Go for lunch the next day.  I do wish they had more seasoning and green olives in the meat filling but they were still just what I needed.   The croquetas were so tasty, I have always prefered Cuban croquetas to the Spanish croquetas anyday (even though they are pretty similar, croquetas Cubanos tienen mas sabor).

There are already plans to get a few of my friends out to try it with me.  [Maybe I will make it a UYE and invite you to join us. The more the merrier!]
Mimita's Cuban- Very Heavy! I didn't realize how much the Cuban cuisine centered around Starch. I ate several appetizers and bout time my entrée came out I literally could not eat anymore. My favorite appetizer was the jamon croquet. The Ropa Vieja was wonderfully seasoned and generous in portion. The dishes were with your choice of rice, congri, moros and tostones or plantains. I also tried the Malta which oddly enough tasted like molasses soda but complimented the meal well. I will go back here to investigate more.
Fantastic. As a Miami (Florida!) born Cuban, I know Cuban food and this is Cuban food. I've tried Havana Cafe and wasn't a fan. Mimita's definitely my speed, and the service is fantastic. On more than one occassion I've rolled into here and had an opportunity to try everything but the tried and true favorite would be the Cuban Sandwich. Don't wait, get there and try it. You won't regret it.
I've tried Cuban food before and I like it but on this occasion it was not that great. :/ I've been wanting to try this place forever and finally I got the chance to go there tonight with my family. The place was very cute. Plenty of seating and family friendly. The staff was super duper nice. Coming around frequently asking how we were doing. We ordered the Mimita Appetizer Sampler, Lechon Asado and sandwich Cubano. 
I was so excited to get my dishes but they were a bit disappointing. The tostones were plain and dry. I felt like I needed something to dip them in. The yucca was pretty good and I'm not a big yucca fan. The croquetas de jamon were not at all what I expected, I thought this was going to be my favorite but not at all. The papa rellelena was so dry and the meat inside didn't really have any flavor. The Lechon Asado had pork which was a little on the dry side and I got yellow rice with it which was old and dry. You can tell it was reheated which was just the worst. I had to swallow the food several times with water for it to go down smoothly and all the way. My mom got the sandwich Cubano and it kind of tasted like a ham and pork melt. It was pretty good tasting but it wasn't enough to make us come back to this place. 

I was really excited for this place but I'm 95% sure I won't be coming back. The search continues for another Cuban restaurant.
Stumbled upon this wonderful place as a new tourist to the area.  It's been 25 years since I worked in Little Havana, but the music, murals, and food were all I could ask for.  Pineapple soft drink, Oxtails, plantains, rice & beans, coffee.  I regret I had to pass on dessert, chose Cuban demitasse coffee instead.  Coffee was okay, not as strong as I was expecting.

Oh, one other regret:  the night before I flew home, I wanted to revisit the place for its ceviche.  Apparently they and other restaurants close early (8:00) on Mondays.
Good service and our waiter was super nice and helpful with suggesting items because it was our first time having Cuban food. Everything was good, but not great. I did love the garlic rice though. I couldn't stop eating it.
Simply fantastic !!

We stopped in and ordered some food to go and the menu was somewhat overwhelming at first with all the choices.  Sat night is oxtail special night so my dear lova went crazy for that and got two orders and i tried the pulled pork. We ordered all three of the rice's as well since we couldn't make up our minds and we loveeee rice and beans :)

Everything was great..from the meat quality, to the different rice's to the different plantains.

We will Definitely be back
I will write a more detailed review later on if I ever try something other than the Cuban sandwich, but it is so good I have flashbacks to when I lived in Florida and had the real deal Cuban food there.  I always get the Cuban and the sweet fried plantains, which are totally addictive.  Oh, and an ice cold Negra Modelo.  

As I was leaving the last time I heard another customer say, "That was the best mojito I've ever had!"  so I know what I'm trying the next time I go back.   I'll really try to branch out from the Cuban sandwich, but the bread is perfect, the pork is fall-apart tender & flavorful, the ham is tasty and moist, and the blend with mustard and pickles is the way it should be.  Perfection.

I need to learn the name of the regular server I have too.  She is always friendly and funny.  We have been about a half dozen times, and have never been disappointed.
*Disclaimer* This was my first time eating Cuban food so I can't testify to the authenticity of Mimita's. 

First off, the restaurant itself. Meh. It's certainly not fancy. The decor is tacky. There was some wall repairs going on and chair rails missing from the walls and there was a certain musty smell to the place. But it's forgivable because it's not a chain and I doubt it ever gets busy and I would prefer a restaurant spend money on quality ingredients than decor.

My husband had a Cuban a few weeks ago at the Cheesecake Factory and loved it, so began the quest of finding and eating a true Cuban sandwich. There aren't a ton of Cuban restaurants in the east valley so Mimitas was really the only choice. Hubby ordered the Cuban sandwich and I ordered the Pan con Lechon sandwich and we split the Papas de Rellanos as an appetizer. The appetizer sucked. It didn't taste fresh, had zero seasoning and was dry as could be. Not a good way to start the meal. I kept telling my husband it needed sauce, desperately. It didn't taste bad, it just didn't taste at all. Next came the sandwiches. My husband really enjoyed his Cubano. I had a bite and it was ok. Can you really mess up a Cuban sandwich? Seems difficult to do. My Pan de Lechon was just a shredded pork, grilled onion and mayo on a roll. Score points for the roll (seemed very fresh) and the pork (because it was lean and tender). The onions were scarce and I loooooove me some grilled onions. I don't think there's such thing as too many. This sandwich had maybe 5 little pieces of onion. Boooo! And the mayonnaise.... it had no business on the sandwich. It actually overwhelmed the flavors and there wasn't very much on it. But the rest of the sandwich was SO bland, that I couldn't taste much else. And the Yuca Fritas I had with my sandwich were not seasoned. Not even a pinch of salt on those puppies! And what do you dip them in? We were offered ketchup. I didn't want ketchup.... I wanted whatever sauce Cubans use! 

IF I went back, and that's a huge if.... I would possibly order the same sandwich minus the mayo and add extra onions. Maybe bring my own BBQ sauce? Is Cuban food supposed to be bland? Mimitas is. I think the search will have to continue for good Cuban food cause I didn't find it here.
The new Phoenix Magazine came in yesterday and lo and behold, Turkish Kitchen was featured under "Best New Restaurants." My wife and I had been missing Turkish food ever sinse Efes closed down, and had been meaning to try this since reading about it in the AZ Republic a couple of weeks ago. So, off we go. 

They were out of business. Can you believe it? They shut down right before being featured in Phoenix Magazine. So sad. I want to mention this because we spent a good amount of time wanding the strip mall looking for it. Not only is it closed, another business is moving into the same spot and they have already decorated the windows and doors so you would never know Turkish Kitchen had been there. But this is a review for Mimita's, so let me get to it. 

So, despite our disappointment, all was not lost. Next door was another place we had been wanting to try--Mimita's Cuban Cafe. The Cuban place near our house in Tempe closed down. The Havana Cafe location in Ahwatukee closed down. So this is the next closest thing. 

Problem is, the food was just not as good, at least not this time. Nothing was bad, everything was good, just not AS good as some of the other Cuban we have had. We shared the appetized sampler ($8.49). My wife, having eaten just a little earlier, had the Ceviche de Camaron ($8.99) and I had the Ropa Vieja ($13.99). Carol loved the ceviche. The appetizer platter was a mixed bag--some of the plantains were seriously over-salted, but otherwise it was good. The Ropa Vieja was decent, but not as good as some I have had in the past. 

Service was good, but not super great. There was only one woman working and she was also tending bar, so this slowed things down a little at time. Not bad at all though, and friendly, which is the main thing. 

A little over-priced too, I think. 

In all, I like it. I want to return again and try something else on the menu. Cuban restaurants are not real common here, so I want to support the place as much as possible. 

Still, too bad about Turkish kitchen. That's two tries and two fails for Turkish restaurants in the Valley.
Pretty empty on the night we went there. Note I've never had cuban food before.

The bread they provided was delicious, but oh so bad for you. butter brushed on both sides and lightly pressed in a panini press.

We ordered the appetizer combo and something called Arroz Imperial (sp).

The appetizers were mostly forgettable. The exception would be the yucca fries yum. Wouldn't recommend this combo though since everything was deep fried and so greasy especially after having the bread.

The Arroz imperial was yellow rice with shredded chicken, bacon, and peas baked with cheese on top. Really tasty. Wish it was in a bowl though, and the cheese made it difficult to eat. Also wish it was a slightly bigger portion, but it was in line for what I expect at this price point (~$13)

Salad was included with it and was basically chopped lettuce with raw onion and tomatoes and your choice of dressing. Pretty meh to me.

If I ever was in the area I'd probably stop by and try one of their sandwiches though just based on the bread they served in the beginning. That an it includes the delish yucca fires.
After reading the "wonderful" reviews we decided to go to Mimitas....and what a mistake!!!  We were, for the most part, the only two people in the so called cafe and had three different waitresses that could not answer our questions about the menu.  We ordered the pescado con ajo and that was a HUGE mistake.  The fish was covered with a layer of chopped garlic that we actually had to scoop to one side only to reveal a grey meat looking piece  of fish.  It just didn't look or taste right.  Their  Cuban rice was a couple of days old and out of a box and their sweet plantain was mushy and overcooked.  The waitress, kindly, took our hardly touched fish plate back to the kitchen and apologized for the food they had just served us.  We also got the all-to-sad-taste-the-same sampler.  The potato ball was dry and flavorless, the tostones were chewy, and the yuca and plantain just tasted like paper.  Since that day and for five days, we have been having stomach ache, cramps, and making all kind of "noises".  Obviously, we will not be going back.
Had the ropa vieja.  Very good.  Rice and beans good but not remarkable.

Had the cuban sandwich.  Very good, just as good as leftovers.
Highly recommend. This is my second time here and I see #3 on the way.
I've had the (bistec encebollado & arroz imperial with shrimp "no melted cheese") I do recommend both plates. Next time I will try (ropa vieja)
Great service! Ask for Kelly.
Ever go on a first date and get all starry eyed and think, "This could be it! This could be The One!" and then it goes downhill from there and you can barely remember why you thought the person was so wonderful? That's my experience with Mimita's.

First impression: Cute and clean; a good start. So many ethnic joints are plagued with decades-old spills on the carpet and dingy walls. This one, while it will win no design prize, at least got a little gussied up. I could like this, I told myself.

We started with the sampler plate, and my first bite of beef empanada was bliss. I declared, "I could eat ten of these!," and I should have. I should not have ingested the grease-soaked, salt-coated plantain chips. Nor should I have indulged in the deep fried yucca. Or any of the other fried bites. 

Ever the optimist, I thought things would improve. I dug into the Cubano with reckless abandon. I really wanted this to be A Great Sandwich, but instead, I felt I could do better with my panini maker at home. The meat was chewy, the bread was insignificant and the mustard was overwhelming. Whether summing up a date or a meal, it's never a good sign when you say, "I can do this better by myself at home."

I hate to compare Mimita's to a former love, but there's no avoiding it. The ropa vieja, a favorite specialty of mine, was a letdown: Havana Cafe's is far superior.

All that said, I still would have given three stars if it weren't for how I felt later that day. A bad bout of in-di-GEST-ion crept up, with the fried sampler plate plaguing me throughout the evening. Stop calling me!, I wanted to say; I don't want to go out again! Mimita's will not get a second chance, sorry to say.
I had the Potato Balls, they were larger than i expected (i'm used to the likes of Portos) but i was not discouraged from attempting to take them in all at once, alas i failed.. but i was a happy camper.
The Ox Tail on Saturday is AWESOME.  It is my favorite time to go because they only have it on Saturday.  The bread is soooo delicious too.  On other days of the week, a shrimp dish is the way to go.  Great place....unique
They delivered hot bread to the table and it was gone in a matter of seconds! It was sweet and delicious. Then I had the tomato, guacamole, and onion salad drizzled with olive oil. Another hit at our table. We also had some potato balls, they were good but nothing to write home about. For entrees, we had garlic tilapia and a Cuban sandwich. Both were delicious!
My first time eating Cuban food. Mimita's was awesome! I had the shredded beef dish, my wife had the shredded chicken dish. We will be back for more!
Bad bad bad
Very good authentic Cuban food. Wish the place was a bit busier as I would like to see them succeed. We had a marvelous meal and the waitress was very helpful. We will go back as it is on our minds constantly.
The only reason why I didn't give this worse was because the food was decent.  It did taste good and I seriously wanted to write a wonderful review for this restaurant, but the service was really awful.  And, service is really important to both my husband and I.

There was one customer when we got there just before 2 pm and he was eating, but he left shortly after we got there.  The food came at a decent pace, which I can't remember what we ordered except one was a shredded beef thing with veggies, rice, some sweet plantains and some black beans.  My husband ordered the chicken version and he liked that.  They were both off the lunch portion of the menu.

The beef could've been a little more tender, but since I've never had Cuban food, I wasn't quite sure what this dish is supposed to taste like.  My husband is Colombian and he normally likes beef a lot, but for this, he didn't have much of the beef and ate the chicken, which is what he ordered.

The black beans were good.  The rice was ordinary.  What I really liked was the bread, which was like miniature French bread with loads of butter grilled.  Yum.  They said it was like a Cuban bread.  I don't know.

The original waitress we had was fine.  She seemed friendly and tried to be helpful, but she left shortly after we asked her a couple questions and then we got another waitress who really wasn't that great.

I did have to ask her to refill my water.  She never came and refilled my husband's $1.99 coke.  We are used to Carl Jr's monster Coke for $0.75 and if we are in the restaurant, free refills.  She did ask if we wanted more bread, so that was a plus.

I don't recall her smiling.  She acted like we were an inconvenience to her.  We were the only customers most of the time we were there.  I did tell the waitress in advanced that we had a mobile Entertainment coupon and she seemed indignant and said alright, but when it came time to pay, she didn't let us use it and asked if we had a wireless printer.  Who carries a printer with them?  So she then said that she would see if they had a wireless printer to print out the coupon.  She came back and said they did not.

There were 2 coupons for Mamita on the mobile Entertainment.  The other was 20% off.  That became such a hassle and as we just wanted to pay and leave to make it to our appointment, she told us she could not honor the coupon without us buying at least $25 worth of food.  The coupon did not say that, so they added that to the condition of the coupon.

My husband said let's not use any coupons and pay for the $22 that we ordered ($9.95 for each meal and $1.99 for the Coke).  Of course, we would've not chosen this restaurant had we not had any coupons and it was the principle of it.  She asked if we wanted any dessert.  I really didn't want any dessert, so I ended up ordering another dish that was a sandwich.

It's like I had to pull tooth and nail to get anything done.  The waitress was seriously not busy.

If you want to save a little money and use any coupons, remember that they may not honor them even if you tell them ahead before you order anything and they could change the terms and conditions on the coupon when you pay.  And, you could receive crappy, non-smiling service, like you are bothering them.  

With such bad service, maybe a lot of people love the food and don't care about the service.  I was really, really hoping this would be a place we could come to regularly because the restaurant decor is really cute, happy place, and nicely clean.

Oh, another thing, the women's restroom was locked and they wouldn't open it.  So, I ended up having to go to another place to use the restroom.  How inconvenient!

If I'd never experienced great Latin food with amazing service, I would think that all Latin restaurants were like this.  Thankfully there are other great Latin restaurants, though not Cuban, we can go.  We totally love My Arepa as we've received not only really delicious food there, but great service.  We have been there a couple times and will continue to go there because we are treated well.

So, even if a place has good food, but if the food is lousy, we won't return.  We give good and bad publicity about restaurants and places we go to.  Oh, we were also late to our appointment which we ended up having to cancel because of the slowness of things.
Authentic Cuban food in the desert!!! I lived in Florida for 3 years and one of the few things I miss is Cuban food, and Mimita's has it.  The owners are from Florida and are using their family recipes.  The stores is even named after what the family called one of the grandmothers, "Mimita'.  Love, love LOVE this place :)
Delicious! Super authentic & friendly service. I recommend the Ropa Vieja!
We stopped here for lunch; didn't know anything about the place.  It was in our Entertainment Book so we decided to give it a try.  We were very pleasantly surprised!   I had the chicken Arroz Imperial (#410) and Mango ice tea; it was delicious and plenty of it!  My husband had the Camarones Enchilados (#407) and a Diet Pepsi; his food was very good also.  The waitress was very friendly and brought us bread w/out waiting to be asked.  We got refills on our drinks and also two to go cups as well.  We had a very pleasant experience today.  We look forward to going back but it is on the other side of the valley from us which is its only drawback as far as we are concerned.  Very casual; little ambiance.  Has outdoor seating but no misters; NOT good for the Arizona summers.
I give 3.5-star. I like it represents a force of ethnic food, even though I cannot comment on how authentic it is. Food was alright, and a bit more expensive than I expected. Got an appetizer sample and everything was deep-fried and tasted the same (i.e. salty). The entrees were okey, and didn't blow our minds -- husband got a pork dish and I got spicy shrimps.  Service was passable. 

It was bizarrely empty when we dined in on a Friday night. Hope it will stay around.
I didn't check yelp on this restaurant because I thought the reviews may be mixed and THEY SOOO ARE!!! Geeeez!  Anyway, a friend and I ate there the other day.  I thought the food was pretty good.  The waitress was super friendly and smiled a lot.  A real sweety-pie.  Service is super important to me and they delivered for sure on friendliness.  
I had yellow rice and the garlic smothered fish with fried sweet plaintain and the stewed/boiled yucca, which I loved.  My friend had the toscenos - unrippened fried plaintain with beefsteak.  We thought the food was pretty good.  We'll eat there again.  A little pricey, but still good.
Only reason why I'm not giving 5 stars is because there was an electrical odor when we walked in.  That's my only ding.
Had a wonderful family dinner. Anything on the menu is a winner. Service is great. Family owned restaurant.
Great food. Great service. The cubano is awesome
Service: 4/5 Staff VERY friendly and accommodating throughout the meal. You can tell that it's family owned and they care. Gave it a 4/5 because service a little slow

Food: 4/5 HUGE portions. They don't skimp on portion size here. Plantains were awesome I forget the name of the dish I ordered but my husband got ropa vieja and my mom got some pork dish. All very good. 4/5 because pork and beef was a little dry. All in all great place will definitely go again.
We've been going here from time to time for about 2 years. I LOVE this place. Small restaurant, but comfortable. There are always people there, but it's never "packed". It's tucked away into a plaza, maybe that's how we always get a table. I like the ropa vieja (shreaded beef) dish with tostonis, my boyfriend is dying to try the paella & the ox tail, but his current front runner is the camarones enchiladas (shrimp) with plantinos. I also order the beef empinadas to start & the bread they give you is amazing! He's gotten the sangria & mojitos and they are super well made! The service is always friendly & they are really helpful with the menu if you have any questions. All I can say is that I can be picky & I love it, so definitely give it a try!
I've been here many times and its one of my wife's favorite restaurants. It's surprising that not more people know about this place.
We are always impressed with our meals at Mimitas. I have tried several things on the menu, but always migrate back to the Medianoche sandwich! All sandwiches come with classic Cuban sides including yuca frita or margaritas! Both are delicious. Highly recommended hidden gem.
Really 4-5 for food, but the service was slow and very scattered. Apparently they've been featured on a local PBS show and were not prepared for the influx of customers.  At one point there were probably 8 empty tables but had to put people on a 20 minute wait because they couldn't handle what they had. A lot of what we ordered was answered with "I think we're out of that but I'll check." Appetizer and entrees came out right behind one another which is a huge pet peeve of mine. Most of the entrees were luke warm since we were still working on the just arrived appetizer.  Although the food was very good. Very flavorful and great portion size. We split 2 entrees amongst 3 people.  Grilled bread which was served standard to all tables was very good although hard to enjoy with no napkins,  silverware,  or a plate to put our bread on.  Dessert took an extra long time to come out and very slow to clear the table. No check in on quality of meal, no drink refills offered.  I'm sure with some forward thinking, and some management on the floor they'll get the service squared away. At least one can hope. Or it'll go back to it's sleepy state pre -PBS.
First time visit- many props for a very clean and clutter-free restaurant.
The menu seemed really quite extensive, but I had in mind exactly what I wanted to try: the Sandwich Cubano.  I ordered mine with mariquitas.  My friend ordered the Cubano with the Yuca Frita- it was my first time trying ANY of these things...  I liked the yuca better than the mariquitas... nothing wrong with them (and it isn't like I would know if there was or wasn't as I've never had Cuban food before!), just my personal preference for next time.
My friend, however, has not only a wealth of experience with Cuban cuisine, but has been to this particular restaurant before.  She was a fountain of knowledge, and I was glad for her guidance.  She ordered a little side dish of "mojo" which was $0.75, so definitely cheap enough and she recommended it highly.  It is some sort of oil with chunky, sauteed onion/garlic in it, served warm.  I dipped my sandwich and mariquitas in it sparingly, and it was very savory.  I now need a breath mint like nobody's business.
I ordered a drink called Jupina, which is a carbonated pineapple beverage.  It was served in a can with a glass of ice, and it was very enjoyable.
I have zero complaints about the food or service, which was deferential and polite, but I will say that trying to squeeze it into our lunch hour was challenging, and neither of us made it back to work on time.  Certainly the freshly-prepared food was worth the wait, but anyone going for lunch should know that it's not the fastest place - but if you want fast you go to Jimmy John's, eh?
Next time I will just let our server know we are on a time crunch and I am betting, based on how nice they were, that they'll be able to help us out!  We are planning on a return visit in two weeks, and I'd definitely give a 5-star review if we can get in and out in under 1 hr and 15 mins.
This was a very disappointing experience.  We had read the reviews and saw this restaurant reviewed elsewhere. Unfortunately, the server did not know the menu and had to go and ask someone any questions we had.  We are transplants from Miami, living here now 5 years.  My husband loves a Cuban Sandwich and thought this would be the place to go.  He said it was "ok".  We both had the black bean soup, which had a very strange taste, which we couldn't quite figure out what it was.  That was a disappointment. I ordered a breaded chicken breast sandwich.  It was huge, but when I did some digging, it was a very small piece of chicken mounded high with lettuce and tomatoes. I attempted to cut into the chicken, which was a struggle, and my fork actually bent in half, and that was the end of my meal!  Sorry to say, I can't understand the good reviews.
Can't review the food because we were never able to eat. On Saturday 2/8 we were quoted 20-30 minutes with the caveat that they were short-staffed. No big deal, we waited. A few parties were seated while more left; at least half of the tables in the restaurant were empty. An hour later they finally told us we were next. That's when I realized that of all of the people who had been seated while we waited, NONE of them had any food on their tables! We checked to see how long it would take to actually get food, and they said another HOUR after we were seated. So we left.

Just a fair warning to anyone who's planning a visit and doesn't want to spend their whole evening at the restaurant.
Have wanted to eat here for months, finally made it in. Smelled fantastic when we entered. Was not too busy, but service was slow, appeared to be under-staffed.

I've not eaten Cuban food for many years, my husband, never. I ordered Arroz Imperial, which was a deliciously flavorful dish, a decent-sized portion, ordered the mix with 1/2 chicken 1/2 shrimp, took 1/2 the meal home. Forgot how tasty fried sweet plantains are--came with meal. My husband had a Cuban steak, which was much like a chicken-fried steak. Quite large, was just okay, too bland, no special & expected Cuban flavor. The side he chose was red beans & rice--VERY good! His meal came with tostones, another type of plantain, thin & crispy! I'm pretty sure I could only eat about 10 of those in one sitting! Yumtastic! He took 1/2 his meal home, too. 

No room for dessert, will try the highly touted flan someday. Staff quite friendly & helpful with suggestions. Owner stopped by our table with her baby to check on us.

We'll definitely return. Had to give 3 stars due to slow service. Was pricy, but will still return.
We ate at this restaurant recently. We were very excited for Cuban food. My wife ordered the Mimita's Minuta or breaded tilapia sandwich. The fish was very old and disgusting. The waitress was very nice and brought her a Tamal Cubano instead. Unfortunately it had all the flavor and consistency of microwaved cheese food. I had the cubano sandwich. The pork too dry and flavorless. Also, the carpeting and booths seemed to be the same as when this location was Rosalee's Italian restaurant over 10 years ago. I will never eat here again.
Though I have not gone back to Mamitas, we may some time this year.  Their food was good and maybe the service of those couple people were not good.  When I provided feedback on FB that wasn't good, they didn't delete it and addressed it properly, apologizing and tried to make good on it.

So, I upped my 2 star to a 4 star.

However, if you have coupons, you should make sure before you go there that they will honor it completely, and even when you get there, that they will and exactly what that is.

It seems their FB page isn't working right now, but I appreciated the owner trying to make this right.
This was my first time eating Cuban food. The cafe has a nice laid back feel to it and the service as friendly and food was great. I will be back for more!!
Yummy Cuban food.  We always have leftovers.  The Cuban sandwich is always a favorite and the tostones are a must. Make sure to ask to try both styles of mojo sauce. The waitress was nice to my daughter, but took a little reminding for certain requests even though the place was almost empty when we went.
I wasn't sure about this place at first but it was yummy. The prices were decent and they had a steady steam of people coming in. I for sure will be going back there.
Finally found a great cuban restaurant in the valley. Drove by thousand times and decided to give it a try with a special coupon. Surprisingly it's really authentic cuban food. 

The place is bigger than it look from outside and the waitress were very nice and friendly. The owner also came to say hi and ask if there is anything to improve. Had wonderful lunch experience at the place. Will come back again.
Such a cute little spot in an unassuming shopping center. Have been meaning to stop for a while now and I finally did and was not disappointed. Though I read such great reviews about the Cuban sandwich and I love Cuban sandwiches, I tried to steer clear and try something different. 

I ordered the camerones enchilados which was grilled shrimp in a spicy tomato sauce. The sauce was very garlicky and had lots of fresh flavors. On the side was a mixture of rice and black beans topped with fresh garlic (yum!) and sweet plantains (favorite part of the meal! Every entree comes with grilled bread topped with "real sweet cream butter". This was a great addition to the meal and I ate far too much! For dessert got the homemade rice pudding which was topped with ground cinnamon. Some of the best rice pudding that I've ever had. 

The staff was also unbelievably attentive and kind. At the end asked if anything could be done differently or better "because their number one priority is their guests."  

Would definitely recommend this place and would like to return and try something new.
I had enjoyed lots of Cuban food being from Fl. Mimita's was just like home. Excellent cafe con leche. The empanadas were delicious along with the Cuban sandwich. I also had a chicken and rice type entree, unfortunately I don't recall the name but it's one of their signature items. I was impressed and will be back.
On Friday, 6 June 2014, my mom and I were up in Phoenix for the day.  Looking for a place to dine in the Entertainment Book, we came across Mimita's Cuban Café, listed as being on the corner of Warner and Arizona.  As we were already on I-10, we simply took the exit for Warner Road and followed it East for a quite a stretch until we reached Arizona Avenue.  We could see Mimita's on the Southwest corner of the intersection as we approached.

The restaurant was bright and airy, and we sat by a window so that we could get a view out to Warner Road.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful, and she advised my mom as to which dishes were gluten-free.  She even remembered when she brought the bread to remind Mom that she could not eat the bread as it contained wheat.  The grilled bread, by the way, was delicious.

Mom had Picadillo Criollo, a traditional Latin dish served throughout the Carribean, with Platanos Maduros and Arroz Amarillo.  Picadillo is a dish that we actually make ourselves, and she was pleased to have a version that was a bit different from ours, but still very tasty.  

I had Vaca Frita with Platanos Maduros and Moro.  The latter had sauteed garlic sprinkled over the top that added an extra bit of zip to the flavouring and made a good side dish even better.  A word on Vaca Frita, it is meant to be somewhat dry and slightly crispy.  That is how it is supposed to be.  What else would one expect from a dish that translates literally as Fried Cow?  I thought the version served by Mimita's was terrific.

One of the owners came out to talk to us and to see how we were enjoying our meal.  She told us that the receipts were family ones from her husband's and her families.   That is likely why they had the flavour of home cooking to them and a recognizable individuality.  It was if one were dining in a Cuban family's home.  Other Cubans must have appreciated that authenticity, too, for there were Cubans in the booth behind us and it the closest table to us.

I finished every last bit of my meal, but Mom could only eat part of hers.  So, our waitress brought her a box, and she took the rest home for her next night's dinner.   She got two meals off of one Picadillo dinner.  That was a pretty good deal especially when we were already getting a discount with our Entertainment Book.

Whenever we are in the Chandler area again, we will definitely be stopping by Mimita's.   Both of our entrees were delicious as were the sweet plantains and the rice.  The staff and the owners were friendly, helpful and attentive.  Furthermore, it was great to find an authentic Cuban restaurant in the Phoenix area.
This is our 3rd trip but first review. All 3 have been great. They u.s. pulled pork on the Cubano sandwich on freshly grilled bread. a great meal with the addition of tasty black bean soup for only another $1.25 with a sandwich. I got the lechon asada which is a slow roasted pork with rice and black beans and the smashed and fried plantains.  Very good but add the house mojo sauce.
Yuca Fries are unique.   I don't think I've had the them anywhere
GREAT!
Came to see if the mofongo was like we had in Puerto Rico and it was great! Desserts were amazing as well, loved the guava one. We both tried pork dishes, hubby liked  the white rice and beans, me the yellow. Add hot sauce for a kick. Even heard the sounds of the coqui frogs while we were there. We will be back!
I mostly ended up grabbing breakfast from  here, so I'll leave the sandwich/lunchy fare to someone else.  I got bagels here because they were convenient.  At 4.50 they were pricey - but about on par for anything you'd get on the strip.  The coffee was actually about normal starbucks prices and delicious.  I would have liked some decaf options but I'm probably one of the only humans that isn't wanting caffeine after a long day/night.  My companions ordered breakfast sandwiches and seemed to like them ok as well.

Stop in for a quick snack, but I venture that you'll get better food elsewhere if you can actually take the time to sit down.
The food/ drink was decently priced but the service was horrible. All i needed was a cup of coffee and waited 15 minutes to get to the counter. 

The people working there are just not efficient at all. 

Recommend going somewhere else!!
we stopped in for a quick sandwich for lunch.  i got a cuban sandwich and my wife got a turkey sandwich.  they were about 7 or 8 bucks and are a good sized sandwich.  service was quick enough i had no issues with that.  i liked my sandwich.  all sandwiches are heated up and warm which i always enjoy.  i wouldnt make a special trip to go get the sandwich but if you're near tropicana and need a quick bite it serves that purpose.  i would get another cuban if we were around
Nicely done Cuban food stowed away in a little shopping area roughly across the road from the Santa Fe casino.

Ropa Viejo in tostone rellenos ( twice fried plantains in a unique little cup shape ) is a good appetizer to get you started. 

We opted for the Ox Tail entre' which has a generous serving of rice and sweet fried plantains and is swimming in a delicious tomato based sauce that is rich and oily and has a great earthiness to it.

The tres leches desert is a sponge cake layered with cream and milk and is decadently sweet. Share this one.

You can't go wrong with anything with the plantains. Too bad they don't serve alcohol. Quaint, friendly, and affordable. Definitely worth a look-see.
This was the second Cuban restaurant I've tried in town, after Rincon Criollo. My friend and I decided on the fried mashed potato with ground beef filling to start. The hard outer shell on the potatoes was great. My friend said that they "found a way to make chicken-fried mashed potatoes." We each decided to order a different sandwich and split them. I got the Cuban sandwich and he ordered the chorizo sandwich. The chorizo was good, with slices of fried chorizo and grilled onions, but the Cuban sandwich was the highlight. With much more meat than at Rincon and a mustard that added just the right amount of spice, I wanted to steal back the half that I gave my friend. We finished things out with the Tres Leches cake, which was as delightful as advertised. This was quite honestly one of the tastiest cakes I have ever tried. 

The service was good and our waitress was concerned with making sure we were having a good first experience. The decor was also impressive. All in all, one of the better meals I've had in a while, and I will definitely be coming back often. 

One more thing: try the Iron Beer soda. It's reminiscent of Dr. Pepper with a slightly fruitier profile and a more pronounced vanilla flavor. 

Varadero has my highest recommendation.
Of the 3 Cuban restaurants I've been to recently (Varadero, Cuba Cafe, Havana Grill), this one gets my top rating.  The place looks and feels like "Cuban food for the working class", but it beats the other places hands down!  For one, all of the dishes we had (including our kids) were extremely hearty, rich, and flavorful.  None of this "health-conscious", lightened down for today's slim American type food here.

Even the black beans were thick and pasty (but smooth).  The Papas Rellenas appetizer filled up my 9 year old happily, though we also ordered her a full platter as well.  We also got a rich, full-bodied chicken soup, a little like the tortilla soups you sometimes find at Mexican restaurants, but definitely unique in flavor.  My 6-year old decided to help me finish it before I had a choice.  Ropa Vieja and the Masas de Puerco were fabulous and filling, with the meats perfectly marinated and tender.  

For me, the only disappointment was the Tres Leches cake we had for dessert.  They don't make it onsite, and it had a little too 'mainstream' texture - a bit too blantantly moist, a bit too much icing, and not enough of that hidden 'cream' that surprises you with the real deal.  It just wasn't right (go to the Cuba Cafe for the perfect Tres Leches!).

But...other than the cake...this is my favorite of the 3 Cuban restaurants in town that I've tried.  If you want beautifully presented Cuban food, go to the Havana Grill.  If you want a quaint, but up-to-date chic atmosphere (and the best Tres leches cake), go to the Cuba Cafe.  But for the best overall Cuban home cooking, Varadero is the place...and make sure you come hungry and be careful NOT to over-order (not that leftovers won't taste great the next day!).
I don't think I am really qualified to review Cuban food but I will give it a go. 

Cute decor and fun music are in abundance here. It is a pretty small place tucked into a dying strip mall. When we arrived it was empty (7pm on a Friday) but that did no deter us. The waitress said their juices are good so we tried the mango and mamay. Bleh, I didn't like it but my 2 year old did and drank it all. It was too thick and sweet for my taste. For food we got the red bean soup, avocado salad, chicken fricasse and chicken with yellow rice and veggies. The avo salad was my favorite cuz I love avocados. The beans and rice reminded me of New Orleans red beans and rice, not bad. The other dishes were ok. I thought the fricasse was better. I liked the flavor and the potatoes. The chicken and yellow rice had a mushy texture that really turned me off. It came with some delicious fried plantains. Mmmmm. I felt that I was in rice overload and my husband said
 it made him feel "puffy". My husband liked it more than I did so we might give it another go so we can try the sandwiches.
I consider this more of a 3.5 star restaurant, but gave it 4 stars due to good value and a strong effort to provide quality food and service.

Came here on a Saturday evening as I heard they had very good food.  Had the avocado salad as a starter (excellent, simple and fresh with great pickled onions and simple oil and vinegar dressing).  Also had the mashed potato balls stuffed with ground beef - nothing special as the texture was uninteresting and the flavor was mild and underseasoned.

Cuban sandwich was excellent and ropa viejo was very good, with good beans and rice.  Chorizo sandwich and Boliche looked interesting, may try on a future visit.

Finished the meal with the tres leches cake, a little different than the standard spongy cake soaked in sweet milk (more like a layer cake here with tres leches pudding) but very good.

Service was friendly and efficient, and decor was ok, nicer than one would expect from the outside, in a very unremarkable strip mall.

Overall very good, a bit out of the way, but worth the trip for something good and interesting.
Moved to vegas from florida 8 years ago and have missed the food ever since.  Sandwiches were exactly what I had been missing (cuban and media noches), black bean soup was perfect, mango juice was fresh squeezed.  It's a little out of the way for me, but I seriously can't wait to go back.
Cuban food is my favorite food and the best I've ever had is El Siboney's in Key West. Varadero comes awfully close and is by far the best Cuban I've had in Las Vegas. Great ambience, cool music, healthy portions and our waitress Consuela was an absolute gem. We've gone three times in the last two weeks. Need I say more...
This seems to be the only Cuban restaurant west of the strip, making it the most convenient one to me, although it is still a little out of my way being so far north.

It's worth the trip though.  I ordered the ropa vieja with black beans and rice, and enjoyed it immensely.  All the flavors are amazing.  I also got some fresh-squeezed mango juice, which was like manna from heaven. 

For dessert, I got a slice of tres leches to go, and ate it later in my apartment with some coffee.  Sweet and decadent. 

Anytime I'm near that area, I'll make a point of stopping at Veradero.
Great place for Cuban food. It's a little, ahem, north for Southern Vegas peeps but definitely worth checking out. Like many other great restaurants in Vegas, the place is tucked inside a weird strip mall. But don't let that deter you.

It's on the smaller side and casual.  I had the ropa vieja (shredded beef) sandwich, which was really, really, REALLY good. I love ropa vieja but it was particularly tasty here; not too salty and very tender.  My husband had the pork sandwich but kept trying to eat off my plate. (That's how good the ropa vieja was.) I didn't taste the beans (not a fan of black beans), but hubby said they were also good.

We also had maduros, which were equally tasty and Materva, Cuban soda that has a citrus-y flavor. By the time we were done, we were too stuffed to get dessert. 

Note, this food is good but if you're looking for healthy or cholesterol free....uh, this may not be the place for you. But you'll definitely be missing out!
After my disappointment following the closing of my favorite little taqueria, Taquria Los Parados, I've been on an even bigger mission to find the great mom and pop restaurants in Las Vegas. I recently found a great Cuban one in the Northwest called Varadero that needs our support as the strip mall it's in isn't what you'd call bustling.

It's hard to find good Cuban food in Vegas, and sadly we've lost a few of the better Cuban restaurants to the recession. I generally go to Havana Cafe on Eastern, but as much as I enjoy it I can't really say it's frugal. Varadero is frugal, however, and the food is just as good, if not better.

I'm itching to try more on the menu because both times I've gone everything has been just delicious. The traditional black bean soup is well done ($2.25), but a more interesting soup is the Crema Aurora, a cream based tomato and cheese concoction ($2.95). The heavy "soup" is actually more reminiscent of a dip, which paired wonderfully with the complimentary toasted Cuban garlic bread.

The Ropa Vieja ($10.75), meaning "torn clothes," was better than any I can remember having had. The rich, tomato based broth was reduced to perfect gravy consistency, and the shredded beef was tender without being mushy. Another highlight was the Arroz con Pollo ($10.95). It consisted of a juicy roasted half chicken hidden under a bed of creamy, saffron colored Cuban risotto. Both entrees came with maduros, or sweet fried plantains, and moros y cristianos, black beans and white rice cooked together. The latter wasn't done as well as at Havana Cafe but the maduros were as good as you can get.

For the prices and food quality you can't beat Varadero for Cuban food. It's one of the few good non-chains in the Northwest. Great service and friendly staff, too.
Being that I grew up in Panama I welcome any place that serves hispanic food. I have been to a couple places like the Cuba cafe and Florida cafe which are ok, was hoping this would knock those places out of the water based on the reviews.

Started off with the tostones cups with ropa vieja.  Good, but not as phenomenal as I had my hopes on.

I ordered the Veradera special seafood paella.  Worst mistake ever!!!  Should have stuck to my gut and gotten a sandwich, or something else.  But I LOVE seafood and I enjoy paella very much.  Well, for a $20 dish the majority of the seafood was EXTREMELY tough.  Had to spit out majority.  Mostly the calamari and octopus.  Fresh seafood should never be like that.  It had 2 shrimp, one scallop that  was good and 2 very slimy imitation crab pieces.  Oh, and a sad skimpy crab claw that had no meat in it.  Was so disappointed.

I also asked that I have tostones instead of sweet plantains as a side.  They charged extra and the were not thin and a little crispy like they are suppose to be.  Quite thick and soft.  

My boyfriend had the oxtail and said it was really nothing special.  A lot of bones and not much meat.

I wish I could bring myself to give this place another chance but I don't think I'll be able to.
Seeing that I can only recall having Cuban food once before this, I guess I really don't have much expertise in this area.  However, I was blown away yesterday when my mom, brother & I shared a variety of tastes here.  We all shared an appetizer, one of their lunch specials and the Midnight sandwich.  Which was definitely more than enough food! You most certaintly get your moneys worth!  

While the multiple layers of the sandwich are like a party in your mouth, the slow roasted, tender sliced pork with onions was a tounge-gasim for sure!  I can't wait to go back and get this meat all packaged up in the Cuban sandwich form.  The appetizer was delicious too, I just can't remember it's name, but it was a shrimp and crab filled fried green plantain.  While the crunchy plantain may have been a bit too crunchy for my taste, the filling was so scrumptious that I had no problem finishing that last little piece that no one else wanted to claim, lol.  All the sides were pretty tasty too! 

We also lucked out that my brothers friend's joined us a little late, because we all got a taste, of perhaps the most amazing fried chicken ever!  The breading was light and crispy, and the chicken was oh so tender. Then the cherry on top, he ordered a piece of the Tres Leche cake for everyone to share and one to go.  Upon arrival, he decided that one was simply not going to enough to share and ended up eating his to go piece right then. Even though I had originally said no dessert, I once again had no issue with scraping up that last little morsel of this light and lucious cake.  I also decided a coffee sounded like the perfect compliment, and the lovely waitress recommended the Cuban espresso. At first I hesitated, but of course, it was simply amazing, the perfect ending to a perfect meal.
This place was a welcome addition to NW Vegas! before this place opened i had to drive all the way down to Rincon Criollo. there are very few Cuban restaurant in Vegas but it's awesome we have at least 2 good ones. The restaurant is clean, the staff are friendly & the food delicious. The location could be better but worth looking for.
I couldn't eat another $5 footlong from subway for lunch... I live way out in the northwest and it is somewhat food diversity challenged.  I remembered seeing a cuban joint on rainbow so I thought I would go over there for lunch.  

I went in and it was done very nicely with out trying too hard.  I looked at the menu and it seemed authentic and the prices seemed very reasonable.  They have quite a few menu options too - so if you are in the mood for a sandwich or a whole fried snapper you are good to go.

I wantd a quick lunch - so of course I order the Cuban in sandwich.  It was only $6.50 and it was a big sandwich - I like a good value.  The sandwich was very tasty - I likes the bread.  It also came with freshly cooked plantain chips - refreshing alternative to fries!!!

If your bumpin' around the northwest check this place out...
Great food !
Simply stated, the food here was absolutely delicious! The food is very savory and the staff is incredibly pleasant. It was a pleasure to dine here and I look forward to future visits!
I went here a few weeks ago and have been meaning to write this review for awhile. When we went it was a Saturday afternoon, the place had more people than expected considering the location for a restaurant in that strip mall is horrible. I was excited as I had read about this place in the newspaper. Unfortunately I was rather disappointed. 

They only had one server/drink maker/busser working the front of the house. I appreciate she was busy but this was poor planning on the part of the manager as we were neglected. They took forever to take our drink and food order. Then she requested that if we need a refill we place our drink cups on the corner of the table so she can see that we needed refills, okay I get that, never had to do that before but I acknowledge at least she was trying. 

However, I ordered the Cuban panini and it was dry - very very dry. Nothing really memorable. My panini came with plaintain chips which were not that good, they were supposed to come Whit a sauce, that the waitress forgot and I had to ask for. when she brought it, it just tasted like canola oil. I also tried half of the Ropa Vieja, flavor was good but really salty. Anyhow, just disappointed I was really looking forward to a quality Cuban restaurant. I am glad we tried it for lunch and didn't spend even more money to try dinner at this place and be disappointed.
I made a stop there last night.  I wasn't really expecting much.  The place is not really near any traffic.  I've been craving Cuban food for a while now, but since my first and last awful experience at Florida Cafe last year maybe it was time to try something new.  The place looks very mysterious from the outside since the windows are covered in graphic art; but when I walked in, you could sense the mom and pop atmosphere.  
I started with the queso soup, which turned out to be just ok.  For my meal I opt for the oxtail stew.  I've had oxtail plenty of times, but when my platter came out...I got flanked with flavor.  The meat was so tender the bone kept falling off. The rice was surrounded by fried sweet plantains that left me no room for dessert.
I left happy, but will return hungry.
Que Bola Asere? This place is auethentic as they come. I learned the cooks are from Havana. The ropa vieja to me is the best in Las Vegas. There cuban sandwiches would be the best in Las Vegas if they didnt add mayo. The croquetas and maduros are very good. The prices are very reasonable and they have pretty good cafe.

I would of given this place a 5 but the mayo in a cuban sandwich is a SIN.

QUE ESTAS HACIENDO? COME!!!!
Here's a new Cuban Buffet!  :-))    It just opened, so Mike C. & I dropped in to give it a try.  I'm 1/2 Cuban, & I grew up on some of this stuff, so that added to the fun for me.  There were 36 main trays of food out today, starting with regular salad items, as well as fruit treats including papaya, coconut, guava, cottage cheese (with pieces of apple, pineapple, papaya, & peaches in it), plus fresh (not canned) pineapple slices, & more.

Over at the hot table, there was white rice, beef & potatoes stew, yellow rice with chicken, seasoned ground beef with olives, roast pork, meatballs, & other dishes.  There were dessert things too, tasty homemade potato chips, & more.

There's also a regular menu available here, & at night it turns into a dance club with Cuban music & so on.  It's not a fancy place, but I think it's "A-OK"!

Lunch Buffet $7.95
This place was kind of drab it looked more like a bar then a restaurant.The three old buffet lines were lined up in front of the stage area. The buffet was not quite ready when we got there because the cook was in some kind of accident and the owners were putting the buffet together. well they did a very good job of it the food mostly Cuban was excellent .And the staff (owners i think) were very friendly.I do not no what they call a lot of there dishes but if you go there your going to leave with a belly full of good food.  yay!! I am a big fan
I stopped in for some lunch take-out and ordered a Cubano (a famous Cuban grilled sandwich with roast pork, ham, pickles, mustard and cheese) with tostones (crispy fried plantains). it took about 5 minutes. FANTASTIC! The bread was pretty close to Cuban bread (best I've found in AZ), the pork was very fresh (most restaurants use the 'old' pork for the sandwiches). The tostones were golden brown and delicious, crispy, yet tender at the same time. The sandwich also came with homemade potato chips!

The place's MO is buffet: roast pork, fried chicken, picadillo, ropa vieja, congri, moros, and to my suprise, arroz con gandules. There was also a fesh fruit and salad bar. 

They also offer an a la carte menu including appetizers (tostones, maduros, yuca, papa rellena, croquetas, and tamales), several sandwiches, and entrees like oxtail and bistec encebollado.

AZUCAR is tucked into a Mesa strip-mall north of US 60 and west of Country Club, behind a Burger King. It may be hard to find, but it is worth seeking out.
So glad I went here for dinner tonight! The cuban sandwich was DELICIOUS! The tostones and yucca were also really good. The portions were very generous and the price was extremely reasonable. Will definitely be back!
After my last very disappointing experiences at Mimita's, I had become afraid to stick my neck out on new Cuban restaurants, and so came to my favorite Peruvian restaurant in the valley.  Alas, they are no more, and here stood Azucar in its place.  I was tempted to turn around, but couldn't resist popping in, as I was determined to find out what a Azucar was.

The lay out is so far the same as when this was the Peruvian place, with a largish dance floor on the left side of the restaurant, some booths and tables very spread out in a pretty large space, couple flat screens with direct tv, a nondescript bar.  An interesting feature Alan, the owner told me, is that on Fridays at 5pm they intend to drive traffic by bringing in antique cars (aren't I so punny) by our standards and common cars in Cuba.  So expect an interesting vehicle exhibition on Fridays after work!

Yelena [sp?], co-owner and wife of Alan, was a charming and knowledgeable introduction to Azucar.  She made me a Mojito, 3.50 to drink, which I was satisfied by but wouldn't say it stood out.  But the papa rellenas was my first appetizer, and it was a very tasty version, crispy on the outside, pillowy on the inside with steam rising when punctured with a fork, and the ground beef mixture inside was seasoned nicely too.  It wasn't a very large portion, but for 2.50, you shouldn't expect to get huge apps to share anyways.

However, the main highlight was my entree.  Brilliantly roasted pork, with a nice heavily seasoned near-crust like texture on the outside, ridiculously succulent and juicy meat on the interior.  Not light on the garlic for the garlic haters out there, though thankfully I am not such a creature.  The rice that came with it was fine, but the black beans... wow!  So rich, and when poured over the rice, would have been a tasty meal on its own.  Cooked with pork skin, a sliver of pork skin found its way into my bowl which, though soft and lacking the texture you're used to with pork skin, was another delicious treat.  This entree for 8.99 also came with a side salad that was nothing special, but made a refreshingly light contrast to the heavy and rich foods mentioned above.    

I'm in love with this place and will definitely be here at least once a week.  I'll be the guy at the bar that stares at all the food leaving the kitchen.  In fact, Yelena caught me staring at the home-cooked potato chips and let me try some- delish as well!  You'll love this place!
Azucar- sugar?  I was slightly confused about the restaurant name as we entered, since we didn't really see anything sugary in the menu.  Maybe it's a reference to sugary drinks they might serve? (e.g., mojito, cuba libre)

Ate here for dinner and had some ropa vieja.  It was decent, a little tough though, and lacking in flavor compared to the side dish of black beans that came with it.  The black beans actually were the stand out of the entree- they had a deep smokey flavor that is reminiscent of really good feijoada.  I tried some of the Cuban sandwich, and it is probably the best Cuban sandwich I've had so far.  Perfectly crispy outer bread layer with delicious ham and pork.  

They have a lunch buffet here that I would like to try so I can sample more of the different dishes that they have to offer.
Unfortunately, Azucar no longer serves the lunch buffet.  It's a loss for the Valley.    :-(
I was excited to try this place out especially because I'm all about mom n pop type places. Its also down the street from my office so I was hoping to find a great new lunch place. First time I went with a co-worker the restaurant was open but you wouldnt have been able to tell from the inside. It was darker than a night club inside and they weren't "ready" to serve only but a few things off the menu. The poor waitress was inexperienced, and surprisingly had very little knowledge of Cuban food and had to keep running to the back to ask questions. We decided to leave and try somewhere else and maybe come back when they were more established. I ended up coming back a few weeks later with another friend and tried the buffet and was less than impressed. Pretty much typical buffet- a bunch of mediocre food with little flavor. The fried food that should have been light and hot was cold and greasy. My dreams of yummy sweet and slightly salted tostones were crushed because of course they didnt serve them on the buffet (really?) and again the place was still not prepared to service patrons. We had to ask for place settings, and there were several dishes with no serving spoons (I wasn't sure if they wanted you to use the same spoon for multiple items, but um no thanks). The one thing that was actually good were the black beans- nice smoky flavor, but unfortunately for me that's probably the last item when I think of Cuban food I actually really care about. Too bad there's not much that's sweet about Azucar.
"Azucar!" is a cuban interjection to express joy. It was popularized by the iconic Celia Cruz. 

Had dinner there last night, i ordered Ropa Vieja. The food was outstanding. It is not the strong invasive flavor of Mexican food, but a mellow Cuban taste. No spicy allowed. Which is great.

The portion size was the right one to left you not completely full, but satisfied. The price was also a highlight. 

I was there with a meetup and we were about 50 people. The service got overwhelmed, but they deliver regarding flavor and dispositions to help.

At little bit past 9pm they started the music. Good old tropical music, salsa and similar tunes.

I'm coming back with a small group, on by my own to have lunch on a weekend. It is a must.
Love it, love it, love it!!!! There are many Cuban restaurants in AZ, but this is by far my favorite!! I'm a picky Dominicana, who loves her tostones crisp and her rabos encendidos flavorful and Azucar passes the test!
I didn't want to cook so I had my husband drive down to Mesa about 16 miles.  I waited for the waitress and finally went to the counter to find out if the orders had to be submitted at the counter.  The waitress apologized and came to our table.  She gave us menus and when I had questions about the dishes, she informed me that she was alone taking care of the tables and therefore was rushed.  After ordering, the food came out looking fine until I tasted it.  The food was lukewarm if not cold.  The black beans were more cold than warm.  I felt terrible that I dragged my husband out for this uninspired cold meal.  My food was not bad, but I wouldn't do it again.  By the way, green plaintains are supposed to be flattened until thin--that makes them crispier.  Another lesson for the cook.  It's too bad.. the place probably has potential.
I am an amazing carribbean cook.  I don't know why I bothered going out to eat.  A break for moi perhaps?
This was the first of four places I attempted to go to for dinner last night. It is right across the street from the motel I always stay at and I've been meaning to try them since last summer. I drove over there to find they are now out of business with a sign up advertising the place going in next. I snoozed, I loozed.

 The second place was supposed to be open till 8:30pm according to their Yelp listing, but was closed when I got there a few minutes after 8.

The third place, Omega Gyros, highly recommended on Yelp, was also out of business. FML.

I finally ended up at Yogi's Grill, in Riverview Center.  Thank goodness they were open!

I have no idea when this placed closed or why, since their reviews were so good.
The rice with chicken I got today was amazing! My food came out hot and smelled wonderful! The staff was friendly and kept me updated on the status of my food while I waited.  I will be back!
Someone here mentioned they are out of business. Not so. We just ate there a couple of hours ago. They did *look* like they were out of business. When we pulled up there was only one car in the parking lot. But checking the door we discovered they were open for business, just slow at the time. 

We were greeted and seated right away. Very friendly service from start to finish. The server kept bringing stuff for my little son unasked. 

The food was also good. Maybe not quite as good as the Havana Cafe that used to be in Ahwatukee (I have not tried the Camelback location), but a lot less expensive. 

I had the Cuban Sandwich. Yummy! My wife had Ropa Vieja with rice and fried plantains and she liked it very much. My stepson had Chicken Habanero. He liked it, but wished he had ordered it spicy instead of mild. In all, very good food. Oh, the appetizer, chicken turnovers, was great, if expensive for the portion.

I'm glad we stopped in today. This is almost walking distance to my house, so I am sure we'll be back.
after sometime of hearing about this place i thought id give it a try.. first of all it was a little difficult to find because it is tucked away in a corner, when we first walked in the server greeted us and sat us down right away, she was very nice. now the food wasnt out of this world but it was really good and something different, if your tired of mexican food and want to try another hispanic food you should def try this place, not only is the food good but the ambience is very comforting and the staff is very nice as well
Azucar has moved to 5004 S. Price Rd., in Tempe.     :-)
This place is only open on the weekends, cash only, almost hidden in a strip mall (the only sign out front is a large Puerto Rican flag in the window) but it is one of the best finds in the Phoenix area.  It's the only place I've ever had Puerto Rican food but I think I've been spoiled because it is unbelievably delicious and very very inexpensive.  I have it on good authority that this place is authentically cooked homestyle Puerto Rican food and pastry.  They have mofongo, pernil, arroz con gandules, and different sandwiches like cubano and tripleta.  Mango y queso pastries to finish it off.  Menu changes a bit each week so it's great for return visits.  I can't get enough.
Best Cubano in Phoenix!  I have lived in Cuban neighborhoods in Boston and NY.  This food is legit and yummity at a reasonable price.
Finally had a chance to try this place.  It's definitely a small place, which cheap chairs and plastic tables, so it's not a place you go for the vibe.

The menu apparently changes every weekend.  I had the Mofongo y Pernil, a cola champagne, and the flan.  The mofongo was delicious, and the pernil was ace.  And it was just $7 for the place, which didn't leave me hungry at all.

The flan was not homemade, which was a bit disappointing.  And the cola champagne came in a can rather than a glass bottle, which I would have preferred.  But I guess one can't be too picky when there is a Puerto Rican place a couple miles from home.

The whole meal was just $12, which is very reasonable.  It's just too bad I can't go pick up my dinner here on weeknights...
good, authentic food from PR..the Mofongo is great and so wsa the pork...needs a ittle attention in the dining, but teh food is great and so was Millie!
What a golden treasure to find!!! 

I was taken here as a surprise pre-birthday lunch and I must tell you my heart fluttered once I walked in and smelled the familiarity of it all. 

Being from NYC and of Puerto Rican and Dominican descent, there is nowhere that serves "our food" that has gotten it right until this cafe opened its doors. 

The food is authentic, the service is friendly, the music is old school (salsa). 

The pasteles were to die for, the rice and beans were perfect, the pork chop was moist and fell off the bone. 

Greedy as we were since we don't live in the area, we even stuffed ourselves with a guava/cheese turnover and a quesito. 

They have Malta, Coco Rico and ....wait for it......COLA CHAMPAGNE, my absolute favorite!! 

The mother and daughter team are welcoming and friendly, sort of like going to a relatives house and just shooting the breeze for a few minutes. 

If its busy you will have to wait for your plate, but WHO CARES!!! it's sooo worth the wait. 

The prices are beyond reasonable, and you can even get that Puerto Rican flag you forget to buy last time you went home :) 

If you are missing a taste of home, definitely check this place out before you go to to 2 other places that offer this type of fare (i've tried them both, and they are not even half as good and twice as expensive!!)
Love the sandwiches. Try the Coco-Rico if you've never had it. 
It's hard to find anything but Mexican and chain restaurants in Mesa, so it's nice to have a little variety.
Did you ever say you wished you had a J-Lo butt? Then read on...

I might be a little bias being 1/2 Puerto Rican, but you know you are at the right place when you walk in and see that countries native people eating there. If you want a real treat and have never had Puerto Rican food, please go to Millie's and try it.
It is a Mom & Pop place for sure -you will see Millie herself right behind the counter cookin' your food like you were sitting in her kitchen while her husband is taking your order. The price is definitely right! We practically had the entire menu for $40. Don't be fooled by the ambiance... tiny dining room, fold out tables & chairs, plastic ware & cups with ice from an ice chest propped up on a stool. The food is where the money is!! BTW- cash only, so be prepared. Open Thurs-Sun for lunch & dinner (11am-8pm).

Here are some highlights if you're not familiar:
Tostones... fried & salted plantains - get the garlic side dip
Pasteles... pork inside green banana (like a tamale, but better)
Amarillos... sweet fried banana
Arroz con Gandules... yellow rice w/beans
and last but NOT least (here's where the J-Lo butt comes in)
Mofongo w/a side of pork - it is hard to describe but easy to remember! It is plantain w/crispy fried pork formed into a ball of joy! And the sides of pork that they give are the most tender juicy pork I've ever had. This is a must try item! But not for the faint of heart - literally. 

"Bottom" line is I would eat here everyday if I could afford new clothes.

P.S. I read someone else's review that stated that the Flan was not made there. Just FYI, Millie is the Flan Lady & makes the flan right there in that same kitchen. The only problem is that she makes it for restaurants valley wide & so in that mass production - it loses some of it's homemade quality. It is still good though & she makes a mean pastry. Try 'em!
BEST. EVER. Authentic! Staff is friendly, family owned and proud! Prepare though, as its not open all week and only takes cash.
Ever since I saw one on TV, I have been wanting to try a real Cuban Sandwich for the longest time, but there aren't many Cuban places in Hawaii where I grew up. So after reading the reviews on here, I had to try this place. 

It did not disappoint. 

The Cubano sandwich was awesome. The pork was juicy, the bread was crispy, and the elements worked so well together. The sandwich was also huge, and could easily be a lunch and dinner, a steal for only $5.50 plus you get a small bag of chips. The only criticism was that it was a bit too salty (you know how you get some spots that are more salted than others, that was the case here). I also got some deliciously crispy tostones with garlic dip. Yum. Better than french fries.
My parents are from Puerto Rico and I just took them here. I'd been here once before with my sister and husband and we loved it, but I had to take my parents before writing the review... And they agreed, Millie's Cafe has great, authentic Puerto Rican cuisine. The menu is small and they offer different specials every week. My faves so far are the cubano sandwich, pernil, the tostones, papa rellena and the MOFONGO! Seriously the mofongo is delicious. Crisp pieces of bacon, chicharron, and plantains rolled into a ball of garlicky happiness.  The pastelillos de guayaba and quesitos are great too. The owners are super sweet and straight from the island.  I highly recommend it, I only hope that in the future they can extend their menu.
Millies is AMAZING!  I am Puerto Rican (from NY) and often have great food when I visit my Mom & Titi's house but I have to say that Millies Arroz con Gandules are the best I have ever had!  My husband is american and not a big fan of beans but he always has 2nd and 3rds of Millies rice.  We also get most of our parties catered from there and our guests always want to know where the amazing food comes from.  We love Millies and go back as often as we can.  I hope she can stay open for many years to come!
I am Puerto Rican and Cuban and have had authentic food all of my life.  I was very disappointed to move to the valley and not find as many restaurants that are Puerto Rican or Cuban :-(  However, one day my family and I were driving in Mesa and I decided to yelp a restaurant and this popped up!  I will state that it is in a bigger strip mall type of area and so therefore you can pass it a couple of times before actually finding it.  When you first walk in you realize that it is extremely small.  There aren't that many chairs or seating and they were pretty much packed when we got there (only about 4 tables in total I believe).  However, the service was impecable!  The counter had baked pastries that looked wonderful and the other half had Puerto Rican novelties for sale!  As most know, we are proud to be puerto rican and love to flaunt it so this was a major plus for me. 

The gentleman at the counter (I can't remember his name right now) was extremely friendly and answered all questions my 12 year old daughter had.  Food was great as well, had authentic puerto rican spices, flavor were great!  After eating my daughter asked a lot of questions about different memorabilia that were decoration.  They had a very large mirror that had the full Island of Puerto Rico with the different towns pointed out.  My daughter and I talked about our family history when he overheard me state that my grandma was from Bayamon, PR and he chimed in stating that he was there for many years before coming to the states.  It was very nice of him to tell me about the town and culture there considering I have not been to my home island since I was a child.  I will definitely have to go back.  We ate mainly quick sandwiched (where my husband stated that the tuna sandwiches was the best he's ever had) but next time I am sure I will have to try a main dish. 

Very happy to find a place that has great food and above all else fabulous service.  Must try for anyone...
My husband is from Puerto Rico. We eat here for comfort food. It is homemade and reminds him of his momma's cooking. The full meals usually last 2-3 meals for me. I can't have gluten and can get the dinners. There are things I am unable to eat, but the dinners are good.
Great find!  Wait is a little long, but worth it!
so i live far out of the valley and being puerto rican, i was just checking yelp for puerto rican places to eat.  i seen this one in mesa, i was ecstatic...

THE FOOD IS AWESOME AND COOKED TO ORDER......that is the best way to do it, at least we know its not processed and just waiting getting dry.  there was so much flavor and it was juicy... i had the mofongo it did not disappoint.......then i had the arroz con gandules with pernil, that to was perfect........it was just like my abuela was doing it.......i will definitely go back for more.......
now they are open on wednesday, just one more day to go see Millie... 

The place is family owned and small but that adds to the ambiance...

I definitely recommend Millie's Cafe to any one and everyone......

Enjoy food from puerto rico......
Their pasteles Can't be beat.  Very, very good.  Eating partner had Cod fish (Valenciana) with root vegetables (malanga, banana, yuca).  The reason he had to eat this is because he doesn't eat pork and there were no chicken dishes being offered.  Are you serious?  No chicken dishes on the menu?  Chicken is the GO-TO meat for people nowadays. When in doubt get chicken.  Not a smart move to limit the menu on a Friday night.  My eating partner said the codfish was fine but really didn't want to partake of all the carbs in the root vegetables.  Had the plain mofongo because of the pork issue. It usually comes with bacon and crackling. But we had to get it Veggie.  It was small with no sauce, but it definitely had a garlicky flavoring. I will have garlic breath for a bit.  I would not order that mofongo again, especially veggie style.  Ordered two guava filled pastries, a bargain at $1.25 each but the problem is the they were not guava filled.  They were barely filled. Next  time more guava pulp in it folks, otherwise it's not worth eating.  
I would go back for pasteles ONLY if I were in the neighborhood as I drove many miles to get there.  
Good luck with your restaurant and make sure you have chicken on the menu every day.  You can't lose.
we tried their pasteles, roast pork and mofongo which was all delicious and also had the potato balls best we have ever had at a restaurant.    
The pastries were also delicious you have to try them.
A few months into my move from NYC, I so had a hankering for Puerto Rican fare. I looked up Yelp on my phone and Mille's came up. I was not too far away driving up from Tempe so I took the chance and drove to Mesa.
The restaurant was bare bones, pretty much a takeaway joint with the stray table. I looked at the small amount of menu items and spied the pernil and pasteles. Well, this was exactly what I was missing. Ordered with a side of rice and beans and waited for about 15 minutes for my order to come up.
Driving home, I nearly went crazy with the scents of home wafting out of the bag in the footboards of my car.
Am I going to make it home before I tear open the bag and start eating with my fingers?

I made it home and tore open the bag, took out a beer from the fridge and started to taste my treasure. The rice and beans, tasted fresh enough, the pasteles really good. Even by NYC standards. The pernil, was Okay. On the salty side, really salty. But I endured, because I was so desperate to feel like I was home once again.

3 stars due to the overly salted, pernil. Lack of ambiance at the store front. But the pasteles, man they were right on. Next time I gotta ask if they can sell me frozen ones to keep for another hankering!

Hopefully, they will make to restaurant more inviting in the future. But do come out and try great Puerto Rican pasteles! :)
If I was just reviewing the food and the friendliness of the staff I would give 4.5 stars.  Both are really great.  Overall I give 4 stars, because they don't take credit cars for one.  That is a big drawback for me because I don't usually carry cash and I had to go to an ATM and come back.  Secondly, they don't sell fountain drinks.  They sell it in cans but come on...we all know thats just not the same.

I will be going back though because the food is that good.  I had the BBQ pork, yellow rice, and tostones.....all fantastic.
This has to be one of my favorite places to eat in the area. It is a small restaurant, with a small staff but the food is absolutely amazing. 

I have never been to Puerto Rico but if the food everywhere tastes like this I should probably make the trip. I am a lover of sandwiches and the Jibarito has to be one of the best I have ever tasted, easily in the Top 5 sandwiches I have ever had. Well seasoned beef and goodies sandwiched between plaintains, wow!.

Tropi-cola is worth the price, even though it's just a single serving, it complements the food and makes the good even gooder.

Be sure to try the Relleno de Papa and Tostones to warm up for the main dish!
We went to Millie's Cafe to check out the Puerto Rican food today. When we entered the cafe  we saw old home favorites from the Bronx like pastille's,  plantains, cubano sandwiches, peril and couldn't wait to order. The appetizers were fresh seasoned but not hot ( a trademark of good Puerto rican food)  and were huge. My wife and I shared assorted appetizers such as  acapurria,and sweet bananas cooked perfectly, Then we shared this triple meat sandwich composed of pork, beef and ham with pickle and assorted seasonings,  panini style. THe cubano sandwich was made the same way  you would find in Puerto Rico or NYC, that was how good it was made. The prices were more than reasonable and yes they dont take credit cards. However, for $20.00 for 2 people cash where else do you get this quality of homemade food,  We will be coming back and bringing family  and friends. My wife who is an outstanding Puerto Rican cook gave her nod of approval. If you are craving PuertoRican food or just want to try it, give it a chance no $7.00 hamburger comes even close to how you will enjoy this little treasure in the Desert.
If you like Puerto Rican food and you're in the Phoenix area then this is your place. You can either spend hours in the kitchen, put your family on a plane and bring then here to cook for you or just go here for great food. Good portions, reasonable prices and great flavor. I'm sure you won't be disappointed. I've been here a few times and each time it's good.
As a Puerto Rican who lived in the island for 26 years and who cook Puerto Rican food on a weekly basis, I have to say, hands down, that Millie's Cafe is a great option for those interested in authenticity. The staff is really sweet, they make you feel like home. I had their alcapurrias, mofongo and sandwich cubano, and everything was amazing. The only critique is that they don't accept credit cards. Besides that, Millie's is a great option for those who are looking for authentic flavors from the Spanish Caribbean.
A very small establishment with very simple decor, yet extraordinary food. This place is cash only, so make sure to get some before you come. Everything is reasonably priced, I ordered Pernil with arroz con gandules and that cost $6.50. Throw in a can of soda for a dollar and we're talking about lunch w/tip for about $10. My food was excellent, it reminded me of mi abuela's cooking. And the portions were huge, so I'll be having a trip down memory lane for lunch tomorrow too! 5 stars.
I was born and raised in PR, I still live there and I can safely say that this place is a as genuine as they come. I travel a lot for work and this place is tied as the best/most authentic Puerto Rican restaurant I've been to in the states. The other place is in Rochester, NY considering that in Rochester there is a huge Puerto Rican community it says a lot about Millie being able to provide such great authentic good out here in AZ.

Some people have criticised the decor and I understand them thinking this. However, this only made it more genuine because the food and the look of the restaurant was exactly like that of a small cafeteria found in the old town center of a smaller town back in PR. I was transported when I went in.

I've only been once and they did have chicken, I've read a number of reviews that mention it not having chicken always. If this is so then this would be the only issue I could think of.

I recommend the mofongo to anyone that hasn't tried it before, it's great here.

Also, everybody should buy the tostones, they are perfectly made here and they are cheap. They are double fried plantains, specifically green plantains. They are chopped into maybe an inch thick pieces then they are fried until they are golden, then they are removed, squashed and fried again. They sound easy to make and for the most part they are. But they are also easy to not get right and they are perfectly made here.
Drove over 150 miles to eat here! Damn, it was worth every mile!  Authentic Puerto Ricans
 cooking Puerto Rican Food! We had the Pollo con Arroz, Pernil con Arroz Y Gondules, Tostones, Accapuria, and their homemade Flan.  Brought back memories of my grandmothers food! Met the owners and his family and they were as friendly as can be! See you guys when we come back into town.  If you are looking for great Puerto Rican authentic food and your wallet is hurting then this is the place for you. We had a feast and still didn't break the bank.  Average dish price about $6.50. Portion size felt like I was eating at Grandmas house for dinner.  Had enough to take home for snack time later!
First off I'm Puerto Rican! I was not impressed with the food here at all. The flavor was lacking and so was the gravy. Who wants to eat dry rice and chicken! Sorry, just keepin it real. If your looking for friendly service then by all means eat here. The owner is sweet. I didn't finish my food. So after attempting to eating here I went home and cooked real PR food..yum. Gosh I miss the East Coast! Umm I won't be back.
Having moved to Phoenix only a few short months back, we were hoping to find authentic Puerto Rican food in the area since it's everywhere on the East Coast.  We found this place through Urban Spoon and decided we just had to try it out.  

The restaurant itself is one of those "hole-in-the-wall" places that you might just drive right past without even realizing it.  It's obviously a mom and pop place and continues that feel when you walk inside.  The decor is simple, but functional - read as, minimal with fold out table and chairs that work just fine for eating in.  

I don't think that the owner and his wife could have been any nicer!  They were just charming and easy to talk to about where we were from and how much we loved Puerto Rican food.  If you go for nothing else - go say "hi" to the owner.  

We had the chicken and rice, pork (carne asada),  and an order of the empanada - he called it something different, but I forget the name, my apologies.  The chicken and pork were to die for, but the rice wasn't at all what we were expecting.  It wasn't bad, but wasn't awesome.  The meats more than made up for the difference.  

Overall, I'd say we'll go back after trying a few more local area places and perhaps try different sides then the rice and beans (which I won't lie, is disappointing).  

Rating: B+
Went here while visiting family in the area. I am in love. The Pasteles, Gandule Rice, and Guava Cheese Pastry is unbelievable. The pastele was $3.50. The pastry was just under $2. The gandule rice came with slow cooked pork and was on special for $6.50 The food is plenty and well worth it. Although I'm used to paying less for ala carte pastele. It was delicious and I would totally go there again. Who knew cheese and guava could taste so good??!?
So good, just like family makes in New York! I think my favorite is the Pork with rice, although recently I got the Cuban sandwich I was in heaven, every time I meet someone new I always tell them that they have to go to Millie's. and since my sister in-law came from back east who's cooked this kind of food and now that she in the hospital she keeps sending me in for something new, I try to get something different each time we go there, yes I recommend this place to so many I can't count all I have told.
I'm a New York Native and Millie's Cafe has all the goodies that remind me of home. I always get the pernil (roast pork) and rice with gandules which is always great. She also makes great cakes and pastries. The customer service is exceptional and the prices are reasonable. I would recommend Millie's cafe.
Really good food.  Make sure you call in order if your getting take out.  This place is not fast food.  I think they make one order at a time.  I had the mofongo which was good.   Will be going back.
I'm CUBAN and as far as Cuban food in Arizona goes  there is none. No and I don't like Havana cafe.  Milly is the best that we have found. The picnic pork was as good as homemade. The rice is excellent as well as the yucca.... the mofongo which I suggest anyone to try was amazing. It was very.inexpensive ad casual. Totally worth drive fromNorth Scottsdale.  We loved it so much we ordered it for our engagement party and fed 20 ppl for about 150 bucks. Thank you Millie!! We are now regulars.
Stop here frequently! Best Puerto Rican food in Arizona!! If you're looking for some pr comfort food you must stop in! I love Millie's famous flan but always stop in just for pastelillos!! They are just like the ones from the island!!! 

Pros: large portions
Home made from scratch 
Great prices 

Only thing is it's cash only!!!
good food
My first time here and the food is beyond meeting my expectations! It was so delicious! Small place but was greeted by a friendly face and he even talked me thru the menu so that I can make my best choice! Pricest are very good considering the portion size. Definitely gonna be a regular here considering I live very close! Recommend anything with pork.
Since my first review I have been to Millie's to pick up orders of Pasteles (both pork and chicken), alcapurrias (banana fritters stuffed with ground beef), and morcilla (blood sausage).  All of these are uncooked and I cook them myself at home.  What a fantastic idea to have all of these things in the freezer and when I get home from a day out or a shopping spree, I basically don't have to cook!   Put the pasteles on for 45 minutes, add a salad or some veggies on the side and you are done!!! Delicious home made food in less than an hour.  This rocks!  The alcapurrias I fry up 5 or 6 at a time and keep them in the fridge.  Then simply microwave them (wrapped in paper towels) and it is a delicious mid afternoon snack.  I am disappointed that the morcilla is not regularly available as it is only available during the Christmas holidays.  I wish they would take orders and make them available several times a year.  
Continue to make your delicious food Millie... see you this Wednesday to pick up my new order of your yummy food.  
Gracias y buena suerte......

BTW folks,  this is the ONLY real Puertorican restaurant with real puertorican food in the Valley.  Others may be big and fancy but their "puertorican" menu ideas of versions of the real deal.
We had the pork and chicken entrées. Moist and delicious like you might never taste anywhere else. The pastelillos de carne and the 2 plantain appetizers were exceptional as well. The owner said we got lucky on the sweet plantains because she has trouble getting good ones here. Millie and her daughter were very friendly and took the time to guide us through the menu choices and afterwards explain the recipes. If you like some heat, the mix of peppers/water/vinegar/oil/spices was unique and flavorful. Everything is very plain and simple there but it was a great experience. Looking forward to going back and trying some other things as well.
Stopped there for lunch, had an Alcapurria and a Cuban sandwich (I'm Cuban but grew up in Puerto Rico), both were very good. The staff was very attentive and friendly. And the prices are excellent. Will definitely go back to try more things on their menu!
Holy cow this might have been the best Cuban I've ever tasted, and I'm from Florida where Cuban restaurants are pretty common, so I've eaten many. I know it's lame to get a Cuban at a Puerto Rican restaurant, but I can't wait to go back and try one of the entrees.

This gem is tucked into a little strip mall (surprise!) and you can tell instantly it's a mom n pop joint. The lady working the counter was very friendly despite my wide-eyed gringo-ness. I will be back--soon!
Just get the Cubano - it is the best I have ever had.  This $5.50 sandwich is worth all of $12.00 and so good....it's also huge!!!
First I wanna say mmmm mmmm mmmm..... Millie's cafe totally had my husband and I satisfied and to be honest we can't wait to go back for more!!  Both my husband and I are Puerto Rican but all our pr family are back in Detroit/Ohio and Puerto Rico so getting to eat some of the foods we grew up on and loved by someone other then our mothers, grandmothers or aunts was so nice! Totally had us feeling nostalgic... The pastele's were awesome I recommend the yuka ones,but my husband still like the original ones the best... Awesome pork and arroz gandules... Great pastillos... So flaky and good! Rellenos de papas are just like my great aunt would make back home;0) we bought a huge bottle of their home made pike-pika and my husband is now in heaven! I expect to go through the bottle every two weeks or so so.... I suppose we will just have to return again and again to get more ;0)  ultimately with Millie's the owners are so nice and welcoming and since the food is so good and definitely authentic Puerto Rican cuisine it's a win win situation! I definitely recommend giving Millie's a try you won't be sorry! The only thing that could improve this place would be that it was closer to where we live and maybe a few slices of avocado available just in case people wanted to order them... I personally love avocado on everything, but that's just me... Neither the hour drive nor the lack of avocado will stop us from being back;0)
A diamond in the rough! Order something to go as seating is limited to about 12 persons inside. 
Enjoy!
Great food, great service, great prices! Being born and raised in Puerto Rico I'm a tough critic when it comes to "comida criolla" and I gotta say this place is an oasis in the middle of the desert. I just wish it was closer to Yuma so I could go more often.
All the food here is very authentic and very well prepared one of my favorite places to eat  I'm glad I found this little hidden place , I I recommend the special relleno De Pappas, and the yucca pasteles are the best I've ever had!
they are one the best family run cafe"s in america period! They really care and i am very  proud to have such a fine example of my puerto rican heritage in this state.Pastelios de guava pastries are addictive!
Small restaurant, but food is good and authentic, and the staff is friendly. If you're in the mood for something a little different but not totally out of the ordinary, this is a great choice.
Everything is great here as far as the food goes. They are cash only so that first makes be suspicious and we came here tonight and are waiting 40 mins for our food. They had a lot of people but they should be able to serve more then three groups in a timely manner. If there is anyone in line in front of you choose somewhere else. If your the only one, stop by and enjoy some great food.
Calling all Puerto Ricans if you haven't been to Millies you haven't been to the best Boricua food West of the Mississippi and possible east of it. My mother in law who lives in Puerto Rico is the only other amazing Puerto Rican food and I'm not obligated to say that ;) We are here on Mother's day and the little place is packed. From the Pernil con arroz con gandules to the pasteles the food is amazing. They are known for their mofongo which is really good too in fact everything on the menu is good. And don't forget the flan for dessert. She makes it homemade and from what Millie has told us she sells it to other mexican restaurants in the area. I would take a picture of the food but I already ate it. :)
I had the pernil con arroz and gandules, tostones with garlic sauce and mofongo with pork. I am not sure what authentic Puerto Rican food is supposed to taste like because it was my first experience with it ... But I will say this, everything tasted AWESOME to me! This place is cozy and clean.  I will be back and I officially love Puerto Rican food and Millie's. Cash only. Make sure to ask for pikka pikka (hot sauce). Great for takeout.
I took my Spanish class to Millie's, and it was a great experience.  The entire staff was very friendly and accommodating.  You could tell they truly cared about every one of their customers and are very passionate about Puerto Rican Cuisine.  And the food! Wow! I tried the mofongo for the first time, and was very impressed.  Everything I have tried on their menu has been delicious.  You really can't go wrong with Millie's!!!
I've had the mofongo, totones, arroz con habichuelas and pernil.  Everything was great!  Staff there are awesome, very friendly and bring things to you. 

The things I would definitely work on for this place are:  DON"T take credit cards only cash.  Also they serve things on paper plates, I don't understand why they won't serve on regular plates, even if they are plastic.  

However, food is good and I will be back.
Best Cuban sandwich EVER!!!  Great service, clean and DELICIOUS!!  I ate the cuban sandwich with a side of maduros and a malta..my better half ate Pernil w/mofongo; alcapurria; papa rellena and topped it off w/tres leche cake. (He likes to eat)--we both Highly recommend!!!!  All that food under $30....Cash only so come ready
Me and a friend were trying to find a new Cuban food restaurant since Havana Cafe's Arcadia location closed in April. My friend found this place to try, which is Puerto Rican food and very similar to Cuban food so we decided to give this place a shot.

It's a very unassuming, small counter service place with just 3 tables but we were able to grab a table and order quickly. The menu is small; they had a couple of specials listed, a few types of sandwiches,  a variety of sides, desserts, and canned and bottled beverages.

A large part of the positive experience was based on the service. They were sooo nice! They asked if we had any questions and explained any dishes we weren't sure of. I wish you could find service like that in other places! 

As far as the food, I ordered the half steak sandwich,  a side of Amarillos (sweet fried plantains, akin to Cuban Maduros), Alcapurrias (banana/yucca mix stuffed with ground beef), and the rellenos papas (a deep fried ball of mashed potatoes stuffed with ground beef). My friend ordered the...and my apologies I don't remember the name...the chicken dish with rice, a pastel (tamale like concoction stuffed with pork), and the tostones  (savory plantains smashed down and fried like chips) with garlic sauce. Everything was amaaazing! So good! Just as good as Havana Cafe yet it was very affordable...bonus!!

The only downside was they take cash only and the menu is small but all in all I think it was a 5 star worthy place.  Unfortunately,  I live in the North valley but if I'm on that side of town I'll gladly stop there!
My new favorite place for puerto rican food. Excellent service and friendly staff. Authentic flavor straight from the island. Tostones, tripletas, arroz con habichuelas, pasteles...yumm!
My wife is Puerto Rican and one of the pickiest people on the planet when it comes to food especially puerto rican food. If her mom didn't make it can't be good right? WRONG! I ordered pernil and tostones just to try the place. 
My wife could not resist. She ate half of what I ordered and proceeded to order a second round and added arroz con gandules.
She ate until she was full and we brought the rest home for later.
Based on my wife's reaction, this joint is great!
Great prices too but cash only!
Omg! Went in on a whim and it was sooooo good! Very friendly,  helpful with  the menu. Offered advice on what to get.  Described all the menu ites and what is in them.
The pork just melts in your mouth, and the rice and beans was tasty. The Cubana was also excellent. Super friendly service!
Have to go back soon to try the pastels and the tres leches...
I've driven by Roly's dozens of times. It's a small little mom-and-pop joint located across the street from UNLV. One thing that caught my eye about this place is a sign that touts that they have the best Cuban sandwiches. When someone makes that sort of claim, I don't just take their word for it. I take this matter into my own hands.

Walking in, I saw their array of baked goods right away. Some being traditional items like cheesecakes, croissants, as well as their own selection of treats of Hispanic influence. Everything looked absolutely delicious, but I had to pass since I was there looking for a meaty lunch. Those sweet treats were put there to distract me when I had a sign to challenge.

The Cuban sandwich comes to about $8 + tax. It comes with the traditional works: ham, sliced pork, some pickles, swiss cheese, and mustard served between their own baked bread. In terms of flavor, the sandwich could have had more, especially with their sliced pork. It wasn't a bad sandwich, but it left me feeling indifferent. I kinda like my Cuban sandwich a bit more greasy and toasty. Sorry Roly's, but this was not the best Cuban sandwich. It was a bit to plain for my tastes. I have to admit that the thing was gigantic though.
*3/5 stars based on the sandwich alone

I decided to bump the overall rating to 4 stars due to how delicious everything else looked. They even had chorizo pizza and empanadas, which I definitely have to come back to try. Their cakes are very extensive and have so many other baked goods that's sure to satisfy the sweet tooth. I'll keep that in mind the next time that I drop by.
Great little shop on the corner of Trop and Maryland. I cant say a whole lot about the pastries but the Looked incrediable! A bit pricey but I'm sure well worth it.

I tried the Cuban Sandwich- very simple ham, mustard, pickle, swiss/mozzarella cheese. what stuck out was the BREAD- OMG, it was so soft. I cant tell you how it's made but it was the first time I've ever tasted bread with that sort of texture. Try it, it's good- but I warn you the sandwich is quiet large. 

If you're looking for something to wash it down with try a good ol Malta Goya! very unusual taste- but you might like it!
Never coming back, unprofessional.
Ordered a cake day prior came for pick up it wasn't ready and they had to substitute ingredients then what they said they would put. Had me waiting for an hour. Could be just baked a cake at home probably. No sense of compromise for my disatisfaction. Got the cake for work and ended being late for work. Disappointed much senor.
I love Roly's Bakery, it's the best Cuban bakery in town! pizza is fabulous! guava and coconut pastelitos are delicious! and excellent customer service! 5 stars to this place! and if you just feel to take food to go this is the place!
I ran into this bakery by pure chance while buying some parts for my car late one afternoon a few weeks ago... and it was the amazing smell of freshly baked goods that lured me in! A mixture between a colombian and cuban bakery, this place has some yummy breads, pastries and cakes from different regions south of the border at very reasonable prices. I purchased a toasted coconut cake, fruit pastelitos (turnovers) as well as some ground beef ones and they were all awesome. Oh yeah, and if you are in the mood for a cuban-style coffee, get ready to indulge! Their coffee is awesome. Although I did not get a chance to try their bread, it all looked very tasty.

The lady behind the counter was friendly and courteous. The owner also came out to honor a Yelp deal I received (apparently it is expired but still shows up upon checking in) and did it all with a smile!  I will most certainly visit this bakery again soon!
I was dragging during a midday slump and waiting for a friend to get out on his lunch break. Driving around the university, I spotted this bakery. I am always in search of a sweet pick me up. 

Looking around, Roly's offer the usual goods and a full scale menu. If we did not have plans to go to a restaurant close by, I would have told him to meet me there. After the experience, I probably should have. Not wanting to completely gorge myself, I ordered a eclair. It is massive. For $2.75, this large pastry is nothing to complain about. The thin shell had a good bite and did not go soggy due to the cream custard filling. The chocolate dip was generous, but not too sweet. As I was paying, I saw large trays of tres leches for $10. I wished they had mini cups or single sized portions for sale. At least I know where I can get a party size tray for the next picnic UYE.

When you check in with Yelp this week, they offer a choice between a coconut or guava danish.
Yummo!

Very good authentic Cuban sandwiches and pastries.  Fantastic breakfast and really liked that the omelet was not greasy.  It was so tasty, filling, and budget friendly as well.  

It's hard to find Ironbeer and Materva unless you're at a Cuban place and it was so exciting to get some. Om nom nom.

Since we were driving back to LA we picked up some great pastries for the ride home.  

They do compare themselves to Portos (they even have a sign out front that says it), however they are not Portos.  Don't expect the crazy lines (yay).  The selection of pastries is not as large but they are just as good!
Delicious sandwiches and pastries, surly staff. No greeting, no thank you. The girl behind the counter seemed very irritated that we were asking questions such as "does the sandwich come with mayo?" and "can we get it with no pickles?" (STILL got it with pickles). I know that working with the public is unpleasant a lot (if not most) of the times but when a customer is smiling and asking a question nicely, the least you could do is fake some niceness and not act as if we're inconveniencing you. We'll be back because the food is really good, and now we know not to expect too much politeness service-wise, but it'd be nice to be able to put in an order and not be made feel like a jerk.
I LOVE this place!
I found it on yelp when I was looking for breakfast places near the airport.

The bakery is in a little shopping center and unless you are actually looking for it you may miss it.

We went for breakfast and had the vegetable omelet. It was like $5 and it includes coffee or soda, toast and even a delicious pastry.

It was a super deal, delicious, very clean and the staff was super friendly.
Very nice family owned place with very inexpensive home cooked food. You HAVE to go if you need a break from the strip or if you have a little time before your flight.
What a disappointment!!!  I was excited to visit Roly's Bakery I am Cuban and recently relocated here from Miami.  Being in Vegas for a few months now I have been missing the pastelitos, Cuban bread, and sandwich.  I expected something a bit more authentic.  It's a shame the people of Las Vegas will equate Roly's Bakery with Cuban pastries since they probably don't know anything better.  First of all the Cuban bread wasn't authentic it was like the chewy bread Wal-Mart sells.  For those of you who've never had wonderful authentic Cuban bread, it has huge air pockets, is very very light in texture, with a crust that flakes almost like paper.  The pastelitos were as far away from authentic as the bread. Again, they missed the flakiness and  the taste was mediocre.  The only thing they nailed was the cod croquettes.
I came to know of this bakery while searching for bakeries here in Las Vegas that were similar to Portos in Los Angeles. With that in mind, please note that I am writing this review with regards to only two items.

I sampled their guava/cheese strudel, qnd their cheese strudel, which the lady working the counter told me was their "cheese roll" equivalent.

It was $1.25 for each. Much pricier per piece compared to Portos' 85 cents or so for each one.

I found both strudels to be overly doughy and I am missing that light, airy, and much more flakier bread of Portos. Filling wise, I thought both could have used more given the much more dense dough and larger piece. Tastewise, I would say it's alright but nothing to brag to the portos lover about.

I would come back, because I know cuban bakeries have good stuff and I would like to try out more items.
I tried some of Roly's items at a birthday party and I wanted to return. I was mainly in search of the fish croquettes which were like a creamy fish stick. These are so good and I am glad I went. I tried some pineapple coconut cake which was outstanding. Some many more items to try I can't wait to go back, the Cuban sandwich on the menu was calling my name.
I'm happy that my brother, a Las Vegas resident, knows all the decent bakeries in town. Since Roly's Cuban bakery is near McCarran, we often stop here before heading to my mom's when I fly into town. So if you get on Tropicana leaving the airport, turn right.  In front of UNLV is an old Strip Mall with Roly's facing campus. It's not much to look at from the outside. And it's not particularly descript on the inside until you look at the display cases full of pastries and the most beautiful cakes.

The two women working inside didn't speak much English, but I speak enough Spanish that with the menu having pictures and prices, it's no problem. Just point and pay - money speaks in all languages. My brother order a Hamburger.  The burger took about 10 minutes, and it smelled and tasted different in a good way.  There are several different types of burgers, but the regular $6.99 burger is a quarter pound patty, with a Cuban style bun.  Chorizo is blended into the meat patty, and cooked chorizo is part of the  toppings, along with mayo, and red bell peppers, I would give the burger 4 stars. It would be great with an IPA (which Roly's doesn't sell)

Pastries were kind of sparse at 5 PM but some good ones were still around. I opted to get a slice of mango cake, with sweet mango topping a white cake and mango puree topping with cream between the layers.. I also got a slice of tiramisu, my favorite thing of all we ordered.  It had a strong cocoa smell from the cocoa powder topping, with whipped cream and white cake layers.  I also enjoyed the guava cheese strudel, but it was a bit heavy and too sweet.  I liked the coconut pastry with the dried sweet coconut paste inside the pastry.  The rolito pastry, rolled yellow cake with pastry, was decent but not as good as the other stuff.

Too bad we didn't taste the cakes. The ones we saw were beautiful, and if they tasted anything like they looked they would be perfect.  We don't plan to order any cakes soon, but this would definitely be a spot to order one.  There are table and chairs for those ordering their sandwiches and relaxing.
I started my love affair with Cuban pastries in Los Angeles, when I walked into a not-so-small bakery called Porto's. One taste of their cheese rolls and I was hooked. (btw, the closest thing I've come to Porto's cheese rolls in Las Vegas is Chef Flemming's cheese danishes. His store is in Henderson, you can check my profile for a review) 

It's hard to compete with a giant like Porto's, especially to a self-professed Porto's fanatic, one that has eaten there no less than fifty times and half their menu. So, I was more than excited to try Roly's, a small unassuming bakery located in the Von's shopping center, that boasts that they are "like" Porto's. 

And for the most part, they live up to the boast. I've been there a handful of times over the years and I've thoroughly enjoyed my purchases. The cod croquettes are moist and flavorful, that have a nice crunchy exterior (think of gourmet fish sticks). Their potato balls are huge, filled with a spicy ground meat. It's both tasty and filling. 

The star of the store is their pastries. I thought their mango and guava cakes were light and delicious. They appealed to my palate as they weren't overly sweet and the taste of the fruit outshined the cake. Also, there was no cream on the mango, just the mango filling and cake. Winner! 

I liked their guava streudel too. But c'mon, this was nothing like Porto's celebrated guava cheese roll, not even close. It had a tasty guava filling on typical strudel dough. 

There's a lot of Cuban pastries and dishes on their menu. There are some I have never tried, such as their tocinillo de cielo, a pastry made with egg yolks, sugar and water and tastes much like flan (according to Wikipedia). 

On their food menu, they have Cuban sandwiches, and omelettes. To round out the meal, they offer a different styles of coffee, the most interesting being the Cuban coffee, made from cuban espresso, a dark roast.
Delicious Cuban pastries, yummy breakfast omelets and affordable prices.  Ain't nothing like this in Texas. Great off the strip cafe,  you all go check it out!
This place is amazing. I have gone there every single time I wanted / needed a cake. They're cakes are delicious and so moist. The spaghetti.. There is so much of it and its just so great. The sandwiches are massive. About the same size of the bag. Which is a good size and its thick. Also the pizza is soft, its smooth, its fantastic. Best pizza in vegas.
This place is great!  Especially if you like good Cuban coffee and a pastry to go with it.  But they also had a good breakfast offering.  I had the veggie omelet and the choritzo omelet.  Both were great with fresh ingredients.  But most impressive was the coffee.  They make a classic Cuban coffee with sugar, and they also make a great cafe con leche.

Interestingly, if you search for coffee houses in Las Vegas, almost all of them are some distance away from the strip.  I guess that is because the coffee houses serve people living here, not the tourists.  So this was a great find, although it will take a car to get there.  Highly recommended.

By the way, they also run a wedding cake business from the same bakery, but you can get many of the cakes by the slice - nice!
Didnt explain menu and what a 'pastry' meant to them vs expectations, plastic silverware and styrofoam plates. Just ok
Cuban sandwiches and coffee. Yummy! The pasteries are great, too, if  you like the flakey kind. My biggest complaint is that they take a very, very long time to get a to-go order ready. It took over half an hour to get a freaking sandwich made. If you aren't in a hurry and love a good Cuban bakery, this is a good one. I would go there again.
I last visited Roly's a few months back, but I wanted to write a review and forgot...sorry.  Anyway, I am Dominican and I was born and raised in Miami. Many of my friends growing up are Cuban.  To this day, when I go home to Miami my dad goes to Riviera Bakery on 17th ave to get me an assortment of pastelitos. So, I consider myself an honorary Cuban pastry connoisseur.  With that said, I will say that Roly's is pretty good, for Vegas. 
I've had the pastelittos (pastries) - cheese, guava, guava with cheese and meat. All good, but not as flaky and yummy as I am used to. 
I've had the croquettes, and they are okay as well. 
I had a mango milkshake and a mamay milkshake and they were both good.  
Can't go wrong with a cafe con leche.  
So here's the deal.  If you're expecting authentic "from back home" stuff, then you're going to be disappointed.  But, if you just need a little fast of home to get you through the day, week or months, then you'll be okay.  They do a good job and trying to make everything truly as Cuban as possible and you have to give credit where it's due.  And if there are Cubans in there on a regular basis drinking coffee and eating sandwiches, then it's gotta have some authenticity to it. 
Give it at try!!
I first visited Roly's Bakery two weeks ago with my husband. We stopped in for a pastry and coffee to follow up lunch at Cuba Cafe. 

Confession: We had a full meal with appetizers, sides, entrees, dessert, AND coffee at Cuba Cafe but, upon realizing Roly's was just down the street and on the way home, we decided to turn our cheat meal into a cheat life. I'm not ashamed. 

Though I was unable to eat again until the next day, I'm both glad we visited and sad we didn't know about this place sooner. 

My husband and I are recent transplants from LA where Cuban bakeries are abundant (Porto's and Cafe Tropical being two popular go-to's). I mention this because most of my experience with Roly's is best explained through comparisons from what I already know.

We ordered a guava cheese pastry, otherwise known as a pastel de guayaba con queso, and two espressos. 

The coffee: It's very easy to percolate a pot of Cuban coffee at home but it's so refreshing to have it done for you on a much cooler industrial percolator.  Based on the cups used, Gavina is the grounds of choice here. Within minutes, two steaming cups were brought to our table and we were directed to the counter for our sweeteners. My Cuban husband was disappointed to not have his coffee made with the characteristic sugar slurry but, at the same time, having the option of using non-sugar sweetener was nice (sidenote: on our second visit today, we were asked if we wanted sugar already mixed in, which my husband enthusiastically accepted).

The pastry: We were served a pastry that was still warm and crusty. It was absolutely delicious. Here's where the comparison comes in: while the price point is higher at just a bit over $1 per pastry, it was more than generously filled with guava paste and cream cheese. The ratio was just about perfect, which I cannot often say about the pastries at Porto's. 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=ZfpGGDu42EwzKPPkAnDyNA#ZfpGGDu42EwzKPPkAnDyNA

A quick scan of the cases and menu showed two things: cuban crackers and bread that we'd been missing all this time as well as breakfast served all day. The latter was what brought us back today. 

There are four combos available: 

#1: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), and coffee for about $5

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=X0sEYYhXQ6bCbjH_f1SMRg#X0sEYYhXQ6bCbjH_f1SMRg

#2: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), pastry, and coffee for about $6
#3: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), ham croquette, pastry, and coffee for about $7

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas#24c6bmIEBCafd6T-POQqHA

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=ciUJhawXmWuJhpW8pjXxrw#ciUJhawXmWuJhpW8pjXxrw


#4: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), marinated steak, pastry, and coffee for about $8 

To each combo, you can add ham, sausage, and other items for $1/each .

In addition, there are four omelette selections: western, spanish, veggie, and one other that escapes me. All come with a pastry and coffee. 

I ordered the #1 with fried eggs and added bacon. Now, at $1 extra for the bacon, I expected one or two small slices. What I got was THREE crispy thick slices. The eggs were fried perfectly to my liking. The toast? Well, what's there to complain about when you're given freshly buttered toasted Cuban bread?

My husband ordered the #3 with scrambled eggs and a guava pastry. First, it's clear the eggs used are real and not bagged. Second, my husband was thrilled to find that they're seasoned lightly with Sazon, a popular Latin seasoning blend that we use in his eggs at home. Now, the most important part. My husband loves croquettes but has learned not to expect much from any place that sells them. Today, that changed. He bit into his croquette expecting the usual mediocrity and, instead, his eyes lit up and he looked toward the kitchen said, "Oh my god, MOM? ARE YOU IN THERE?". I took a bite and can attest to the fact that these are the best croquettes I've had from an eatery. 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=XPrpcXPwngzgMdZljGUU0g#XPrpcXPwngzgMdZljGUU0g

All in all, breakfast came to about $13 before tip. We plan to come back for the Cuban pizza and, honestly, for more of everything else.
I will be back! That being said here are the Pros and Cons. 
Pros:The croquettes are awesome, they come with a Cilantro dipping sauce that was wonderful. We shared the flat iron steak with Onions, and a side dish of black beans and rice. The food tasted good, the steak was cooked very well. When we walked in it felt as though we had arrived at a friends house who we hadn't seen for a long time. The experience was wonderful. 

Cons: The steak and bean dishes both needed salt. The steak while well cooked could have used a nice char. It had the texture of a steamed steak with little carmalization. 

I will be back if for nothing more than the croquettes. I cant wait to try more of the dishes.
Suprisingly, the fish was good! I love the white rice, so yummy! I like to go back to try other menus.
I don't know what Cuban food is supposed to taste like, so, for authenticity I'm at a loss. However, I do know what good food tastes like and this food is good. I had the Vaca Frita which is a shredded beef dish served with rice and beans (separate or mixed together, I like it together) and a fried plantain. 

The steak was tender and flavorful. The rice was awesome! I try and stay away from carbs as much as I can so I hated myself for eating every last grain and bean. There is something in there that I can't put my finger on that makes it ridiculous! The plantain was delectable as well.

Not open on Sundays? FAIL
I stopped in to get take out on my way home one afternoon after noticing they had opened. The employees were all very friendly and i liked the fact that the kitchen is open so you can watch how they prepare the food. Everything is made fresh daily. I ended up trying the vaca frita (the shredded tri tip) and though I have never had Cuban food before so I have nothing to compare it too, I thought it was very good. I know my husband and kids will like it when I go back with them next time.
Having never had Cuban cuisine, I have nothing to compare this to but I really liked everything we had here. My hubby and I decided to go after having a case of the fast-food blahs and after having read the positive reviews and feedback. We started with the croquetas and papas rellenas which were both really good and the dipping sauce is amazing. He had the arroz con pollo which satisfied his hunger and he thought was delicious. I had the guava pork sandwich and it was to die for. When we ordered I hadn't noticed the desserts on the menu so when we went to pay and picked up a paper menu, I ordered a strawberry flan to go and it was just perfect. We will definitely be back! Thank you for the new food experience!
Love the specials. Very personal place.
Great Cuban food Great service This is what this town needed
Very good and authentic cuban food and an excellent find...by way of the rave reviews found on Yelp :-) 

I had their chicken salad which didn't come with greens but was pleasantly surprised how wonderfully savory the nicely-seasoned tomatoes and chicken paired with their smooth, light white wine. 

The others very much enjoyed the Fricase de Puerco with tender chunks of pork and potatoes in a tomato-based sauce. And their dishes with flounder were exceptional. We'll be back...thank you for the stellar service and great food :-)
Tonight's dinner was quite the trek, all the way to Casa Grande's Feli's Cuban Kitchen  for a birthday dinner.  It was a decent choice, and for Casa Grande, very good.

The food was all very flavorful.  We had the Ropa Vieja and the Pechuga chicken.  Both dishes were seasoned well, and tasted good.  The beef was moist and the tomato wine sauce was rich and a great compliment to the beef.  The chicken was also moist and well seasoned.  While it tasted fine, I wish it came with maybe peppers on top to go with the chopped onions because it became a little monotonous to eat after a few bites.  The rice and beans on the side were nothing special.  Each dish came with two fried plantains, which were sweet and soft on the inside, and fried very well on the outside.

The service was ok, but weird.  The woman was friendly.  However, she messed up our order.  She insisted that she didn't.  Then, she insisted that what she brought to us in mistake was actually better than we wanted so we should keep it.  Then she went back to insisting that's what we ordered anyway.  The appetizer was more expensive than the one we wanted, there was no effort at all made to rectify the order mess up, and we were pretty much forced to eat what we didn't order (and pay for it).  But she was nice about it, annoyingly so.  I didn't want to argue at a birthday dinner, so I let it go, but she definitely lost some of her tip because of this.  She also tried to convince us into ordering dessert about three times, and she went on and on about it.  It was uncomfortable.  Otherwise, she was on top of the refills mostly.

The atmosphere is boring.  There's nothing in there that says "Cuban" to me besides the obnoxiously loud music playing.  The restaurant itself was very clean, including the bathrooms.

I would go back to Feli's again, but probably for lunch to try the sandwiches.
Best Cuban food in Arizona! Trust me I'm Cuban.
Best restaurant in Casa Grande. Period!!!
Awesome food and great service. Nice family atmosphere. 5 stars for sure :)

I had the Ropa Veija and it was really good!  I notice that they recently added some really yummy deserts to the menu as well!

This is my first Cuban Restraunt that I have had and I really like it.  I have been a few times and the food and level of customer service is really high.
Great food and great staff make this place a real contender for top pick in Casa Grande. I really enjoyed the environment and quality of food. Check these guys out!!
A friend suggested we eat here for lunch. She's from Casa Grande and there didn't appear to be a lot of choices down there, beyond chain restaurants, so I trusted and off we went. I like Cuban food and Feli's seemed like a family & locally owned eating establishment, so I was anxious to see what Arizona could do with Cuban food.

I absolutely enjoyed every morsel of my lunch salad that I could stuff in - it was so big I had to take some of it home with me!  And it was great for dinner later that night.  

Everything on the menu looked as if it should be on a plate in front of me . . . . when a menu is so appetizing I have always wanted to be one of those folks who orders one of everything, sit at a large round table and take a bite or two of each dish. As long as my friends are willing to share and my bank account holds out . . . this is the place I'd like to do that in. The choices were just so amazing sounding to have to limit yourself to just one. 

The service was good, not spectacular, but good. There appeared to only be one server and the place was full at noon. Seating was at a premium.  

There was a big empty space in the middle that could have accommodated a couple of large round tables and leave the sides for small intimate tables for two or four.  

The chef / owner (?) came over when we were well into our meal and chatted about the new salad and the bread choice for the sandwich my friend was quickly devouring. His comments gave me a feeling of a smart business owner - listen to your customers. 

Will I go back?  You bet! The next time I'm in Casa Grande . . . . or I might just make a trip down there just to eat at Feli's Cuban Kitchen.  Perhaps for dinner next time?  Hey, Karen, want to go to Casa Grande?
We finally tried Casa Grande's only Cuban restaurant.  Overall, it was really great.  The food was fresh and really tasted homemade!  The service was good - very friendly.  I would choose this place over the chain restaurants any day of the week.  We'll be back!  I wish Casa Grande had more places like this!
I am very disappointed that more cuban dishes are not offered.  I can never get a cuban sandwich, either it's too late or it's not served on that specific day.  They do not offer the cafe con leche, which is notorious in cuban restaurants.  When I asked for the cafe con leche the waitress offered to bring me some coffe and milk to make my own.  Lady, there is a reason why I went to the restaurant in the first place.  The mojitos were not good.  But since this is Casa Grande and that is the only cuban restaurant, what choice does one have besides to travel to Scottsdale or Chandler.  Other than bad service-the cook does a fine job on the few dishes that are offered.
The food is truly delicious and the service is great also.  A fantastic new restaurant in Casa Grande.
OMG!! Finally!! An authentic Cuban restaurant! You would think you were in the heart of Little Havana in Miami!! Living in the Phoenix/Ahwatukee area, my husband who is Cuban, and I found the 40 minute trip to Casa Grande very worthwhile. We were welcomed with smiling faces by the staff and owner/chef , and were impressed by the modest ambiance and cleanliness of the establishment.  The menu favored all the comfort foods introduced to me by my husband's relatives. The warm fragrances of saffron, oregano, garlic permeated as our dishes came to our table. Generous portions, reasonably priced. If you are Cuban or have never been introduced to Cuban food you MUST visit Feli's Cuban Kitchen. See you there!
Feli's is good fresh food.  The chef doesn't use anything that comes out of a can and makes all the food fresh every day. If you haven't tried Cuban- do so immediately. This is comfort food at its best. I love the vaca frita (fried roast beef) and the lomo asado (pork loin). Nothing spicy, just savory goodness.
Great LOCAL food in an area awash with average mediocre chain restaurants.

* Ambiance - while in a strip mall, they attempted to dress it up with simple black & red fabrics and colors

* Service - very homey, helpful and pleasant.  Met the owner and had a great conversation with him.

* Cocktails - basic, but very good & reasonably priced
 - Mojito: good balance of fresh mint, sugar & rum - $6.5 
 - Cuban Daiquiri: Served in martini glass.  A bit tart, but refreshing - $6

* Food - Great home-cooked flavors:
 - Chicken & Rice served in a large bowl with wonderful saffron spice
 - Pan Fried Chicken that was tender & flavorful. 
 - Vaca Frita: great shredded beef & onions
 - Garlic Flounder was tender and tasty
 - Plantains were great too

We'll definitely be coming back and encourage others to try it out too!
To say the food is delicious is to say the Mona Lisa is a pretty painting..an understatement! Every time we go in they seem to elevate the food and drinks. My steak was cooked to perfection! It was so tender and the herb sauce outstanding. The Cuban daiquiri only seemed to enhance the flavor.  My husband had the pineapple mango fish that would make a fish lover out of the staunchest fish evader. The flavors were light and amazing. Only complaint was service. Hire a veteran server to teach the young. Staff . They will need to as I only see more patrons coming their way!
A surprise find in otherwise depressing Casa Grande. Second time eating here. Good cubano sandwich, not the best, but good. Had their Ropa Vieja dish the last time which was great.
Very  good food and great service!
I've traveled the world refining my palate for Cuban ropa vieja (shredded beef in savory wine sauce), and use this dish as a basis for comparison to find good Cuban food - like pad thai at Thai or palak paneer for Indian. I digress...

The ropa vieja at Feli's holds up - delicious, stewy, with the right amount of tang, to make your tastebuds sing like Ricky Ricardo. The food here, in all seriousness, was delightful. The ambience was lacking - didn't feel at all authentically Cuban, but the service was great, and the food is what you go for. Feli's is the only Cuban joint within 100 miles, and it represents well.
So, we have a picky daughter... it's always a challenge to find food for her when we go out. Chef at Feli's was gracious, and wonderful when he came out to talk to Kait, and figure out what to make for her. He was kind and persuasive, and promised whatever he made for her, she would like. She did eat her dinner, and did it with little to no coaxing. 

The food was really good, we've been missing good food since leaving Portland, and would make the trip up here to Feli's again in a heartbeat. What made our experience was the care that the staff and Chef took in addressing us, and working with us. Thank you, and we'll see you again soon.
As a family with four young children we are hesitant to try new places, but we are so glad we did.  The kids tried all three of the kids plates and loved them all (so did I).  My husband and I each tried a different type of fish and it was delicious.  The staff and especially our waitress were great.  My only complaint would be that they only had one high chair, but they had a booster seat which worked fine for us..
What a wonderful, wonderful place! I must confess when I ate there for the first time, I had absolutely no idea what Cuban food even was. BIG TIME FLAVORS in their dishes together with the prompt service of the wait staff & the warm friendly personality of the owner Pedro, makes this one of the best places to eat in Casa Grande. I can't wait until they reopen at their new location!
One of my favorite restaurants. I usually go with my Cuban friend and she says it is very authentic. My favorite entrée is the Vaca Frita, the flavor is amazing and the meat is extremely lean. They are now in downtown Casa Grande on 2nd St. I like the new building better, They have more wait staff and a bar. The owner usually will come out and ask how everything tasted. 
My only complaint is I love Cuban sandwiches and they only serve them at limited times. I have yet to try one here because I am never there when they have them. It would be nice if they had them available all the time.
We've been wanting to go for a while...so our first time was yesterday (9.4.2011) It was totally dead and there were no reviews on yelp, but we thought we'd take a chance. The food was really good, service was excellent. We were sitting next to a speaker and the music was kinda loud. But it was a nice change from the norm. I couldn't stop moving in my seat because the music was pretty catch-y The place looks like a dance hall more that a restaurant, but still nice. The staff was saying that the place gets crazy on the weekend, lots of dancing! 10pm to 4am sometimes. We'll defiantly go back.
The curtains are held up by PVC piping that should say it all.    I went there for lunch - place was 10 percent occupied and still took 1 hour for food to come.   On top of that food was piss poor - I ordered the pork dish - tasted and looked like old frozen pork that was nuked.   Never going back
Great authentic Cuban food lovingly prepared by the two young owners.  Wonderful service and a terrific menu.  It's a storefront cafe, so don't expect white linens and candlelight.  Do expect very good homestyle Cuban cooking and the best mojito you could ask for.
went by here today - 11/2/12 and the place is closed.
This little restaurant is a gem of a find! There might just be a bit of confusion about the name, because the signage in front says "Bisteces", with "Cuban Bakery & Restaurant" appended to it, while their business card (and facebook page) says "Cuban Foods Bakery & Restaurant." 

 I had lunch here with Rand H., Mike C., Scott W., and Jose C. and it was a really enjoyable gathering. Our hostess was so friendly and gracious, and the food was great! We shared some delectable croquetas for appetizers and I ordered my favorite ropa vieja - it was such a savory delight. It came with a side of moros y cristianos - black beans and rice, made even more flavorful with pork cubes (sorry, vegans). I'll let my other friends tell you of their orders in their reviews, but this restaurant is certainly one to return to often - and I will, because it is so near where I live, and the prices are really good.
Yes, as Norm R. said this unassuming little place is lots of fun!  We UYE'd  together here for lunch today, joined also by José C., Mike C., and Scott W.

Now José is from Cuba, & so was my dad, so we each have some familiarity with Cuban cooking, but many of the dishes here were new to me.  You get a slight description of things on the restaurant menu, but the more important thing to know is that the food here is great & whatever you order you will probably like!  We chose all different dishes & everyone in our group enjoyed their lunch!

We all started with a shared tasty appetizer, Croquetas, and then for me it was on to the Lechón Asado ($8.49), which is pork roast with a bit of gravy & cooked onion strings.  It came with a small side salad & a big serving of really good rice with black beans.  (Yes, you want THIS rice, not white rice...  It's good, trust me!).  Awesome desserts await too, if you have room (or take home for later), & they're inexpensive!

I can't wait to get back here & bite my way through more of the many surprises on the menu, so "Cuban Foods" here (the actual name of the place) gets 5 Stars from here too!     :-))
Enjoyed lunch here with Rand, Norm, Mike and Jose.  My grilled fish came out perfect.  I really enjoyed my black beans and rice but was surprised it had some bits of pork in it, vegetarians beware.  There is a white rice option.  Service was great and friendly.  We had 5 different dishes and everybody liked them so it would seem you could throw a dart at the menu and like whatever it landed on.
Nope. And it's 100% because of the service. There's maybe 12 tables in the place, yet we were somehow invisible. A glass with one melting ice cube sat in front of me for 10 minutes before the kid remembered to open the cooler and bring me my can of soda. The food was just okay - the pork was a generous serving but overcooked. Perhaps that's why it took so long (20 min), even though no other dishes were coming out of the kitchen. I had to ask for silverware twice, and no water refills.
The kicker was at the end. I wanted to buy 4 pastries and the server acknowledged. 10 minutes later, a dude walks in and buys all the pastries in one go. When I (finally) got the check and asked about the pastries, she says "Sorry, we're sold out." W...T...F.
If you have nowhere to be for a few hours, angelic levels of patience and aren't concerned with flavor, this might be a place to check out.
Two stars because the order was accurate and I believe the kitchen is doing their best.
The best little Cuban restaurant on this side of town with great prices!!  finally a place that reminds me of home (Miami, FL)
The food is very good for Cuban in Phoenix - I've yet to find better in the valley. Having lived in FL and eaten in Miami many times I'm biased to that region but this is by no way a dig against this restaurant.

I've been here 3x so far and this is how each meal went;

1) ropa vieja w/ arroz congri (shredded beef and rice mixed with beans)
- the ropa was fantastic, good portion, moist and very flavorful. The arroz congri was a little dry but not too bad, especially when mixed w/ the ropa. Next time I order this it will be w/ white rice and beans (see #3)

2) media noche w/a side of tostones
- great great great sandwich! Pressed perfectly, great portions of fillings, a good sized sandwich overall. A must eat. Tostones... any Hispanic restaurant worth it's adobo should be able to make them and theirs are just fine. :)

3) masitas de puerco fritas (fried pork pieces) w/ white rice and black beans 
- w..t...f... Happened, this meal is supposed to be super delicious and easy to make. The pork was dry, overcooked (its almost like they just dumped the chunks of pork in a deep fryer and killed em). The chunks of pork were also very fatty :( highly disappointed. Then... The rice and beans.. delicious black beans in sauce!! Perfect when mixed with the white rice. From now on any dinner I order :: white rice and black beans, STAT!!

I will def go back even though the 3rd visit was mostly a bust... now that I've tried a few things I know what's on point and what to stay away from.  Things happen, you can't expect perfection -every- time from a little spot like this. :)

Buen provecho!
Very good hole-in-the-wall Cuban food! Went with some coworkers for lunch and we all tried different things. I got the stuffed fried green plantains with ham and cheese - excellent. A friend got the potato balls with beef inside - excellent. Another friend got the sweet plantains (always a great choice). Be aware that if you order "just water" that means you're buying a bottle of water. It's $.99. I'd recommend this place for sure.
Have called repeatedly to see if they are open, not only do they not even answer the phone they don't even have a voice mail stating it's the restaurant. I suspect the "business" phone number is a person's voice mail.
Vinimos de vacaciones a Las Vegas desde Los Angeles y de casualidad nos encontramos esta comida cubana riquisima, hecha al carbon, mi esposa ordeno bistec de lomo de cerdo encebollado con sus respectivos tostones, yo ordene bistec Ribeye con arroz moros y platanos maduros.  Tambien de postre budin con coco al lado. Riquisimo se los recomiendo, ya estaba cansado de los famosos buffet.
if you insist on eating here, call ahead and get the food to go.  don't waste your time thinking you'll get decent service.  the food is okay at best, but the service is the worst.  the waitress looked like she just got off work at the vu and thinks that she doesn't have to work very hard, cuz she assumed everyone would just throw tips at her cuz she is just so totally hot (in her own head).  she totally messed up our order, and refused to speak to us in english.  then didn't even apologize for the mistake, but avoided eye contact and gave off major attitude.  while my tables drinks sat empty, she sat at the bar and looked like she was thoroughly enjoying all the attention she got from the male staff.   there were only two other tables with people in this place, and it pretty much explained why this place is dead.  i'm pretty sure the other tables waited just as long for their food to come out too.  

i honestly feel bad that the owners of this place felt like they had no other options but to hire the employees they have.
The first time we went, food was good. They do need to better the service. Waitress/Servers need to be more enthusiastic and say hi to customers as they come in and not leave you unattended for a long period of time, which happened on our first visit. We mentioned the place to our friends and we decided to go again (second time in a week) and this time we were dissapointed and even ashamed we had mentioned the place to our friends. Service again from servers was bad, again they need to say hi to customers and not leave them unattended. They didn't have some of the food in the menu available. The server messed up our entire order and we had to wait longer. All in all some of the food is good, other not so good and they need better service and to have food in the menu available, if you cannot have it available, why advertise it??? Get the food and get your servers to be more proactive and take better notes of the orders.
Great service, great food. Reminds me of my family and the closet thing to my Cuban family's cooking. Best Cuban Sandwich in town! Make sure you get some of their great Cuban coffee to give you a real kick. Prices are a real plus with this homely Cuban cafe. I highly recommend!!
My husband and I enjoyed a fabulous evening at Cafe El Mundo Cubano. The food and service were excellent, with our server always checking on us to make sure everything was good.  We were there on a Tuesday evening and were pleasantly surprised to listen to fantastic live cuban music!  We also found out they have live music there almost everyday of the week.  We will definitely go back, as their prices were extremely reasonable.  They also have an outside patio.
This is a great place. The food was spectacular,  the flavors of each dish were abundantly rich and savory. The portions were perfect and the pricing was adequate. I can't get over the flavors of each dish... I cannot wait to get back here and enjoy a night of Cuban fun and excitement.
Great entertainment with live Cuban music. The food is delicious and the service very friendly.
The food is delicious!!! The arroz con pollo/chicken with rice and the Cuban sandwich are some of the best I have ever had. Plus the service here is friendly and so it's the atmosphere!!! Great musicians!!!
Sadly, I was starving that I forgot to take a picture of the food! I ordered the croquetas and tamales. Both for $5. I also ordered congri on the side which is $3. The food is way over priced for the small portion they serve. There's not a lot of options on the menu either.
The food all together? Including my mother in laws and my husbands food; it taste like something that my mother in law can make at home but a lot better. Moving on to customer service? My husband dropped his fork and the owners wife immediately gave him new utensils. So that was a plus... There are a few tables and chairs outside if you feel like eating out in the sun or at night. This place is eh, not all that great. It's not a place i would ever come back to.
Went for lunch. My experience:

-Ordered maduros. Waiter came back a little while later to say they didn't have any.
-Waiter gave my boyfriend the wrong food, then got it and gave it to somebody at another table when he realized it.
-My steak sandwich had one strip of meat, covering about half the bread. Tasted pretty much like I was just eating toasted bread. For $10.
-Lukewarm fries on the side. 
-Asked the waiter if they had cortaditos (a sweetened espresso). He didn't know, checked with somebody else, said we actually meant something completely different, which couldn't be made till the bartender came in at 2.
A good friend of mine and Elite Yelper once told me that he doesn't review a place until the second visit, assuming the place earns a repeat visit that is. I usually do the same but I'm thinking this place is so good I'll review now. 

THE DIGS: Its nestled in a shopping strip across the street from the Mini dealership to the east of the Carmax on W. Sahara. and can be hard to miss easily. We actually ran into trying to use the parking lot to make a u-turn. It's a very clean a airy place. Much cleaner than could be expected for a restaurant in that shopping strip. As soon as you walk in the atmosphere is festive with authentic Cuban and tropical music playing. They have a small stage toward the back and it looks like at night they move some tables and make way for a dance floor which I thought was pretty cool. The bathrooms are very clean and looked like they're serviced frequently. 

THE SERVICE: The host was very welcoming and attentive. He provided just the right amount of attention to all patrons and was fair and equal in treatment with everyone. He was friendly and helpful, professional  and moved with a purpose. He wore authentic Cuban attire and you can tell it's how he dresses daily. The food came out fast and it was still nice and hot.

THE FOOD: Excellent, authentic, delicious, hot, well seasoned, well presented. Very tasty. The servings are perfect and price is right. 

The only reason for the 4 stars is well, there's always room for improvement. In this restaurants case, it's the location and the layout/set up of the establishment itself. The seating seems to be a bit limited, but as good as this place is I don't think it will get packed because not too many people know about it.
Since moving to Vegas, my wife and I have been going through some serious Cuban sandwich withdrawal. Finally, we found this place and decided to go in for lunch. The place is small, but nice, well-decorated and clean, with a full bar and a small stage for live music. The guy who waited on us (and I believe, cooked our food) was very friendly and welcoming. And our sandwiches were excellent, exactly what we were craving! So far, so good, right? Indeed. 4 stars, in fact. I'm taking that 4th star back, though, because of the fact that they only allow you to have fries as a side. The rice and beans have always been a huge draw for my wife (and many other people) at other Cuban restaurants, and was what she wanted for her sides, but they wouldn't allow it. We offered to pay the difference, but when he told us it would be $6 extra, even without the fries, she decided against it. That would be $16 (pre tax & tip) for a sandwich, some rice and beans (no drink). That may not be outrageous, but it is definitely too damn much, no matter how good the sandwich may have been. In fact, as odd as it sounds, you can only get rice & beans one of two ways: order one of their 6 or 7 entrees (not sandwiches) or pay the additional $6. I don't understand why a Cuban restaurant would want to make a major Cuban staple so difficult for customers to eat. It's like a southern restaurant trying to charge almost double to get mashed potatoes with your meatloaf. It just doesn't make any sense to me. So, that being said, their sandwiches are really, really good, but their not-very-customer-friendly policies will probably keep us away most of the time.
Went here since I had bought their groupon. I ordered the ham croquettes, the cuban tamale, and the cuban sandwich.

I had to send the croquettes back since they were still frozen in the middle. The initial order that came out had 5 on the plate. When the server came back, there was only 4 on the plate, with some of the filling coming out, like a over cooked mozzarella stick. So I guess they just re-fried the same order that I sent back.

The cuban sandwich was mediocre at best. I chewed through so much bread compared to the amount of roast pork and ham on it. Even though I don't know for certain, I can only assume the pork wasn't made that day by the way it looked and tasted. It was priced at 10 bucks, and was comparable to a school lunch sandwich a parent would make, in terms of size. Barely any cheese, with the most flavorful part of it being the mustard that was on it. Nothing special like spicy mustard, grainy mustard, or even grey poupon. Just regular yellow mustard. 

The only redeemable part of what I ordered was the tamale, but only marginally. While it was actually tasty, there was a lot of the masa compared to only two pieces of what I was to assume were pork. For whatever reason, there were pork rinds on top.

Overall, the food tasted as if a non-cuban person attempted to make cuban food for the first time. Nothing that stood out enough to make me want to come back without a groupon. If it wasn't for the groupon, I would have felt like I didn't get my money's worth.

I would recommend to pass on this place unless you have some type of coupon/groupon/sale/deal.
Overpriced food. This will be the last time I pay $13 for a 2 ounce steak. The black beans were really really good though...but served in a 6 ounce cup. 
They charged me $3.00 for a Dr. Pepper which was in a bottle so no refills. 
The food was flavorful just overpriced for what you are given. Rincon Criollo is a far more better place priced right and very good food!

I noticed I had a different menu from the ones seated next to me mine seemed limited after seeing theirs so look around
Bland fish, bland rice. Nothing was terrible but nothing to write home about either. I posted a new photo of the menu because the one I looked at on Yelp was out of date.
I'm from NY and very used to different kinds of Latin foods being available. Now that I'm in Vegas I am learning that most Latin foods are Mexican, Tex-Mex or Mex-Asian fusion. I love nachos as much as the next person but I have been dying for some good Island food! Cafe El Mundo Cubano is now our go to spot for Cuban cuisine! 

We visited on a Sunday evening so it wasn't very busy. The atmosphere is casual, kinda like you're sitting in a good friends living room. There are chairs and small tables outsiide as well for Al Fresco Dining. Our server was very nice and attentive making sure we had water and checking in on us often. 

The menu is small with just a few well picked choices for your meal. For our appetizers we chose the Tostones and Fried Yucca. The Yucca was especially good and crispy. Both came with garlic dipping sauce, Yum! For our entrees we shared Ropa Vieja with Congris and white rice with frijoles (black beans) and Palomilla steak. The Ropa Vieja was to die for and the steak was so tender you could cut it with a butter knife. The white rice and frijoles were much better than the Congris; there was just something missing in the flavor. The only thing missing from our meal was a slice of avocado! There were only two choices for dessert; a slice of guava and flan. We had the flan and it was good but not great. The caramel sauce tasted as if it had come from a bottle not home made. 

All in all it was a good meal with good food and we will definitely visit again. Our server mentioned live bands on the weekends and we want to see what that's all about :-)
This place is awesome wonderful atmosphere great customer service and the food is to die for I'm so happy Antonio has open this wonderful Cuban restaurant delicious
If I could give this place more stars I would. The food, the live music, the service, and the cafe con leche went beyond my expectations. It is a very small restaurant which gives it a homey feeling for the ambiance. The waiter we had was the nicest person. My party and I ordered a palomilla, plantain bananas, steak sandwich, and a cafe con leche. I have tasted authentic homemade Cuban food in the past from families and restaurants, and Cafe Cubano makes some of the most authentic and flavorful Cuban food I've tried. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for specialty food at an affordable price. I will return to this restaurant for as long as I live here. Higly recommend.
Loved the Ricardo sandwich which features multiple pork products and other good things. Their menu could use a few more descriptive bits about what's actually in the sandwich, but it's super tasty. Tried the potato and meat croquetas, liked the potato one more. Word on the street is that the churro has been tweaked. Go for the sandwich. I'm really interested in what the breakfast version is like. Bonus points for half off taps during Friday night happy hour and lots of lovely ladies dancing for our baby to Tony Castaneda.
I went here with 2 friends for a late lunch. I am gluten-intolerant, so the menu is kind of limited. I would've gotten the gaspacho, but they mix bread crumbs in it. I got the ceviche, which was really good. However, it was $9 for a tiny dish of it and a giant plate of greasy chips. I think it would have been nice to serve it with a small salad or rice. Again, the ceviche was good, but not worth $9 +tax/tip.
What do you get when you convert an old closet to a latin inspired walk-up kitchen?  Heavenly goodness.  Use the window at the sidewalk or step inside the Cardinal and order at the kitchen window.  Either way, the outcome will be tremendous.  After burning some calories "Riding the Drive" (where they close certain Madison streets to all car traffic and open it up to bicyclists and pedestrians), we thought we should replace (and add more) calories by stopping in.  The staff is super friendly and when we heard how they baked My girlfriend and I ordered the appetizer sampler along with the chicken sandwich-the dirty bird.  The appetizer sampler is a great value if you wish to try a few things on their menu.  For just over $11, you get an offering of ceviche, freshly made guacamole, chips and two croquettes of two kinds-potato and meat served with a side of delicious aioli.   The ceviche was nicely prepared-you could taste the freshness of the fish balanced by the acidity of the citrus it has been marinated in.  The guacamole also was well done although scooping it out in the narrow serving dish was a tad difficult.  I think the croquettes, however, stole the show.  Biting through the brown crispy shell allows you access to the warm, soft potatoey gooey-ness on the inside.  Dipping them into the aioli was a decadent treat.  The Dirty Bird sandwich is also noteworthy.  Served on a cuban roll baked that morning, it is an exciting blend of shredded and marinated chicken, chipotle, jicama, roasted corn, sweet potato, and cilantro with a harisa aoili dressing.  It is something I could eat every week and never get bored of.
Since the kitchen is located within the Cardinal, there isn't any dedicated seating per-se.  Rather, have a seat wherever you like in (or at) the bar and they will bring the food out to you.  Since I was already over-caffeinated up from an earlier stop, I did not try any of their coffee offerings but if they are even half as good as their food, I will be a big fan.  And with it being open until 3 am on the weekend, I may also be a frequent fan as the food would go well with a few cocktails consumed beforehand.
A great find!
Oooooolé!

I don't dabble in The Cardinal Bar very often but now that Cafe Cortadito has opened up shop there (in what apparently used to be the bar's old coat closet), I'll be a regular. From their small space, they dish out delightful meals with a Spanish flair. After a bit of bike riding, my fella and I treated ourselves to their Appetizer Sampler Platter and split The Dirty Bird sandwich.

The sampler offered smaller portions of their guacamole and chips, house cured olives, ceviche, croquetas papas and meat croquetas. The croquetas papas were melt-in-your-mouth-and-then-take-a-nap delicious and the ceviche had a light, fresh taste. I'm an olives girl so their house cured ones took the cake for me - a little spice, a lot of salt, a happy Katie. For $11.95, I'd say this was a pretty solid deal considering an order of the ceviche is $8.95 on its own. Share the platter with more than two people though and you might just jeopardize some friendships. You've been warned.

The Dirty Bird consisted of chipotle poached chicken thigh with roasted corn, sweet potato, jicama and cilantro slaw all on house-baked bread. Yes. Oh yes. It was a little sweet, spicy and all kinds of nice. Go.there.now.
Overview: The place is in an old coat closet, so don't expect the world.

Hits: Happy staff and interestingly reused space.  

Misses: Everything else. 

Bottom line: Give it a try and maybe you'll have better luck.  I gave it three tries and struck out.
Traveled to Cuba this morning and had a Cortadito.  Great atmoshpere.  Service was a bit slow for my coffee, but the staff was working really hard.  Definitely going to hit this place up again.
Living in a mid-sized American city doesn't prevent Madison foodies from enjoying culinary delights from around the world. The ethnic diversity of the restaurant choices here equals or trumps that of many larger cities. Caribbean food is no exception, but Cuba has been underrepresented until recently. While we will not anytime soon find ourselves alternating breaths of salty, tropical seaside air and Monte Cristos, we are fortunate to settle for sipping cafe Cubanos and munching on croquettes while overlooking Lake Monona from the Cardinal Bar. 

Carved into the former coat check area of this nightclub long known for its tropical tunes and dancing -- the music doesn't stop during Sunday brunch -- Cortadito Express offers a modest menu of Cuban choices. I ordered the Dirty Bird sandwich over my typical favorite, the Cubano. The pulled chicken was roasted to perfection, with the slaw providing a sweet, crunchy contrast and the spicy mayo completing a trifecta of textures and flavors. The bread was fresh and toasted just right. The meat croquettes are somehow crispy, yet they melt in your mouth with their cheesy potato filling.

I had a bite of my wife's Cuban sandwich. The pork was seasoned just right with a perfect amount of yellow mustard on the same well-toasted bread. I'll order it next time but will skip the side baguette, which unlike the sandwich bread was dry and didn't seem fresh. I also look forward to trying the brunch versions of both sammies, which add an egg to them. 

Definitely a must if you're in a tropical mood. It hit the spot on this muggy day.
We stopped at the outside window after the Badger game. We shared the Ricardo sandwich, like a Cuban. It was wonderful. The smoked ham was great. We also had an order of the veggie empanadas, also excellent as were the potato croquetas. Nice and creamy inside. Both were served with a wonderful spicy sauce.  Service was really pleasant! It's a wonderful addition to our neighborhood!
Great food ! Excellent service :). Loved the avocado & tomato salad :)
By far the tastiest restaurant in Casa Grande, highly recommend the food, service, and atmosphere!
Ate here while on a road trip with my cuban father... Loved it. Staff was friendly and Laid back, food tasted home made.

We ordered a bunch of apps and the fricase de puerco. Recommend the potato meatballs, plantain chips, and the pork fricase dish. 

Highlights include the garlic sauce that comes with the chips and the quality of the pork... Both were absolutely outstanding'
After trying to get here twice before to find them closed - Sundays and Mondays, we almost gave up. Now very glad we did not. Just ate there, and besides excellent home-made Cuban food, the Mom and Son chef combo, and their staff made you feel like you were a welcome guest in their home. The restaurant is in a small historic building that used to be home to the local newspaper, and we were a bit worried at first because it looked very small. Very pleasantly surprised, and stopping there again this coming weekend. If you are into Cuban food, this is a must stop on your trip.
Hands down my favorite place in town!

- Family owned
Mama cooking her recipes in the kitchen.
Pedro, the owner, was very nice and accomodating.

- Awesome tasting food
Tomato avocado salad,  arros con pollo, fried yucca, lomo asado, shrimp fried rice, maduro

- friendly and earnest service
Don't expect polished, premier table service.   But its sincere and well intentioned.   Like if your cousins were serving you during a family get together. 

- They apparently have live music on Fridays and Saturdays
Excellent food and service. I used to live in south Florida and really missed great Cuban food. We had chicharritas, lomo  asada, and arroz chin leche.
Went here with the family as we passed through town. The food was absolutely amazing. If you are on the 10 PLEASE STOP HERE!! Family got Pedro's shrimp, the pork, Cuban Sandwich, one of the appetizers (forgot which one). I can't even begin to describe how delicious this food was. The shrimp came with some sort of topping of onions, capers and garlic. Just incredible! However warning: food is cooked to order so prepare for some wait time.
If you go to a restaurant expecting great food than this is your place.  The food is fantastic.  I mean superb!  If it were in L.A., New York or San Francisco you would have to wait weeks for a reservation.  The Ropa Vieja portion was quite large but I kept eating even after I was full because it tasted so good.  The yuca was the best I have ever had .... Even in Havana!  Do yourself a savory favor and have a meal here.
The best restaurant in CG bar none
We stopped in here mainly because we had a discount coupon and also because of great reviews.

We came in for an early dinner, sat down and started perusing the menu.  This was our first visit to a Cuban restaurant, so we were busy reading every description.

A few moments later a gentleman came out and introduced himself as Pedro, the owner and sous chef.  Mama Feli, being the head chef.

He asked if we had any questions, well yes, we did.  He sat down and explained not only what was in every thing on the menu but how it was prepared.  That actually made our decision even harder, everything sounded wonderful.

We decided on the tomato and avocado salad, which we had read was amazing in reviews, Ropa Vieja, and Fricase de Puerco both with Congi.

It was by far one of the best restaurant meals we have ever had, and very affordable, even without the coupon.  Everything was delicious and the servings were very generous.  I could easily have eaten the whole thing, it was that good.  I did manage to save some to take home and then had some dessert.

We are only in the area for two weeks and unfortunately we are leaving tomorrow.  We both wish we had found this restaurant at the beginning of our stay, so we could have come again.

We will definitely be back when we are in the Casa Grande, Phoenix, Tucson area.  Driving an hour for a meal like this would be very feasible.
This is a great place!  It is in a new location,  but the same great food. They moved in August.  Love the music too. Live band!
Based on reviews, met some friends at Feli's as it is about half way between Scottsdale and Tucson. Have to say, it was really excellent. I had the tomato, avocado and grilled chicken salad-delicious, fresh, and would definitely recommend. Cuban coffee was also really good. Kind of "iffy" area (based on the homeless guy sleeping on the front porch area when we got there-told to "wake up and move on" by the management), but nice, clean inside and their own parking lot right outside is nice. One recommendation to the management: have a sign to silence cell phones inside; several times during lunch, obnoxiously loud ringtones interrupted what was an otherwise nice ambience.
I saw the great reviews and decided to give it a try the special.  Excellent!  The waitress was super nice. The food came out quickly. I will be back. SOON!
We stop in Casa Grande just to eat here. The food is awesome, especially if you like garlic. Today I had the flounder, which was perfect. My wife had pork and asked for extra sautéed garlic. The brought her a small bowl, which she loved. Don't miss the mixed salad, tomatoes, avocados, and grilled onions. GREAT!
Let me start out by saying that I really, really, really wanted to like this place. I am in favor of eating at non - chain restaurants and supporting locally owned places (that's why I LOVE Yelp). I read all of the reviews and was super impressed, as anybody would have been.
Now for the reality of it.  First off, we were the only people there, my gf and I. That didn't bother me because we were there for an early dinner.  The service was great but painstakingly slow.  The owner was super accommodating and even opened bottles of wine and let us try them before we ordered one we liked.
The food:  We ordered the appetizer that had the potato and meat rolled into a log and deep fried,  about the size of a long spring roll (I can't remember the name).  It really didn't taste like much and it could of had any meat in it and I wouldn't have noticed a difference.  The avocado dipping sauce was the best part.  We had the 10 and 13 (I think) I had the shredded tri - tip with the congri.  Over all it was good.  My gf had the cuban version of a chicken fried steak. It was very tough and there was a huge piece of unedible cartlidge running through the middle of it.  Without the chimi-churi sauce ($2.00 for about 2 tablespoons worth) it would have been very bland.  My mojito was great.  The plantans that came with both meals were sickingly sweet.  The owner disappeared toward the end of the meal and I had to chase down the girl that took over to get our check.
Bottom line is I wouldn't recommend this place and really don't think we will go back.
I tried to stretch this into a 4 or 5 star rating but couldn't.
Great Stewed Tri-tip and hubby has special if the day. Beer is cold on tap.Tthis is located in old town Casa Grande. Restaurant is very clean bid go back in a heartbeat and will the next time we are driving from California to Texas try this place, you won't be sorry.
Delicious! We were randomly in the area and were looking at different restaurants on Yelp. We were considering another place but my friend's boyfriend was adamant we come here. I'm glad we did because I thought it was SO delicious. We shared an appetizer (some beautiful round mashed potato balls stuffed with a diced meat, that you could dip into an avocado sauce). WOWOWOW. I had some chicken of sorts with plantains (good). My friend had a delectable flounder entree (which was surprisingly super duper delicious). Next time I'd definitely get that fish dish!
The mojito was fresh and delicious, hubs had the Viejo Rojas and I had the Cuban sandwich both were delicious and the fried plantains were awesome.  Service was friendly and quick.  Thoroughly enjoyed our meal!
The food is very good!  I had the Cuban version of chicken fried streak and it was amazing!
My dad and I were looking for a new spot to go to dinner, and this place was phenomenal! It was pretty quiet on a Thursday night, but it was clean and personal and the food was to DIE for. Family recipes with an incredible amount of flavor and variety. 
I've always wanted a thriving downtown CG, and restaurants like this are the way to make that happen! 
Make sure to support this local delight -- start with the Tostones and take your pick of the entrees! The congri is delicious as well.
Amazing food!  Don't pass up on this place for lunch or dinner, the food is phenomenal!!