I was looking to have something different from the typical Strip offerings - this was close to my hotel so I decided to give it a try.

It's about a five minute walk from the corner of Convention Center Drive and S. Las Vegas Blvd., in a rundown strip mall near the Riveria casino.

Based on a suggestion I found on the web about the restaurant, I didn't bother looking at the menu and just ordered the Veggie Combo. It took a bit of time to get my entree after I put the order in - the waitress was by herself, so I was a little more forgiving - plus I was looking forward to having some Ethiopian food.

The combo came with a generous portion of injera to eat with - the food was typical ehtiopian, and I don't mean that in a bad way. It was good and really hit the spot. The stews were delicious!

I recommend this place for vegetarians looking for something different near the strip.
this place is popular for locals, particularly ethnic locals. 
the food is quite authentic from what i understand. i've had many Ethiopian restaurant experiences and this place isn't the BEST but very far from the worst. 
the food is more like home cooking style and very cheap. i've been a patron for over 5 years. the best about the place is the quiet-cozy-dark atmosphere and late night hours and healthy ingredients. the staff is incredible friendly and accommodating for vegetarian and vegan diets. 
i highly recommend this place for casual first dates :)
Excellent! This is where we go with friends once a month or so. The Veggitarian platter is out of this world! with the fish fillets (#12) it is enough for two people. The staff is very friendly and attentive. We are so glad we found this place.
This was a great find while attending a conference on the strip.  It's cheap, flavorful and vegetarian friendly - basically the opposite of everything else within a few block radius.  My fellow conference attendees really overwhelmed them at dinner and the service suffered a bit but I'm sure they are better on most nights.
Fourth Ethiopian restaurant in a month - I think I can safely say I've had a good share of what Vegas Ethiopian food tastes like.

Meskerem Ethiopian Restaurant is the most lighted of the four we have visited thus far.  They actually have natural light shining in, which makes the restaurant feel less like a club or disco.

On a Friday night, there was only one diner before our party of three showed up.  By the time we left, one couple (non-Ethiopian) and one other diner (Ethiopian) arrived.

Starting off with what we know best and love is:
* #3. Kitfo "Chopped lean beef seasoned with butter and mitmita.  Served with injera and ayb (cottage cheese), prepared to desire: raw, labilb - medium or well done." ($9) - We ordered this raw, of course.  (And I'm really learning that it's a surprise for the waitress when we say we want raw because I guess they aren't used to hearing us non-Ethiopians wanting it raw.)  It was a generous portion that she poured out on three sections of the injera bread.  It was my favorite out of everything else we ate.

* #5. Yebeg Alicha "Mild lamb stew, delicately seasoned and cooked with spiced garlic, ginger and other house spices." ($9) - We went for a meat stew this time, and chose this one because it was 'wetter' per the waitress.  It came with two chunks of lamb, more like goat, and a few other pieces.  It was a bit gamey-tasting and wasn't my particular favorite.  The Husband said he probably wouldn't order it again because it wasn't that special.

* #11. Yetsom Migb "Vegetarian combination with fish and split lentil." ($9)  On the menu, it's a misprint, so there's really no fish in this veggie combo.  What is included is the salad, red lentils, green lentils, yellow beans, steamed potatoes, cabbage and carrots, and collared greens.  I was a bit disappointed because usually we love the lentils and the spices they use in it.  This time it lacked a little something.  It was okay, but we actually had leftovers for once.  It didn't have the same explosion of flavors like the other Ethiopian restaurants we've been to.

Service was okay, as there was only one waitress when we first arrived.  She was very sweet, although a bit over-efficient with wiping down our table and taking our water glasses before we left the table.  We did try to inquire about any Ethiopian coffee since we saw the cups laid out near the TV, but the waitress pointed to the coffee maker they had behind the bar. We didn't see any kind of Ethiopian coffee ceremony listed on the menu either, so we figured they didn't offer it.

Overall, it's a decent restaurant for Ethiopian food for what we had.  But if we were craving kitfo and the veggie combo, we would probably go elsewhere.
I need to cover one thing immediately. There's an item on this menu, and the description reads that you should eat it only if you're gastronomically adventurous. Obviously we got that.

I went with two of my foodie friends, and I don't know what their morning was like, but I spent about half of mine sitting on the porcelain throne with my laptop and a frown.

It was good going down and burned like a fucking banshee on the way out. We got two lamb dishes, a fish dish (rhyme, lol!), a chicken dish, lentils, all kinds of good veggies, and a couple o' beers.

They were out of sambusas - kind of like samosas if you know Indian food - and they were also out of chickpea dip.

The place is kind of a hole, in the same kind of crappy strip mall that Lotus of Siam is in, but the food is excellent. Service was fine, we were the only people in the place except for one dude drinking coffee. Between the 3 of us, 6 beers and a veritable feast cost $90 including tip and tax. Great value, will go again, and will mentally prep for the morning dump next time. Don't judge me.
This was my first experience eating Ethiopian food.  It was a fun communal experience as our dinner club ate with our hands getting food from the center of the table.  We ordered the combination platter to sample a variety of food which I enjoyed.  My friend had the Ethiopian wine which had a smell that I wasn't use to, but was different to me.  Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.  She educated us on what to order.  I did notice a roach in the bathroom crawling on the sink. I hope they exterminate.  The place is in an old strip mall that doesn't look like the most visually appealing area near the strip, but its a hidden ethnic joint for Las Vegas foodies.
My first Ethiopian experience!  Delish.  I went solo and just had the beef kifto which was oh so yummy.  They insisted on cooking the beef a little bit, so it wasn't fully raw.  They did not have the chickpea dish -- I think another reviewed noted that about a year ago, so I'm not sure why it's still on the menu.  Service was great, even though I was laughed at for not knowing how to eat it, the waitress deigned to demonstrate by eating the first bite of my food!  (Her English wasn't great).  Gotta love that -- I'm totally into a place like this.
Located in a questionable strip mall, Meskerem offers a tasty and affordable trip across the Atlantic!  The surroundings are unimpressive, but the food overcomes the atmosphere.  Special kitfo was a little buttery, but delicious (raw minced beef with spices, served with collard greens and Ethiopian cheese).  The vegetarian platter was awesome; the sambusa was okay (they're better at Merkato).  The injera here came cut and rolled...it's more fun to eat when it's whole, but either way it serves its purpose.  My friend and I had a feast of more food than we could eat in 3 days, and we paid like $20.  Definitely worth a try!
Ohhhh, soo good.   Got a combo platter and a few veggie dishes all served up on the famous ethiopian flat bread.  The quality is right up there with other Ethiopian restaurants that I have been to.  A great alternative to the glitzy restaurants on the strip.
Welcome to the first, and hopefully last, "Charlie Sheen" review. 

After a long work week where I interacted briefly with thousands of people in English, participated in long client meetings in Spanish and German, and was forced to eat each night  in crowded Las Vegas restaurants - I really needed a quiet, simple home cooked meal to rejuvenate me and enhance my tiger blood and Adonis DNA.

I was far from home, but Meskerem really came through for me. This small Ethiopian restaurant was across from my hotel room in a nearly deserted strip mall with 100 parking spots, but only featuring two or three cars. It's so deserted, it looks more like a place to skateboard, play roller hockey, or facilitate a drug deal. And well, for all I know, this place could be a drug front. Or in other words, a place where Charlie Sheen might hang out when he's not too busy dating porn stars, ranting about practice, and "winning."

When I approached the joint, two Ethiopian guys smoking cigarettes stared at me. And when I entered, I was greeted by a woman with a big smile that was acting as a hostess, server, and bartender. I was the only person inside the humble restaurant that features some old tables, chairs, a full bar, and a flat screen TV (that was showcasing a basketball game). Part of me felt I was in an episode of the Ethiopian version of the Sopranos. It was just two guys sipping coffee and beer at the bar and me. Or in other words, there was just "two and half men." Ba-dum-cha!

I went up the bar and asked for a menu. The server said to sit anywhere and she handed me a paper menu. I was highly entertained and eventually appalled by the number of writing errors in the menu, which included "Red Strip" and "Micalobe" and "Merllo" for beer and wine. Where's the spell check, guys? It looks as if I am dealing with fools and trolls.

Luckily, the joint cooks a whole lot better than it can spell. I ordered "Ye Awaze Tibs" and after a long 20 minutes, I was presented with a huge piece of injera (Ethiopian flat sourdough bread) and my dish of red stew (with beef, onions, and green peppers) on the side. The server then poured my steaming hot dish all over the bread, which included a small veggie side. She then brought over two extra pieces of bread and I dug my face into my meal like Charlie Sheen does cocaine.

It was a nice, filling meal. I just wish it had been spicy (as I had requested). In the end, I got the quiet and simple home cooked meal in an atmosphere where I could relax, watch a game, and sign up for a Twitter account on my Blackberry just so I can follow the man, the myth, the one and only Charlie Sheen.
I love this place. Used to come often when our layover hotel was nearby. Took my friend there last night. Love that we could have Ethiopian food at midnight. We had the vegetarian combo with a variety of lentils, chickpeas and cabbage. We also had the beef and chilies.  The honey wine tasted homemade. It was a little fizzy and tangy. I enjoyed it even though it was different from what I'm used to. As always, the food was great and the service was sweet though relaxed.
This place has personality. It's as if you've come to a small corner of the Ethiopian desert and are being delighted with food, drink and music. 

Sparsely furnished, tacky decorations and a simple menu will greet you. There's usually Ethiopian music blaring in the corner and the staff and clientele are 100% Ethiopian. Legit. 

We usually get the Sambusa - a deep fried pastry stuffed with a lentil and spice mixture. The pastry is super yummy. Like a Samosa but a little different and crispier. $2 for the lentil Sambusa.

The Vegetarian Injera is always our main. Injera is an Ethiopian bread that's rather porous and soft. On top of the bread is a plethora of toppings. These change daily. There are always multiple lentil dishes, vegetable dishes and salads. It's a super yummy and healthy meal. $9 for this. 

All in all, Meskerem is a local hideout in a lonely strip mall but makes for a lot of personality and a great, healthy, filling and unique meal experience.
As a So Cal girl, I have been frequenting the restaurants in Little Ethiopia in the Fairfax District for years. As a recent transplant, I have made finding a good spot in Las Vegas one of my missions. I visited this place last week when I was missing LA and feeling a little blue. 

I had read a few reviews and decided to brave it out, but with a chip on my shoulder since I think I know good Ethiopian food when I taste it. I walked in and went to the bar to order my food to go. 

The bartender immediately knew I was from California and welcomed me to "Hell" ( her pet name for Las Vegas). She took my order and gave me a complimentary tea which was deliciously spiced and a little sweet. 

The food took a while but when I got my order home, I was not disappointed. I ordered the vegetarian combination with fish. The total was around $10.00 and the portions were right on! I got three pieces of fried fish (which I thought I would not like but loved), a generous amount of injera ( they offered me white or wheat bread, but I said hell no to that!), and a plate loaded with the typical Ethiopian veggies and lentils. 

Long story short, I will come back. The food was well priced, well spiced, and the bartender was friendly. I don't miss LA so much now!
Day one of Vegas/APP, we're drunk and needed to find food. Luckily, John Johnson gave the veggies and vegans of APP a list of places we could go, and it was walking distance from the hotel. 

So we started our trek, and walked, and eventually we got there. Has a sort of hole in the wall vibe, and was a smal little place with very friendly people working and loving their job and the food they make.

We went with a party of I think like 5 or 6 people and we got this huge platter full of different meals, and they gave us lots of injera (a sort of fermented bread) to scoop food up and eat with your hands.

I'm giving Meskerem 5 stars because of a myriad of reasons;

1. The food was absolutely incredible. This was my first time having real Ethiopian food and it blew me away. Its up there with how much I love thai food and burritos and sandwiches, maybe even more.

2. The employees were very nice, always smiling and non discriminating (remember, this was during APP so all of us are heavily tattooed and pierced)  about staying open later for us to finish our food and we left our server a huge tip for being so patient.

3.The atmosphere. The employees factor into this too, but it felt more like having a group of friends in a big house where the employees here were our family and we were just having a nice meal.

4. The eating with your hands is new to me, but it adds a whole new level of intimacy. Sitting in a tight circle of close friends, scooping up food with the injera and eating with your hands was an awesome bonding experience.  

Not to mention the ambience, the personality, the Ethiopian music playing in the background, and just....I could on for days. It was really quite incredible. Will Definitely be coming back next year while I'm here for APP.

Recommended  a hundred times.
Disclaimer: So this is my first Ethiopian experience. Soooooo, I don't know if my score is unjust or not because I don't know if ethiopian food is just not for me or not. Generally, I like everything. So it sounds about right, but if I try another place and get a feel for Ethiopian food more, I'll re-review. 

I walked in super excited about trying Ethiopian food for the first time. I wasn't even familiar with what to expect. I glanced over the menu, and pretty much decided to ask the waitress to recommend me whatever she thought was best. 
My friend got the Veggie Combo and I got the Meat Combo (described as the GASTRONOMICAL ADVENTURE, how do you turn that down?! seriously?) 
I asked her if that was too much food for the two of us and she said it wasn't. Well, the food came out, and it was a TON of food. 
Both of our dishes came out on the same platter. The veggies along the edges of the platter and the meats in the middle all portioned on top of their bread. 
My friend describes their bread as elephant ears, which is the reason why I wanted to try Ethiopian food. Who doesn't want to try something that reminds them of elephant ears?! Okay, maybe the average joe but that's what peaked my interest. But the bread is pretty much unleavened bread thats super porous. It was actually really really good. 

The whole experience was very interesting. You eat with your hands and take the bread and use that to grab the veggies and meat mixtures. The only part I didn't like was that I thought all the portions of the food was very bland, but that just might just be how the food is supposed to taste? 

I also thought the food was WAY too much food. My friend and I barely made a dent with the portions of the veggies and meat. There would have been enough food for the two of us if we would have just ordered one. 
I just wished the waitress would have told us.
This restaurant has the absolute best service that I've had yet at any Ethiopian restaurant.  The waitress here had limited English but went out of her way to answer all my questions...like I really liked the Ethiopian tea, and she went over to the market side to grab me the spices.  They were whole, and I had a difficult time understanding if I should grind them or steep them whole.  She took the spices into the kitchen and ground them for me.  Such a sweetheart.  

Ok, so about the food.  Only one particular item that I ordered had enough grease to soak through the plate injera.  So overall, I felt it was healthy.  We were a group of 4 and ordered the veggie platter and the lamb platter.  Both were incredibly good, and there was definitely enough for all of us.  My favorite, had to be the lamb plate.  The only thing I was surprised was that the veggie platter didn't have any mesir wat.  And I was sad that the menu didn't contain mushroom shiro.  Tej was good, but I've had more fragrant varieties.

Overall great service and great food.  I hope that more ppl will come to appreciate this gem.
I really liked this restaurant and there was about a 1 in 100 chance that I would have ever found it.  Tucked away east of the strip in a pretty empty strip mall, this place has a lot of character - and the food and service is very good.  I have had Ethiopian food before, but never in Vegas - and I will be back!
Omfg, let go and enjoy! Eat with your hands. Learn "thank you" in Amharic before you go:   Amesegënallô (feminine)
DELICIOUS Ethiopian (vegan) food! Good service, nice restaurant, good prices. Really close to the strip, we were staying at Circus Circus and we could easily walk there.
Good food. Quiet place. Shy waitress but friendly. Left satisfied!
Loved it.  My husband and I shared the Veggie Combo, the spicy chicken and an extra helping of Collard Greens.  The food comes on a huge plate over a spongy like wheat pancake, and several rolled up on the side which are used to scoop up the delightful food.  To drink we shared two different Ethiopian beers.  The total bill came to only $33 and change.  The only downside is the neighborhood is a bit sketchy.  Other than that it is well worth going back.
I don't know what I can say that others have not already said about this establishment.  When first arriving, it is in a strip mall, tucked off the strip.  The complete opposite of the glitz of Vegas.  The decor inside is simple and the restaurant is clean.  There is lovely peaceful music to be heard.  One will seat themselves and the proprietor will come over with the menu and make some nice suggestions.

Being vegan and never having Ethiopian food before, I was glad to have my companions with me to make suggestions.  Apparently, this establishments specialty is the vegetarian dish so we knew we were in for a treat.

Starting off with lentil sambusas, I had wished I had ordered more.  My companions stated they were the best they had ever eaten.  The dough was flaky, tender,  the sauce was flavorful and the filling was simple and delicious.

The vegetarian platter we ordered was literally enough for two to three people.  It has an array of lentils, vegetables, salads, and is served with injera.  You eat with your hands here.  The display of this dish is beautiful and I immediately had to take a picture, it is a work of art.

My friends ordered the Ethiopian coffee service.  The gentleman told us that the lady who performed the service was off that day.  We were surprised to find that she did come in on her day off to perform the service for us.  Wow is all I can say.  Please do not leave without having the coffee service, it is an experience and is delicious.

The value of the food you receive here will surprise you.  We had dinner for six people, including appetizers and the coffee ceremony.  $58 before the tip.

if you want a break from the fast pace of Vegas, do yourself a favor and head over to Meskerem.
The food was pretty darn good.  But, the general lack of decor, which allowed for wild echos as well as the stark lighting, detracted from the experience.  That, coupled with the odd location in empty strip mall is kinda weird.  Maybe 3.5 stars overall.  But, we did like the food:

The food - 4.0 stars
Overall - very good!  But, all of is was fairly cold.  If hotter, it would have tasted better.

Red Lentils - 4.5 stars
Slightly underdone, but great spicy flavor.

Yellow Lentils - 4 stars
A great change of taste vs the red, with a very unique tangy flavor.

Cabbage - 4 stars
Fresh and tangy.

Green Beans - 4.0 stars
Delicious.  Never had that served at Ethiopian restaurant before.

Salad - 3 stars
Pretty plain, but it was refreshing.

Injera Bread - 4 stars
More whole wheat-like (or Teff) in both color and texture.  Quite good.  The thicker version used on the tray was quite sour, almost too much. 

PS - also, be prepared for a leisurely meal.  They don't do a lot of rushing here.
I ordered my food and they did not honor my coupon. The coupon had not expired yet.  They just said that they stopped accepting the coupon. We paid money for their coupon too. The food was sad. These guys will be going out of business shortly and smartly.
After 2 days of sub-mediocre conference food at a nearby hotel, I was desperate for something real, and something vegetarian that went beyond cheese pizza. Meskerem satisfied perfectly. It's not fancy, in fact, it's rather dingy. It's in a strip mall just off Las Vegas Blvd. and it's next to the sorts of down-on-your-luck stores one might usually find in a strip mall. But that does not matter, because Meskerem makes delicious food that will restore you. I ordered a vegetarian sampler platter (although it was cryptically called something else on the menu). It arrived with plenty of delicious injera bread to mop up the varieties lentils and greens spread out on even more injera. I kept eating and eating, feeling more and more restored with each bite. Then I got a little worried about what all of those lentils and greens might do to my digestion. However, there was nothing to worry about. It was the most satisfying meal I had during my stay in Las Vegas. Leaving the restaurant, I felt refreshed and ready to tackle another day of exciting powerpoint presentations!
This is my go to ethiopian food place, you may ask how could that be?  But if you go and try it you will have that craving for the bread maybe 2 or 3 times a year and once it is in your head you have to have it.  

I cannot easily describe it is a soft airy bread that has a bit of a sour flavor but not sour in a bad way.  You hold the bread in one hand and tear pieces off and use the pieces to scoop up the goodness on the platter in front of you.  The goodness in from of you will have to be up to you.  Read the menu well and enjoy it with an open mind.

You may hear a lot of ruckus next door but no worries it is just a bunch of cabbies playing bad pool!  LOL

This place gets a bad wrap for it's bathrooms and floors and decor but I have traveled over seas many times and eaten soup from rivers that no one should eat from and had pieces of meat in my food that I could not identify but here in the US we are a bit of a food snobs so much food is wasted because it looks funny or feels funny or is different. 

The food here is great the service good for what they know and the cleanliness is fine for a dive food place.  I will be back to get my fix of bread in the not so distant future!
This was my first experience with Ethiopian food. We planned an early dinner - and when we arrived at 6:00 - we pulled into a deserted strip mall, save for 2 taxis and two other cars. Meskerem and a, ehem, "spa" - were the only businesses still open.  Upon entering the restaurant, there was one other group sat at a round table in the showroom area - the rest of the place was deserted save for the taxi drivers that popped in and out for coffee and to play a round of pool in the adjoining room. The decor is somewhat sterile and aged with all the charm of a 1980s cafeteria and the walls and ceiling could definitely use a new coat of paint. That said - the music that they play here is great - upbeat and authentic! Our waitress was very reserved, very quiet.

Four of us got two vegetarian combo platters to split. The injera bread was an odd experience at first, on the cold side and spongey - but great for scooping up the wonderful bits and bites of curried and spiced lentils, cauliflower, collard greens, potatoes and salad. The food is really great! I washed it down with an Ethiopian beer called Bedele - which is a Czechoslovakian-style pilsner made just outside Addis Ababa. Mild carbonation with a cloudy pour which tasted a bit fruity or honeyed which made me wonder if the flavorings were intentional (like a German Hefe) or a bit off. I hoped for the former.  It matched well with the food at any rate.

All in all the experience was fine - but I'm interested in trying out some of the other Ethiopian establishments in town as well.
Had a late lunch, and was the only white person in the restaurant (in my book a good sign).

The food was very authentic and filling (although spicy if you are sensitive. They apparently had a lunch buffet or plates off the menu, the 'locals' where eating off the buffet, but I opted for a 'fresh' plate. I had the meat stew dish, with an ethiopian beer (there is two, one pilsner and a apricot beer that I had). Way too much for myself, so I took the rest home.
The service was mediocre, but it was late in the day and the server had friends at the bar.

Overall I would be glad to return, maybe next time at night (it looked like they had some kind of bar/club/live music scene going at night).
1st Ethiopian meal... Loved the buffet, although I am usually very wary. It is a good sign when you walk into an ethnic restaurant and it is populated by folks who look like they may be from the country of origin. Don't love the weird bread, but that is okay because everything else as great. The food was fresh, flavorful and plentiful.  For $8 it can't be beat. I got it to go and ate in my Marriott hotel room around the corner, but I would go back and stay there as once inside the restaurant it is fine. The area is a tad seedy, but that adds to the adventure, right? 
Not thrilled about the tons of travelling I will now be doing for work, but I am comforting myself with the idea that I am going to have a lot of fun yelping my way around Vegas! Oh, and the beet sald ans sambusas were great.
If I'm in Las Vegas, I always make it a point to eat at Meskerem Restaurant and the food never fails to impress.

Usually, I'll order the Veggie combo, which comes with a bunch of stuff that I can neither name nor figure out, but it's all wonderful. This is served on injera, the crazy fun spongy flat bread. You peel off chunks of bread and use it to scoop up the food. The staff will give you a look of disdain if you ask for a fork, so just eat it with your hands. (Apologies to my mother, who raised me to pick a chicken clean with a fork and knife.)

But this time when I ambled in at lunch there was a buffet set up. There was much of the same stuff from the veggie combo plus soup, a chicken dish, beef stew and a beef/cabbage thing. The buffet and a soda set me back only $10. Of course, it was amazing again. 

Looks like they have live music at night, which might be worth checking out. But remember that Vegas venues charge you an extra 10% Live Entertainment Tax if there's even a guy playing a kazoo loudly in the corner.

I Haile recommend this place. It's the Addis Aba-bomb! Sorry about the puns. One more? Okay. It's jahlicious. You're welcome.
This is my second choice Ethiopian place in town (Mercado on Twain is number one). However, this little restaurant has same sized portions and nice ambiance, and same price.  The kitfo, however, doesn't have the same flavor and taste as Mercado's kitfo.  The vegetarian combo plate has cabbage, collard greens, lentils, potatoes, lettuce, and one that I can't figure out. It's good, but lacks a bit of variation in taste, so if you're looking for a variety of flavor, simply order two or three dishes to share.  The service was excellent, the restaurant was empty save us but we still got great, courteous service, and parking was a breeze (the lot looks abandoned but I promise it isn't).    The strip mall only has 3 open stores--a massage parlor, the restaurant, and the ethiopian store that is attached to the restaurant, but don't let that sway you!
NOT the place in town I would recommend first for Ethiopian fare.

At first glance, this place appears to be closed. The windows are dark and it's in a rundown shopping center that has certainly seen better days. However, the door does open when you pull it and the interior looks a little better than the desolate outside. 

Apparently, there's live entertainment at night because there's a small stage in the corner of the restaurant, and when I've driven by the place at night, it's bustling with business from cab drivers.

Although I couldn't imagine why they'd want to eat here.

I went with some folks from work in the afternoon a couple of weeks ago, and we all opted to do the lunch buffet, which costs roughly $10. I would have felt better if I had paid half that for the quality of food provided.

The buffet set up, at first glance, appeared to be empty of food. However, on closer inspection, there was tons of food shoved into two little buffet carts. About half of the items were labeled, and less than a quarter of the items actually tasted good. Unfortunately, most of the items that tasted good were un-labeled, so I couldn't even begin to share what was enjoyable. 

The waitress told us the only item on the menu not included in the buffet was the kitfo, so we ordered some, which was also $10. It was surprisingly bland compared to the kitfo I've had at other Ethiopian joints.

I doubt I'll be coming back to Meskerem.
I thought the food was mediocre at best but unfortunately the whole family group of six really despised the food and the decor passionately.We took the lunch buffet which was cold and not at all tasty.Their Ethiopian flat spongy bread crapes (injeras )had too much baking soda, it was bitterly unappetizing. The bean sauces and vegetable dishes tasted like leftovers from some days ago.  We did our best to barely eat what we could, since we figured that we would get a big fat bill.. we have had the best ethiopian food at several places.This place does not even come close to it.Very disappointed with the food .We were the only ones @ the restaurant.We should have taken the hint.
I would certainly not recommend this place.
Ive been a big fan of Ethiopian food for awhile now, I love the way they combine there traditional spices to create unique dishes that is so flavorful. My favorite dish to order is call kitfo special and gore gore.

Kitfo special is an amazing dish that is serve raw, medium or cook. Its mince up meat flavored with ethiopian butter(niter kibe) red pepper powder(mimita) I love the raw one whenever I go to meskerem. Make sure you call in advace if your planning on taking out, cause they take foreverrrrrr to cook lolz. Trust me on this!  One day I had to wait 45 mins for my food to be brought out, I almost fell asleep waiting. Now I know better. Overall great food! But horrible wait time haha
We had a great experience coming here-quite inexpensive too..lots of food!
Friendly service, wonderfully authentic food and even an authentic brew. It's just a hole in the wall, but it was great!
Definitely not a romantic or upscale place, but it's Ethiopian so who would expect luxury? What is important is the food is good- nice spice to the red lentils & the service was friendly. Healthy vegan options. I had the veggie combo which has 5 items (2 lentil, collard greens, cabbage & a salad) served on injera with 4 additional pieces of injera on side.
The food is delicious and the people who work here are friendly. It's like we walked out of the brutal hellscape of Las Vegas into an inviting home that had just cooked dinner for the community. $10 buffet? Perfect.
Great food, attentive service, fun music. The only negative is the slightly shabby decor, but it's easily forgotten once the delicious food arrives. Personally, I like the vegetarian combination platter. Scrumptious....try it!
I stopped by Meskerem during CES 2013 as I stayed at nearby Riviera. I'm vegetarian and loved the food here. Too bad this is located a bit off the strip. The decor needs some update but the food was really good so who cares about the decor. If you like spicy food ask for some extre berbere sauce.
This was my first time eating Ethiopian food.. and I think it was authentic? The servers didn't speak much English but that made the experience so wonderful! I can't remember what I ordered, but I know that I liked everything I ordered (and everything people at my table ordered as well). It was really cool because they don't eat with silverware, they use the sour-dough like bread to dip into the sauce! The service was so great and the food tasted delicious!
Not really impressed but it's new food and has a unique taste. Honestly not going to try again.
This was my third visit here which I initially found by accident. Each time, whether I did mild or spicy the food has been great.  Tonight I had a great lamb stew that you ate with their special bread.  The owner and his wife are very pleasant and are happy to engage a visiting tourist.  Great food and an unbeatable price, just off the strip.
I'm not in the habit of givng bad reviews to a restaurant but unfortunately this place gets one from me. Me and my friend came to Vegas for the weekend- came to this place because I got a coupon and an e-gift card from Restaurant. Com. I thought that they would be able to get the discount code from my smartphone - waitress said they only accept hard copy coupons (at most other restaurants they just take the code from the phone!) Service was slow - beef tibs not very flavorful -wait staff not very friendly. I'm used to the great tasting food and excellent service of Rosalind's in L.A. In a way it's good we came here-know not to come here next time!
I have never tried Ethiopian food before but I had been wanting too after seeing someone eat it on YouTube. I planned a trip to Vegas and then thought later I wonder if I can get Ethiopian food there? You can and this place was very close to the strip about 2 miles from the MGM a Grand. I ordered the food to go and it did take a little while but the staff was very friendly. I liked the food it was very interesting, but for me it was a one time experience. Who knows maybe I'll try it again. I paid $9 for my food and it was very filling. I ordered the veggie platter without fish.
A cab driver mentioned this place. He said that all the Ethiopian cabbies go there after their shift, because it's open till 2 AM.
I had never had Ethiopian food, but when my wife told me that Ethiopian restaurants offer raw meat, my interest was definitely piqued. 
The place is small and we were the only ones there.
The woman that served us was also an owner, and she was one of the nicest, most patient, and knowledgeable server that I've ever had.
She explained all the dishes to us, but I was only interested in trying the raw beef.
The bread was not my favorite thing, but I can honestly say that it was nothing like I've ever tasted before. Spongy, sour, and I learned that it is not cooked, just poured onto a flat surface and left to set.
The raw meat was reminiscent of steak tar-tar, except that it was a huge portion.
I would have preferred it a little less seasoned, but the server told me that the next time I go there, I should order a different raw dish that would better suit my taste. 
My wife ordered some vegetarian plate, so I didn't taste any of her dish, but for what it's worth, it looked good. 
They also owned a little shop next door, and our server walked us there and introduced us to one of her relatives who was behind the counter. This server was so nice.
There was a little room in the back with a billiards table, but the rules of the game were too complicated for me. It wasn't like regular pocket billiards.
The service was excellent, and I can't fault them for the food not being particularly suited for my taste.
The food was fresh, healthy, and I will be going back to try some of their other dishes.
I'm in Las Vegas with my father for one night (don't ask, we're not getting married or any sick Red state shit like that) and I refuse to eat where we are staying because as much as I love me some free room service, I cannot handle when my only choice on the menu is a STEAMED VEGETABLE PLATTER.  that is right.  it is a platter of steamed vegetables and a scoop of white rice.  just typing that sentence makes me want to get sick all over this computer.  now, you might be thinking, "Laura, aren't you on Weight Watchers?" and to that I say, "Fuck you."  

So anyway, I decide we're going to be adventurous and take a trip off the strip to a mostly vegetarian restaurant that I've been to before called Long Life Vege.  It's about a ten minute cab ride away, it's cheap and they have delicious fake meat.  Delicious.  While my dad may hate fake meat product, there is nothing the man loves more than cheap (the dude likes to be told how much you spent on his birthday present and if it's under $10 he will be all, "HIGH FIVE!" Once, my sister got him a pair of toe nail clippers from Mac Frugal's (RIP) for 99 cents and the man shed a tear.  HE CRIED, HE WAS SO PROUD) so we were in a cab faster than you can say, "faux chicken chow mein."  Well, our cabbie was a delightful chap from Somalia who was very affable and talkative and when he asked why we were going to a vegetarian restaurant, my dad said, "Because this one's a VEGAN!  Hahaha!' and they laughed and laughed.  Good one, you guys!  It IS hilarious when someone is vegan!  HAR DEE FUCKING HAR HAR.

we pull up to Long Life Vege and the motherfucker is closed.  GODDAMMIT.  we ask our cabbie for restaurant recommendations and he suggests Merkato since it is nearby and he is a regular.  We get to Merkato and as we are getting out of the cab, both my dad and I realize that we forgot our wallets.  Well, actually, my dad forgot his wallet and I "forgot" mine, you dig?  I ain't paying when money bags is around!  I wrangle dogs for a living and my father gets hundred dollar bills poured on his head just for waking up.  Plus, there will be no social security left for me when i'm old and I gotta save NOW!  and by save NOW!, i mean buy that new ipod phone because it's SWEET!  do you think it comes in pink??

We take a cab back to the hotel, my dad get his wallet, takes out another $100 from the ATM and we drive back to Merkato.  The cab is $45 at this point so my dad gives the guy what he thinks is $70 because he has put up with our insanity for the evening.  You're saying to yourself, "Who gives a fuck, Laura?" And to that I say, "Wait for it. You will get a mild satisfaction at the end but it's probably still not worth reading the whole long ass review."

We walk into Merkato and are the only non-Ethiopian people in the place and it's crazy crowded.  Both VERY good signs for potential deliciousness.  I order the veggie combo (which was a very typical veggie combo: yellow lentils, red lentils, mustard greens, enjera salad, etc) and it was MAGNIFICENT.  One of the best i've had and I've had A LOT.  my dad got the dead lambert and said the flavor was fantastic but there was too much fat and gristle.  now, contrary to popular belief, i haven't always been vegan.  i used to eat meat and let me tell you, i liked the grossest meat.  tendons and gristle and marrow...i mean, i would CLEAN a chicken bone and then use a splinter to pick my teef.  i was a hardcore red neck of an obese 9 year-old until i figured out i was eating bambi.  ANYWAY, if you are currently like i was when i was 9 years-old, then get the lamb and when you're done, have your cholesterol checked because i'm pretty sure you're gonna drop dead at any moment.  

So, we finish our fantastic meal about 15 hours after we first walked in (that's how they roll in Ethiopia.  Slowly.  But friendly.  Like this review.) and as he's paying, my dad realizes that instead of the $30 tip he thought he left our lovable cabbie, he gave him $115 tip.  MY DAD'S BAD!  we also realized that we had no way back to the hotel. luckily when i asked our waitress to call us a cab, she was all, "hold on" and disappears.  two minutes later, a guy who was eating a few tables over has us in his cab, headed back to the hotel.  Major bonus.

In the end, we're dealing with:

Cab rides: $135.  
Dinner: $25 (for two HUGE plates plus two beers and tea)
Average Cost of Dinner for Two People in Las Vegas in Some Cheesy Rip Off Restaurant On The Strip: $200.  

So anyway, I think we still did good.  And there's a cab driver (Yasin!  Holla!) who is high rolling tonight.  Or, you know, sending money back to his family in his war torn country.  As my dad put it, his company is paying and screw those jerkwads, the better man (Yasin! Holla!) wins tonight!  I love my dad.  

I am finally done, you can rest your eyes.  Get up, stretch, do some squats, get the blood flowing...you've been here awhile.
I decided to visit this restaurant based upon the lone review here on yelp.  Also, my uncle married a lady from Ethiopia, and I was curious about the cuisine.

We arrived around 10:00 on a Tuesday night, and the place was pretty much empty.  We were the lone non-Ethiopians in the joint.

The surroundings were nice, but relatively spartan.  Our server, who obviously saw that we were clueless, was very nice and offered suggestions on what to order.  We went with lamb tibs and a beef dish of some sort.

OK.  Things are going well so far.  I'm drinking my beer, life is good.

The beef entree arrives on a big, metal plate.  There's also a basket with five or six napkins in it.  The food is sitting on this big pancake-looking thing.  No silverware to be found.  WTF????  Where's my freaking fork???

The server, sensing our confusion, unrolled one of the napkins to reveal not a napkin, but another one of those pancake thingys.  Holy crap!   I get it, you rip off part of the napkin (which has a very strange texture, like a sponge), to scoop up the delicious morsels sitting on the pancake.

OK, that's funny.  I'm a fucking yokel from North Dakota.  TEE HEE HEE. 

You can stop laughing now.  Really.  I'm a rube, we get it.

OK...the food was delicious.  A bit spicy, but in a good way.  The lamb tibs were a bit charred and had lots o' gristle, but were very flavorful and had a nice sauce to accompany them.  Very nice.

Service was at a leisurely pace, and the server was very nice and attentive.  The tab was about $30, and I had three beers.  CHEAP AS HELL!

I asked the server what the bread was made of, she said sunflowers, but I didn't buy it.  I subsequently learned the bread is injera, which is made out of a grain called teff.  Who knew?  I ain't never seen none of them there teff farmers out here in NoDak, no sireee!!!!  Wheat?  Check.  Barley?  Check.  Flax?  Check.  Teff?  Um, Nope.

I'm looking forward to hitting an Ethiopian restaurant on my next trip to the big city (Mpls/St.Paul, Denver, etc...) and would return here on my next visit to LV.

Closed Circuit to Laura B:  You COULD have explained what the napkins were for.  Just sayin'.
Finally made it here just recently!  First experience with Ethiopian food and we are already contemplating going back the next day haha.  

We went with an Ethiopian friend of ours which made the experience SO much better because he explained everything in detail, reasons why things are done a certain way and he had a great rapport with the owners and many customers in the place.  We felt like we were on a tour or something..it was great!

We all shared the vegetarian dish with the beef tibs.  Oohhh the beef...soooo tasty!  Everything was delicious right down to the Amoeba water which is their version of Pellegrino.  Planning to do the raw beef dish next time.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  Damn...that chicken with egg thing is amazing...the sauce kind of tasted like Vindaloo which I have have almost weekly.

A MUST is the coffee ceremony.  They bring you to the side and have a little stove where they put the coffee bean in a pot and shake it until the beans are nice and toasted (see photos).  The coffee is strong...but I LOVE strong coffee.  They serve the coffee with freshly popped popcorn...not sure if that is an Ethiopian thing but...why not.

Our server was great...she was also the one doing the coffee service in the photo.
This spot is Eithopi-ILLIN'! I've been here a bunch of times and always come away smiling, belly bursting with spongy Injera that expands in your stomach. LV is a strange place...when I walked in here the first time I expected the usual suspects of mangy trustafarians and tatted hipsters but was surprised to find myself dining amongst Ethiopians munching on piles of raw beef. But aside from scratching that stuffwhitepeoplelike.com itch to eat an ethnic meal without any other whities in site, the food is stand-up: excellent Doro Wat, Tibs, all the usual stuff. Funny though one of the "vegetarian" items has ground beef in it. My only complaint is they don't have Ethiopian beer, or Hej -- Ethiopian honey wine, a sweet alcoholic delight which appeals to the sorority girl in me (Deltas for life!). But they treat ya nice enough to make you forget about any of that. Plus they redid the bar recently so now you have this absurd Saturday-Night-Fever-looking panel mixed in with the dining-hall decor, creating a schizophrenic ambience that somehow makes the food tastier. Maybe I'm too forgiving -- I just feel like I'm eating a REAL meal cooked by REAL people here. And it makes me happy and sated. What else can you ask for?
As good as it gets for Ethiopian food!
A friend of mine came over and I told him that I got a "something different dinner place".
He never tried that kind of food while I had neighbors from Eritrea for about 2 years so I have a pretty good idea about their food. (I even used to chew tchat with them - but tsss! don't tell anyone because it is actually illegal here in US :)
We ordered beef tibs and doro wat. Boy... it was plenty of darn good food! I also had that Ethiopian sparkling water (i think it's better than Perrier). 

Bottom line: 
If you never had Ethiopian food before - go for it and start here at Merkato. 
Ask for "not too spicy" because Ethiopians like it "spicy as hell" on a "Caucasian scale" :).
 Also... just an advice - don't drink much cold beer - it doesn't help digestion in this case - go for hot tea or coffee and it'll make it easier for your full tummy :)
I will be back for sure - try more stuff off the menu. 
The only thing that I would like to have there - some kind of dessert would definitely be great.
Very interesting meal! This was the first time I had Ethiopian fare and ordered way too much by accident.

Everything is eaten with your hands, and the food is spicy but not bangkok spicy.

Try the vegetarian platter, it will easily serve two adults. I ordered the spicy beef as well but it was more then we could finish. Next time i'll have to try the coffee and popcorn, looked juicy!
Thanks to Yelpers I was able to find this place and take my family when we went July 4th.  They are open pretty late so that was good because we had to brave through the LA traffic to get here on a LONG weekend! lol 

For full pics and reviews go to http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/07/adding-culture-to-trip.html

My Dad has never been to Ethiopian food so I thought this would be great because he can get a cultural experience.  He is SO PICKY! He only likes Chinese food and it has to be CHEAP! So I thought, "Hey, why not Ethiopian."  They usually aren't too pricey and the food is good & plentiful.  

As usual the service was slow but they were very friendly and nice.  We were the ONLY Asians in there for sure, but hey I like my Ethiopian food! ^_^ It's a nice low key.  You can get a lot of food for a very good price.  There are some stuff that was really good and some were so-so.  I did like the Tibs because it was just fried and flavored.  Yum! The fried beef was the best and the fried lamb was good.  They were my favorites.
This place is so good and it's open late night when my craving for injera comes.

get their spicy lamb. so freaking good.  their vegeterian sampler is really good.  And they have this bean dish on their breakfast menu that is really good.

go there late at nght when all the ethiopians come out and play.  it gets pretty fun.  one of the guys their usually gets up and starts playing music and singing.

one platter is more than enough for two but leftovers are good in the morning. 

the injera soaks and tastes good.  hope you like spicy and use your hands.  don't stick out like a sore thumb and ask for a fork!
CHEAP prices, excellent food, what more could you ask for?

Service: A bit slow, but the waiter explained someone called in sick that day, which is fine.  I've never had Ethiopian food before and they were very helpful in teaching me how to eat the enjera.

Food: I ordered the "Chicken and Egg" dish with enjera, which was AMAZING. The best way i can describe it is that it tastes like curry, but not as spicy.  My friends ordered the Beef and Lamb tibs, which came sizzling on a hot plate.  Everything was delicious and perfectly seasoned. Portions are huge.

I wish there was one in Southern California.

*My opinion may be a little biased because my mouth (and wallet) were still sour from an incredibly underwhelming and just as incredibly over priced meal at Bouchon at The Venetian the night before.  Apparently, they charge you a RESTAURANT FEE just to eat there!
Merkato was my first Ethiopian experience and I was surprised with how much I enjoyed the food!  My friend wanted us to try his ethnic food so he ordered for the whole group.  I wish I remembered everything we ate but the best dishes were the Lamb Tibs and the Chicken and Egg.  The Lamb Tibs were AMAZING!  It came out on a skillet with sauteed onions and some sort of spicy vegetable.  Yum!  The chicken was just as tasty - it literally fell off the bone.  Not to mention, there wasn't any silverware in sight.  All we had were our hands and some sort of spongy-bread-crepe-looking-sourbread-tasting-food to use as a scoop for our food.  It made a great cultural experience, too!
My boyfriend and I were looking to have an evening out where we tried something completely new and different.  Neither of us had ever tried Ethiopian food before and in the mood for something exotic, we were up for the challenge.  So off to Merkato we went!  We were the only westerners in the restaurant, which was a great sign that we were about to have an authentic experience (as authentic as you can get for Ethiopian food in Vegas, anyway).  The service was great and helpful as the waitress explained to us what various dishes were like.  We both ordered a dish, very affordable, and quickly the food was brought to our table.  For anyone who has never had it, Ethiopian food is served without utensils and you eat with these giant pancake-like things that the food is poured atop.  Messy but delicious and very meat-heavy, we could have easily gotten by ordering one dish to share.  Excellent food and I will be back again even though my boyfriend and I both had tummyaches after dinner... not sure if it was from so much meat or what, but it's worth it and I will return.
3.5 Stars.

It was a cool experience trying out some new cuisine and eating with our hands. We ordered the Lamb tibs as per recommendations and some savory beef stew dish. Both were poured on a large metallic platter that was covered with a round piece of brown spongy bread. You tear off a piece of bread, grab some stew or tibs, and then consume. The salad that came with it helped mix up the flavors, but nothing memorable. The waitresses were nice enough, and came to check on us once in a while.

A cheap new experience in gastronomy. However, I don't think I'll be back.
I have to preface that I don't eat meat at restaurants very often, so I don't think I can give a 100% fair review. 

Mf and I each had a sambussa, which is like an Indian samosa or puff pastry, filled with seasoned lentils and fried ($1 ea). Those were good. I could've eaten those all day long. 

I had the vegetarian combo for $8.50 and it was meh. It was six different items (like mustard greens which tasted like spinach straight out of the can, potato, ground lentils, split beans) served on a large circular platter and lined with an injera, a pourous flat bread. The texture of the injera is weird. It looks like a rubber place mat or a thin pancake. It is virtually tasteless, but you use it to pick up the slops of food. They also dropped a basket of more injera. 

Mf had a seasoned lamb dish. I don't remember the name. He just asked for a suggestion and the waitress pointed at this item on the menu. Maybe the tibbs? He said it was okay. 

We were both clueless on etiquette, by the way. We were totally spying on the other parties, trying to figure out how to hang. We didn't know if you were supposed to eat with only one hand (since Ethiopia is such a Muslim getback). You eat with your hands, both hands are fine. There aren't any utensils. Its accepted to pick up food off your own plate and feed it to your neighbor. We didn't witness that ... but its good to know. 

Service was friendly. Restaurant seemed clean. Although I did blow ass the next morning. I'm always wary of eating with my fingers. Read: wary, not afraid.

They serve alcohol. Mf ordered a mysterious blue bottle of clear liquid called Ambo. Yeah, its just sparkling water, bottled in Ethiopia. Um ... doesn't Ethiopia have poor potable water? We saw a lot of other customers order it, so we got it. I guess people just get it because the tap water tastes like chlorine. 

They have this dance floor/ stage with some instruments and I guess they get down three nights a week. We were not there on one such night (we went at around 530p on a Monday). 

When we got in, there were only two other parties of Ethiopians. When we left, there were like, eight parties of Ethiopians. And there were like, 15 cabs in the parking lot. Awesome. Okay, do I have to spell it out? There are a lot of Ethiopian cabbies in Vegas. 

* off the strip, non-casino
I've been wanting to try Ethiopian for a while, and when the veg place in Vegas that I originally wanted to try had a power outage, plan B was in effect. Across town we went in search of Merkato.
So glad we did!
We were the only non-Ethiopians in the place, which I took as a good sign. Service was friendly, even if we looked like we had no idea what we were doing!
We each got a samusa, which is like an Indian somaosa, for $1! A puff pastry type pocket filled with lentils and spices. Very delicious!
My boyfriend and I split the vegetarian platter. It was much bigger than we thought, and it was filling! The meal is served with ingera, a spongy bread, that you use to scoop up the food. What a fun experience. I was so looking forward to a new cuisine and a different way to eat. The bread doesn't have a whole lot of flavor, which is good because the meal is filled with so many different spices and flavors.
The food was surprisingly filling, but we managed to put most of it away. 
I left happy and satisfied!
Oh, did I mention how inexpensive this place is?! Even with two beers, our total was about $17! I don't remember the last time my boyfriend and I got out of a restaurant in under twenty bucks!
Being a vegetarian convention visitor to Vegas is tough, so I give Merkato Ethiopian Cafe five stars for being tasty, cheap, and friendly to both vegetarians and carnivores.  I've eaten Ethiopian food many a time in Berkeley, and this Vegas version held up pretty well in comparison.  My colleagues had never tried Ethiopian food, but were teff enough for a new adventure.  I ordered the Vegie combo and they ordered the Chicken Wot (a stew with a hard boiled egg that C said was fantastic) and a lamb stew.  While the food was great, the highlight of the experience was the special coffee ceremony.  Our server explained that in Ethiopia guests are traditionally welcomed with such a ceremony - which starts with flame-roasting the beans; no decaf here!  The aroma of coffee still lingered on my jacket the next morning; I was sad to have the delicious scent countered by the noxious odors (tobacco and artificial floral deodorizer) of the casino.  (Grumble - most convention goers don't appreciate having to traverse the casino floor to get from the hotel rooms to the conference rooms.)
As a bonus Merkato was only 1.6 miles from the back door of the Venetian, so we were able to work up an appetite by walking to dinner.  (Note that the neighborhoods traversed are not the greatest, so I suggest eschewing the walk if you're going solo.)  Getting a taxi back was easy: we simply asked the driver who had just finished his dinner if he was available.
The vegie leftovers made a great lunch the next day - I consumed most of it while waiting in line at the Southwest ticket counter.
Parking is easy: the restaurant is in a strip mall.
this place has the best vegetarian combo, but beware... there is an item listed under "vegetarian" that blatantly lists beef as an ingredient.
i'm sure it was an error in translation.. just make sure to read what your ordering. the service is average to excellent depending on who's working but it is ethiopian just be happy its the best spot in vegas.
It's not everyday you get the chance to take a step into different parts of Africa and try this vast continent's food.  However, this past Saturday, we headed to Merkato for some eastern African fare - specifically, Ethiopian.

Located in the corner of a quiet strip mall, the dark windows can be deceiving.  Walking in, you'll notice a bar to the left and tables in the middle with a stage area in the back.  Guests of all ethnic backgrounds are dining (some Ethiopians, and by the end of the night, more non-Ethiopians).  We chose a table right in the middle.

Our waitress brought our menus over and took our beverage orders.  (Unfortunately, no special Ethiopian drinks were available.)  Not realizing this was the Husband's first time, I immediately took ranks on what to order.

* Yemisir Sambusa "Flakey vegetarian pastries stuffed with spiced lentils" ($1.50) - We ordered one of these, but I guess they forgot to put the order in for it.  It was just as well because we were so full with our main course that we were glad they forgot.  The waitress did apologize when I brought it to her attention.

* Vegetarian Combo "Great variety of vegetarian dishes." ($8.50) - This dish arrived laid out on a piece of injera, which is a large sourdough flatbread and has a bit of a spongy in texture.  It included Injera Salad, side salad, ground bean powder, yellow beans, green lentils, spinach, red lentils, and steamed cabbage and carrots.  Our favorites were the two variations of lentils, the spinach, and the yellow beans.  The bean powder one had a weird texture, similar to baby food.  Overall, everything was really good from the Vegetarian Combo and perfect enough for two to share.

* Kitfo "Ethiopian version of steak tartar, lean red chopped beef minced, blended and delicately seasoned in hot spice 'mitmita'." ($8) - After seeing Andrew Zimmerman's Bizarre Foods, we recalled him eating this raw beef and was definitely game to try.  We were so glad we did.  The waitress brought it to the table and placed it in the middle of the injera that was already laid out with veggies.  It had delicate hints of spice from the chili powder, and had a nice taste and texture.  It didn't seem overly meaty despite it being rare beef.  It had quite simple flavors actually.  It was a nice addition to our Vegetarian Combo and perfect enough to share.

A basket of injera bread also comes along to help you eat since there are no utensils for this part of the dining.  (You just use the bread to pick up whatever you want and pop it into your mouth.)

The waitresses were really friendly, although it does seem like they have sections. (Our waitress stepped out for a bit and I think we were forgotten.)  But it also seems like people really take their time here, so there's no rush for you to eat and leave. 

The Husband felt he had a really good first experience with Ethiopian food, which is definitely a plus.  I personally felt the aftermath of the hot chili powder in the next day, if you know what I mean.  

We'd definitely go back again for more kitfo and to check out their other dishes too.  And it's a bargain to eat here!

We were interested in the Special Ethiopian Coffee Ceremony, but it cost $15.  So we figure we'd save it for another day.

No AMEX accepted.
Ok. I don't know squat about Ethiopian food but being the gallant food adventurer that I am I soldiered into this place twice to place an order. 
I think I need to try this place a few more times and further educate myself before I can write an accurate review but it is so unique others should know about this restaurant. 

Both times I ordered had no idea what was going to come out but when it did I was blown away by flavor.  It was unlike anything I have eaten before. Very unique & defiantly good for a food adventure.
COMPETITION
This is the best of a trio of Ethiopian restaurants within about 1000 yards of each other. The other two are (1) Lali-Bela is one street north and (2) Axum (across the street). A fourth restaurant named Meskerem is in front of the convention center.

MANNERS
Eat with only your right hand. Very important! 

BEST ENTREE
I had the Kitfo "Ethiopian version of steak tartar, raw red chopped beef" ($8)  and an Ethiopian beer for $3.50 and sat at the bar. For $8 you couldn't finish the food and it is very tasty. Take a chance on the raw meat! If you are scared stick with lamb tibs.

SERVICE
Very friendly people, nice service, excellent cuisine and rock bottom prices. Waitresses are very attractive.  They speak in a very quiet vernacular of British-African English which can be difficult to hear.

DIRECTIONS
The strip mall is pretty seedy , and half the stores are empty. 

BUS: route #203 you catch on the Palazzo side under the overpass to the Wynn. Your 24 hour Deuce pass is also good for 24 hours on local buses. Try to be there on the half hour interval 15 minutes before or 15 minutes past the hour.

DRIVE: Less than 2 miles from this intersection, plenty of parking

WALK: Questionable at night, OK in the day. It is a half mile from the southern back entrance to the convention center. Head south on Swensen and make a left at the 7-11.
   If you walk between the Venetian and the Wynn you will follow the monorail route until you get to Paradise Ave. After you cross Paradise, Sands Avenue turns into Twain avenue and you begin passing McDonald's, gas stations and Latino themed strip malls, and apartments. The restaurant is about 1000 yards past Paradise Ave after you cross Swenson . There is a 7-11 on the end of the strip mall. The windows of Merkato are very dark, but it's near the corner of the L shaped building.
I absolutely loved the food! This was the second time I had Ethiopian food. Not only did the food taste great, but smelled yumm too!! Their portions are super large.  The ambience is very lunch-room types but the food more than makes up for it!! We ordered veggie combo & chicken yer bto (not sure if I remember the name right).
Cheap as hell and delicious!  Atmo isn't bad... linoleum floor and cheap furniture, but with interesting ethnic touches... and besides, who cares when the food is so delicious and so cheap?!?  I had the vegetarian sampler for 2 with a side of beef tibs.... totally awesome and fantastic!  They have a full bar and it's so cute to see the girls make drinks, since they probably don't drink themselves and have no idea what's in anything.  I had to tell the chick how to make a margarita (I was with my mom, cut me some slack) and she did a great job!  Anyhoo, this place is kinda in the ghetto, but don't be a puss.  Live a little!!  Check it out!
Wicked, wicked good! I'll be honest - this was my first experience with Ethiopian food, but was brought here by a friend that lived in Ethiopia for a while and is from a Eritrea. It truly was great food by any standard. The meats were fantastic and the spices were done nicely enough to not overshadow the flavors of the food. If you go try the kitfo (well done if you're not a fan of raw/rare beef), the lamb tebisi, and the final dish we had was kitfo done a bit differently being served in a ceramic dish with coals under - AMAZINGLY GOOD. The service is a bit slow, but meh, it's all good. The prices were stellar especially considering that you're in Vegas. When in Vegas I'll most certainly be back here.
If you enjoy having Ethiopian food, you'll really enjoy visiting Merkato. (This means you already know you won't get any utensils, and you'll be eating by tearing pieces of injera off and wrapping your food in it.) If you're into fancy places with three sets of forks, spoons, and knives, you should move along: there's nothing to see here.

Jon A. and I took the 203 bus from the Strip to visit Merkato for dinner on a Saturday night. Our waitress was happy to answer our questions (e.g., "We want a lamb entree, but which one would you recommend?"). We went all out and ordered three drinks: mango juice ($2) and two helpings of spiced tea ($1 each). The mango juice isn't fresh-squeezed; it's in a glass bottle and imported from somewhere. But it was delicious. And the spiced tea really hit the spot on this cold evening. It was regular ol' Lipton tea, but they'd added warm spices to the hot water used to steep the teabag in.

We ended up with the house kitfo ($10) and awaze lamb tibs ($8.50) based on our waitress's recommendations. Our entrees came on the same big plate with three sides in total: a salad, goat feta cheese, and stewed spinach. Even though we tried our best to stuff ourselves silly, we still couldn't finish everything, which was saddening to me because we had no fridge back at the hotel to preserve the leftovers in.

If I had to order all over again, I would have voted to order one meat entree and one vegetarian one: two meat entrees felt like a ton of meat for the two of us. (But it was very tasty.)

During the meal, a guy at another table showed off his ability to balance a chair on his chin at two different times. There's also a dance floor and stage off to the side: they probably have special events and musicians visit once in a while. The atmosphere was laid back and friendly, which I really appreciated.

When we were getting ready to go, we asked our waitress if she knew where the return bus stop was. Not only did she tell us where to go, but she also dug through her bag to look up the bus schedule for us. How sweet is that?

The verdict: Huge and delicious portions, sincerely friendly service, and very reasonable prices. I'm a fan of Merkato!

Extra hint: They have a coupon for buy one entree, get one 1/2 off until February 28 this year. (Maybe they'll have another offer on their website after that.) I did have to remind the waitress to apply it after she handed us the first draft of our bill, but she was apologetic and promptly fixed the mistake.
This was my first go at eating Ethiopian food and I really enjoyed it. The food did not look very appetizing but it was quite tasty, and fun...see, you eat with your hands. We were with another friend who had been here quite a few times before and she knew her way around the menu, so she ordered for us with a little help from our waitress. I honestly have no idea what we ate, but it was all good. It wasn't spicy but from what I understand we could have ordered our main dishes a tad bit more on the spicy side, had we not been novices. The service was a little lacking considering we were the only people in the place but the wait staff was nice enough.

It seems like this place is mostly a place for Ethiopians now living in Vegas to come hang out, listen to music, smoke, drink and just visit. There is a little stage with a microphone in the cafe that I suppose is utilized on the weekends with live music. By the time we left, the place was full and we were the only non Ethiopians in the whole place.

I will go back the next time I'm in Vegas. It was super cheap. ..$30 for three of us and we ordered WAY too much food. We could have ordered about 1/3 less and still walked away fat and happy.
This was my first experience with Ethiopian food.  I went with my boyfriend, who had tried the cuisine once before in a different city, and my roommate, who was another first timer.  

The restaurant itself is unassuming, but beautiful inside, with a colorful lit bar and tangerine colored walls.  The atmosphere was relaxed and friendly.  Like quite a few other reviewers, we were the only non-Ethiopians there.  From the moment we walked through the front door, the aroma of meat and spices tantalized our noses.

We started our meal with a round of yemisir sambusa - flaky fried pastries stuffed with spiced lentils.  One is enough per person.  They're quite large.  The combination of delicate, crispy pastry and toothsome lentils was delightful.  They came with small cups of spicy sauce for dipping, as well.

The three of us each ordered an entree, with the intention of sharing, so we could try as many new things as possible.  I ordered the Yedoro Wot, which is a chicken drumstick and a whole hard-boiled egg stewed in a rich, spicy sauce.  The chicken was incredibly tender.  The egg really soaked up the flavor of the sauce, and was a surprisingly good compliment to the chicken.  

My boyfriend ordered the Awaze lamb tibs.  They were so flavorful and juicy, stewed with onions and hot pepper paste; they may have been everyone's favorite dish.  

My roommate got the Special Kitfo:  seasoned raw beef mixed with cheese and spinach.  It was FANTASTIC.  I'm a fan of tartare to begin with, and this has to be one of the best presentations I've ever had.  If you have any courage in you at all to try raw meat, this would be your best chance.  Go for it.  You won't be sorry.

When the waitress brought the dishes to our table, she set down a giant platter in the center, covered with several pieces of fresh spongy flatbread.  She poured all the dishes directly onto the flatbread, as a communal serving dish.  There are, of course, no utensils.  Instead, the diner tears off pieces of bread, uses the bread to pick up the meat, and eats it together.  It's a wonderful, sensual way to dine.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys ethnic food.

Also worth noting:  the food is rather spicy, but you can order it mild if you prefer.

The service was also pretty good, if laid back.  Our waitress was happy to answer our questions about the cuisine and the menu.

We all left stuffed.  You can't find a more satisfying meal in this city for under ten bucks a person.  Amazing.  This place is a gem.
This was my first Ethiopian meal but will definitely not be my last.  I really appreciated the reviews on this restaurant as it helped us to decided which one to chose.  This place was comfortable and we were able to grab a spot against the wall by the 'dance floor' secluded enough for good conversations.  We got there at 5pm on a Friday night and stayed for a little over two hours.  We never once felt rushed or abandoned.

We got an appetizer of puffed pastry with lentils and ordered one for each of us but could have easily shared a single one and saved the room for the main meal.  For the meal, we ordered the veggie combo and went with the server's recommendation of a lamb dish and decided to go spicy.  I found the food delivery to be very fun and even though we were served forks, chose to use the bread for sopping up the food.  The lamb was excellent and we were fighting over the juice-soaked bread after it was all gone.  If you're into Indian food then you'll be happy with cuisine too.

The service was friendly and efficient and the price was unbeatable.  We got a few beers, two appetizers and two main courses for just over $30.  The one downer was the bathrooms, which to me say a lot about a place.  It was good enough, there was paper and soap and they appeared to be clean...but the doors and walls were filthy.  This bugged me but, not enough to keep me away.
My first time at Ethiopian cuisine after numerous failed attempts at getting someone to go with...I've been working on this for years but timing never worked out. Or maybe I just wasn't dating the right people or something ;)

So! after an attempt at a Chinese place that we found out was closed Sunday, here we were. The service was very relaxed so be ready for some people watching and good conversation.

We ordered the sambusa-puff pastry filled with lentils and vegetables-for an appetizer. One per person is more than enough they are very filling.

We also ordered the fish goulash and a deep fried beef dish with onions. I was nervous about the fish goulash for some reason, and of course as soon as I tried it I wondered why. It's a white fish chopped with vegetables in a delicious red sauce. The bread underneath soaked it all up!
The beef was good and something to order if you don't want any sort of sauce, but to be honest I will not order it again, just because I really enjoyed the sauce from the other dish together with the bread.
There was so much food for the two of us, we did take some home and eat it the next day. Everything was just as delicious. And so cheap! With a couple sodas, our appetizers, and all that glorious food coming out to about 25 bucks, I will be back for more! And often!
No joke, this is my most visited restaurant in Vegas right now. 
Some plates to try: probably every single one, except I haven't made it through the menu yet because I keep ordering the same delicious dishes.

The Gored Gored is my favorite! Beef cubes that are served raw (you can ask them to cook it a little for you, I switch between this and raw, I love both ways so much). They are seasoned with berbere, peppers, onions, and a red wine sauce. There is a pleasant amount of heat-just the type where you have to keep eating! I can't taste the red wine much because the sauce is more complex than the English description on the menu, as a matter of fact I have a tough time wrapping my head around what is really going on. Is there an Anthony Bourdain goes to Ethiopia or something? What you really should do is ask the servers. They are all pleasant ladies who love making recommendations, and always smiling. 

There are some ribs on the menu that we have ordered over and over again. They are deep fried in butter, nice and salty, and served with sauteed onions on a sizzling plate to your table. They are so addicting!

For a chicken dish go for the yedoro wot, or the leg and egg as we call it jokingly. A drumstick and hard boiled egg stew, also spicy. 

They have a fish goulash which is made with small cubes of firm white fish, with spice, peppers and onions. There are also a few veggie platters full of lentils, etc so everyone can eat happily together from the same platter of injera bread.

Another good one is the lamb wot which was some of the freshest, tastiest lamb I have had at a restaurant. There were all types of nice bones and joints to pull apart and suck on, or you can eat around the bones and enjoy the melting, tender lamb. Thank me later, seriously. 

I don't think I will ever be able to frequent another Ethiopian place after Merkato. Most orders are under $10, a few are more. Ordering 2 plates for 2 people is even too much sometimes and if we can't take things home we will order one and split it and still leave happy and full. We go at least twice a month or more, I really can't get enough. GO! NOW!
Nice restaurant.  The service was a little slow, but friendly and nice.  The food was well seasoned and spicy!  I wasn't sure if I liked the bread served with the food or not.  It's spongy and a little gummy.  I was craving a contrast of some texture!  All in all, I definitely recommend the experience!
Haven't tried any other African food, so I don't have anything to compare my experience to.  So I roll up to a hidden corner in the shopping center to find Merkato, and it doesn't have too much going on outside.  I walk in and a faint smell of incense hits me, awesome.  So I'm looking through the menu, and of course I zero in on kitfo. The server urged me not to order it because it's raw meat. I try asking for it again, and she urges me to go with beef tibs.  Finally, I relent and go with the tibs. 

The food comes out and I am thrown off by the injera bread.  I inferred what the concept is immediately, but didn't expect the spongy texture.  Not that the bread wasn't good, the distinct sourdough taste overwhelmed the flavor of the meat for me, so I go with picking up the meat and salad directly. I just figured it's really just the same as picking it up with the bread except more saucy.  I suppose I must have sounded crazy when I asked if any of their dishes comes without the bread, but the server did note that some come with rice. The tibs tasted very similar to meat prepared Indian style and wasn't very foreign to me. The meat itself was very tasty and seasoned perfectly.  I insisted to the server that I try the raw meat with rice next time.
I love ethiopian food and this place was great.  I so wish someone would open a place like this in Santa Fe or Albuquerque.  Only here for 3 days and we're definitely going back.
I went here with a big group and the staff was very accomodating, even to how loud our group was...we never got a dirty look or was asked to keep it down. Our waitress was very friendly and she took the liberty of picking out our order for the basic fact that none of us had ate ethopian food before and she didn't want us to have a bad experience. I couldn't tell you what we were served, but it was all delicious!! While I thought the food was good, its probably not a cuisine I would try again...to me its one of those, you have got to try everything once things and Merkato was a great choice for my first ethiopian food experience. The food is good, service is great, and its very reasonably priced...for 11 people, our bill came out to only about $96.00!
This restaurant gave me my first taste of Ethiopian food and I have been back several times since.

The waitress (and I want to officially dub her "THE" waitress because she is always the one I see there) is very kind and extremely helpful in helping first-timers pick something tasty from the menu. I always really enjoy their traditional chicken dish, but I think my favorite is the lamb. The vegetable assortment also adds a different texture and dimension to the food. It helps to add variety to the bites of sponge bread and meat.

I like variety, so I love family-style meals. And sharing is caring. This is the perfect place to go with a group, pick out a few entrees (or let the waitress decide), and just dig in.
I get the veggie platter to go several times a month. I love it! The service is good and it is ready and waiting for me when I arrive!
I love the sambusas also!
My fave Ethiopian is at Rahels on Fairfax in LA, but this is a close 2nd!!
Went here with a bunch of friends for a b-day party, and everyone was happy!  It was most people's first Ethiopian food experience, and all bellies left satisfied.  The kitfo (finely chopped raw beef with spices and clarified butter), yedoro wot (simmered chicken dish), yemisir wot (spicy simmered lentils), and sambusa (pastries filled with lentils) were all delish, although the gored gored (beef cubes cooked in a rosemary wine sauce) was the best!  The atmosphere here is better than Meskerem, but the food is pretty comparable.  They have a stage for live music, but the night we went they just had Ethiopian music videos playing (you can learn awesome dance moves to impress on the Strip after dinner). ;)
Just had Ethiopian food for the first time.  It's overall a good experience.  I thought it'd be a hole in the wall place but it's actually very nice inside.  The wall painting and the music create a nice relaxing island ambience.

  I'm still not too used to eating with my hands because sometimes I like a spoonful of yumminess.  My favorite was the chicken and lamb dishes.  The chicken was cooked in tomato based spicy sauce.  The lamb was cooked well with onion and jalapeño.  I didn't care much for their veggie platter.  The red and yellow colored been pastes didn't sit well with my taste buds.  The spinach, cabbage and a couple of other veggies were ok but nothing special.  I'd order more meat dishes if I go there again.  I also saw some beef dish on sizzling plates going to other tables looked very good.  The service was decent.
I live so close by and I'm so happy I do! Great food. Favorite is Lamb Awaze Tibs and for some reason, I really love their salad. $ price for ***** rating. I've also taken out from here plenty of times.

EDIT: I had to knock em down a star because the service is terrible. I think my favorite server that always helped us before is gone. She was literally there every time we ate or took food to go, but I haven't seen her the past 5+ times and everyone else SUCKS.
I almost always get the vegetarian platter because it's delicious, cheap, has a ton of variety, and is composed of different dishes every time I go.  One veggie platter serves two (leaving you either stuffed or with lefotvers), and coupled with two sodas puts you out under $12 (just add in tip).  Just a tip, either accept eating with your hands, or remember that silverware is BYO.

The veggie platters come with about six dishes, always one or two lentils, a split pea (yellow), some kind of green, often either cabbage or beets, a salad (seasoned with a vinagrette, sometimes spicy, sometimes not), sometimes green beans, and one or two other legume based things that are usually unidentifiable and delicious.  I love Ethiopian dishes, they are so warm, savory, and spicy - with complex flavors (I wouldn't even know where to start to imitate it at home), and the tangy, yeasty injera (spongy crepe-like bread) rocks my world.  

My favorites on the veggie platter are always lentils, split peas, anything involving the cooked cabbage (often coupled with potatoes and carrots), greens (sometimes collards, sometimes others, generally finely chopped and stewed until delicious), and anything involving beets (also generally coupled with potatoes).  You don't get a choice for what comes on the veggie platter, just whatever they happen to be cooking up in the kitchen that day.  I don't think I've ever eaten the same meal twice.

Expect the food to be plentiful and diverse, and the service to be friendly and slow (don't expect to be in and out of there in under an hour, and expect to have to ask for your check, and then maybe take it to the front to pay).  If you're even a slightly adventurous eater, like a lot of flavor to your meal and bang for your buck, Merkato should be on your "to do" list.
Solid food. Portions were great.  Sambusa was not cooked well hence the 3 stars.  The ingera vat was good and so were the curries.
I love this place. Everyone I tell that I eat the raw beef dish Kitfo thinks it is the weirdest thing ever, but when they try it they are converted. The one thing that bugs me is that despite coming here several times, everytime we order the kitfo they ask if we would like it cooked a little? No! we want the authentic deal. Also the injera bread is great; slightly sour, spongy and addictive. Really like the Tibbs dish. It is a funny contrast from raw (Kitfo) to well done, but both are great. Lastly I liked the dark Ethiopian beer. Cannot remember the name, but I liked it better than the St. George. All in all very good food.
This was the first time I tried ethopian food. I forgot the name of the dish I ordered but it tasted like chili with chicken. The portions are big. I think 3 people could get full off one dish. The staff was friendly and patient with all our questions.
As a former vegatarian (and now a dirty, dirty carnivore), I can say I've eaten a lot of Ethiopian food during my life.  And, this place ranks high.

It's located in an unglamorous, partially deserted stripmall (like most delicious LV restaurants).  And then you walk in....and...okay, not glamorous inside either.  Don't even go into the bathroom, trust me, you will be frightened.

But the food, the food.  I always order the vegetarian combo (some habits die hard) and at least one meat option.  The vegetarian combo has a great selection of dishes that includes cabbage, pureed vegetables, lentils and a salad.

My favorite meat dishes are the lamb tibs, gored gored,  and Kitfo. The lamb tibs and gored gored (cubed, cooked beef) are all marinated and served in delicious sauces. Do try the house Kitfo, the raw ground beef.  It may sound scary but it's really just ethiopian steak tartare (I told you i'm a really dirty carnivore now). 

Between two people, two entrees is wayyy more than enough to order.  All the entrees average from $8-$10 and everything is served on injera(the big, bread pancake).  Also, if you don't know, eat with your right hand and use the extra injera bread as your utensils.

Please note that service here is at a "leisurely pace."  Be prepared for an extended dinner as the waitresses, while super nice and pseudo attentive, are generally very busy and take a while to bring you the check.
It's different.  Maybe not my cup of tea, but you have to try this place once.

Prices are great.  Neighborhood shaky but my Ethiopian friend is a regular here and says it's fairly close to homemade!

The after dinner coffee is authentically prepared and I can only say WOW!
I was pretty excited about eating here as I've only been to one other Ethiopian restaurant in my life.  It was in NYC and terrible.

So after seeing all the reviews here, I definitely wanted to try this out.

I ordered the awaze lamb tips, which the waitress tells me is the spicy version of the lamb tip dish.  And I order the dark version of their Ethiopian beer.  The beer isn't bad.  I decide to try the light version and did not like it.  And honestly, the dark beer really isn't true dark beer.  Give it a try.

My plate comes out on a plate but on top of bread plate.  I was really excited after seeing the waitress bring out this enormous plate for another table with tons of food on the same bread.  The bread is spongy and cold!  I was a little shocked at the bread being cold.  I've eaten at a lot ethnic places that uses bread plate and it's typically served warm to hot.  This was the 1st time I've had it cold.  So obviously, you don't get any utensils to eat with your meal.  My lamb was really tough which definitely took away from my experience.  And I kept on thinking that the meal would have tasted better if the bread had been warm instead of cold-but what do I know?  I guess this is the culture.  Here's the thing that made me not give this place a 2 star rating.  It's really, really fun to eat with your hands.  It really made me want to go back and try the other foods.  So hopefully I'll have an update in the future for this place and raise my rating.
Very tasty food and friendly staff...must go...
Phenomenal! Excellent service, delicious food, and a fantastic coffee service, all at reasonable prices. What more could you ask for?
I've never had Ethiopian food, but this was a good experience. The restaurant doesn't look like much on the outside, but that definitely changes once you see the indoor decor. I enjoyed the authentic food that was provided here, my order was the whole fish with rice and salad. I don't know what that sauce is called but it had a nice spicy kick to it. All of the food was delicious and I'm glad I stopped by.
Bored from the same old Asian cuisine me and my friends chow down on a daily basis, we wanted to try something different.  Hell, why not Ethiopian food??  So I did some research and found this jewel of a restaurant in a run-down mall on Twain and Swenson.

The restaurant is modestly decorated with some traditional Ethiopian art, and they even have a legit Ethiopian coffee experience you can purchase for about $15 I think?  They also had a stage in the restaurant so I'm assuming they have live music at specific times as well.

The food was good, but it's an acquired taste.  The bread was a bit sour for my taste buds, but the chicken was good and deliciously marinated.  Although it wasn't fitted for my taste, I respect the fact that the food was not standardized to appeal to average consumers; It's as real of an Ethiopian dish you can get.  I can see that it may be highly enjoyable after I build an acquired taste for it.

I gotta say the service was wonderful, and that's what earned the fourth star for me.  The server greeted us and constantly filled our waters, helped us with whatever we needed, and even other people eating engaged in conversations with us.  It may be in a run-down mall and whatever, but the people are very friendly.  All in all, it's definitely somewhere I would go with friends or families in town looking for an experience.

PROS: Original Ethiopian food, service is great
CONS: Location is a bit meh, it's an acquired taste
I wanted to like it. I really did.

A friend and I went in here based on the Yelp reviews she read and, never having ethiopian cuisine before, we were excited for the experience. 

The flavors could have been good, but the food was gritty, hot food was cool, cool food was warm. We're not texture freaks usually, and we knew that it was a new cuisine for both of us... but this couldn't be right. The bread didn't scare us, the idea of no silverware was fine, and the various textures/preparations on the meat dishes were a welcome change (and, we hoped, an exciting new experience). 

We talked to the waitress who explained some of the preparation process. The idea of the mortar and pestle are cool - I love people who still use those - but grit in the food? Not so much.

We tried a combination platter and a few other things to make sure we were getting a broad spectrum of flavors and techniques. Overall, we liked the idea behind it and found some stuff we liked (the spice and flavor profiles were new to us and we enjoyed them!), but the grit really overshadowed what could have been a decent meal.

Adding to the "meh" is that the place just seemed dirty. Not old and well used, but dingy and in need of a good wipe down. 

Two pluses, which helped push this to a 2 star review... (A) Coffee and teas. I don't know what it was or how it was done, but it was all strong, flavorful, and hit the spot. (B) Price. We ordered enough food to feed two tables and the tab was barely $20.

Going back is on the table, so to speak; we have considered another go to see if it will be different/improved. After finding Blue Nile, however, I would be hard pressed to go back to Merkato if I didn't have to.
Any excuse to forgo utensils, eat with my hands, and not be frowned upon is alright in my book. Ethiopian food is one of those cuisines that I am not familiar with and it might take some time to get used to. 

I knew going in that this cuisine was friendly towards those who have dietary restrictions or are vegetarians. Merkato offers a vegetarian plate that can easily serve two people. The meal comes out on a large platter lined with the traditional bread and eight generous samples of different items. There were two styles of lentils, sauteed cabbage and carrots, spinach, a lettuce and tomato salad, a chilled salad using the injera bread, and two types of paste. It is enough food for two grown men to leave satisfied. At first we were surprised by the injera because it was cold to the touch, spongy, and then when eaten had a strong sour taste. After the initial shock, it did not hinder us from ripping at the three large rolls that came with the meal. The fun in eating is finding the best combinations of flavor. The two curry-esque powder items were good on their own, but when mixed with the spinach or the cabbage they were even better. The lentils had an al dente texture and were my favorite. When we were finished, we left feeling satisfied for only $10.81 before tip.

This experience has left me excited to come back and try more.
A hidden gem in the desert!  Being a foodie, I enjoy exploring the city in search of little hole in the wall restaurants and ethnic fare.  This place is no exception.  Located in a non-nondescript shopping center in a rougher part of town, Merkato Cafe serves some of the best Ethiopian food in Las Vegas.  Upon entering, don't let the drab interior deter you: the food speaks for itself.  Whenever the mood strikes, my girlfriend and I order our usual: veggie combo with Kitfo (raw steak tartare) to the amusement of our servers.  The meal is traditionally eaten by hand and no utensils but can be provided upon request.  The portions are huge, healthy and best of all, delicious!  We can never finish off the meal and get it packed up.  For the veggie combo, meat entree and a drink, all can be had for a mere $20!  great deal for a great meal!  Highly recommended!
People think i love giving bad reviews when in all actuality I root to give good reviews because when in an establishment I look forward to having a good time. I just I gave this establishment a 1* for the following reason.  Lets make this in bullet point form.

1.)  After we sat down, we got our menus 10 mins after and it wasn't busy.

2.)  Food takes a while to prepare.  Maybe my hunger just made my impatience stronger because it seemed like forever before we received our orders.  But that's probably normal.

3.)  Decoration was minimal. There wasn't much thought into making the restaurant look appealing and welcoming.

4.)  Lastly, the owner doesn't seem to care about customer service or whether people will want to come back or be given a bad verbal review because when we presented our coupon for the meal,
(a) the server didn't know how to use it or what it was which only means the owner doesn't communicate things like that to his employees.
(b) when she called the owner to find out how to use it, he wouldn't pick up the phone.  She dialed almost 7 times. It took my cousin to use his phone, a different number, for the owner to pick up.  Obviously, employees calls aren't important but unknown numbers are.
(c) he subscribed to the coupon, my cousin paid for the coupon, and the owner wouldn't accept it.  The coupon was purchased for $15 and worth $30.  Our bill came to $31 and some change.  We ended up having to pay because the owner wouldn't accept the coupon he obviously agreed to. 

The only reason why I'm even bothering to give a star is because the food was really good.  The cook was great in preparing our dishes and for the server who was helpful and sweet and patient with us. 

Moral of the story, as great little businesses are, one of so many sometimes forget that customers will talk to other people or blast a review in yelp about the awesome or awful experiences we have in establishments.
I do not enjoy giving bad reviews, but based on principle, I have to give Merkato one star.

First, I should state that the dining experience itself was good. We enjoyed the food. Being Filipino, we grew up eating with our hands. The prices are cheap. We went with a combination sampler plate for $15, which gave us a great introduction to their cuisine. We also ordered their whole fish dish for $10. It actually came with two nice sized fish and a large plate of rice with tasty sauce.

If you want, you can stop reading here and head on over to try their food. You'll probably enjoy it.

Everything was going well until it came time to settle the bill. I had a TownHog certificate for $30. I had mentioned it before we ordered, but suddenly the server said she didn't know what to do with it. She tried calling the owners but was unable to reach them after several attempts. Strangely enough, when she had me call using my phone, they picked up right away.

To cut to the chase, the owner said he would not honor the coupon. He said he had called the company back in June and told them he no longer wanted to participate. So after sitting there for a long time, we ended up paying and leaving with a very bitter taste in our mouths.

I just got off the phone with TownHog. The representative said that because Merkato has already been paid, she would have to call them to confirm that they refused the coupon before I can get a refund. They've already been paid? That just makes the situation worse. It's just not right. You agreed to sell these coupons in order to get people into your restaurant. That's exactly the reason I was even there in the first place. It's essentially marketing and it worked. It got me into your shop.

It's really a shame because we did enjoy the food. But there's no way I can return based on that ordeal. Luckily, there are other Ethiopian joints around town with similarly good reviews.
We are from the Bay Area and are used to good Ethiopian food. This place was better than expected for Las Vegas but not as good as any of the food you can get in Berkeley.  The menu had a beef dish under the vegetarian options and left off about 4 of the vegetarian options they did have. We got the veggie combo, and even though there are only 2 vegetarian options on the menu, all of the traditional vegan options were served.  Our waitress was nice, but didn't seem to speak English very well.  In any event, if you are familiar with Ethiopian food and know what you want when you walk in, you'll likely get a much better meal for the money than what you'd get on the strip (especially if you are a vegan or veggie).
The food here is delicious! The staff was very helpful and patient as we tried to figure out what to order. We ordered the daily special (I haven't a clue what it was called) and had plenty to share between 3 of us and still had a jam packed doggie bag! We also had the lentil appetizer which was divine. I tried the Ethiopian beer and found it be light, refreshing, and delightful. A wonderful meal and it only cost $20 to feed 3 of us!
Awesome food!  I don't have anything other Ethiopian spots to reference this place against but I'm surely convinced that this spot is the jams!  We opted for the Vegetarian platter.  A whole plate of Ethiopian dishes (none of which I remember, but the orange one is awesome!) smattered on Ethiopian bread and super tasty.  The fun part about it is that I used my hands and the bread to eat the whole time; no utensils required.  Also, the same night we went, they decided to have a coffee ceremony and asked us if we would like to have a complimentary cup.  After little debate, we agreed to try some coffee.  It did take a while (like 30 minutes) but the coffee was awesome!  Light and tasty is how I remembered it.  Definitely something to try if you ever get a chance to stop in.  It is in a crappy neighborhood but don't let that scare you off.  Good food and good coffee and definitely a good time.
We went there a few weeks ago and i forgot to write a review. I went with my foodie buddies, DJ and Jennilee, and my kids. My son is allergic to nuts and seafood and when i asked if they have that in their dishes, they couldn't understand so we had to buy food at 7-11 next door for him (which is fine for me because i'm used to that... but it may be inconvenient for others).  I forgot the names of the things we tried but i remember what they were. the first dish was an appetizer described as a spicy lentils in a puff pastry. it was delicious! But fair warning, the red sauce that comes with it has kick. Next we had the veggie platter, it is HUGE the size of a large pizza with the sour tasting, foam looking "pita bread" that is used as your utensils. It had some hummus-looking portions around the platter and as well as salad, lentils, and other Indian-like dishes that you scoop up with your sponge bread. All of them were tasty but i got sick of the sponge bread because of the sourness. We also ordered a dish with spicy red sauce and 1 chicken leg and 1 egg. it was pretty good. Then we ordered a beef cube dish and it was super good--no sauce, just seasoned meat. it was a good experience but i don't think i would go back again. except maybe for that puff pastry :)
The BF and I have been wanting to try this veggie friendly place for a bit. 

We got the veggie sampler, side salad,  yemisir sambusa ( lentil puff pastry). 

Side salad came first and out came a huge family style platter. We barely even touched this as it wasn't needed. It was just simple salad of greens and tomatoes oddly with Italian dressing. There was a mixup though and while we wanted a side salad the lady gave us a full size. The veggie platter comes with a little salad so I don't think its needed. 

Then the yemisir sambusa came and for $1.50 is a large pastry filled with lentils. I was expecting a small samosa sized thing. It was pretty good and filling with all the lentils. There was a side of a horseradish-y paste to accompany it.

Vegetarian platter- came with lots of goodies and it was all delicious. It doesnt seem like a lot of food at first, but when you eat it with injera it hits like a brick. We had a cold lentil salad, some greens and tomato salad, cold injera salad, braised cabbage and carrots, red lentil, yellow lentil, collard greens, curry paste. With the platter and the yesmisir sambusas the BF and I were full and we would definitely order that again and skip the salad. 

Service was just OK. There was plenty of waiting around after eating for a box and then it was a long wait for a check to come to us. It seemed usual so don't expect a speedy place. 

The food here is really cheap and the quality and flavor is great so I will be back!
SO good!  Vegetarian platter is amazing...so much food and all healthy too.  Also recommended by the owner was the spice tea that cleanses out the system.  Great place in Vegas
I feel bad. Giving a one star. I feel horrible, even though I shouldn't give a crap.

At work, my coworker, Tesfaye (I'm sorry if I slept your name wrong) let me try his lunch... He said, just dig in with your fingers. I lOvE that. Just EAT! 

The reason I went here is because Ty is Ethiopian. In the break room, the left overs were flavorful and great!! That one bite made me crave a new culture of food I couldn't believe I have never tried.

Straight away I told my fiance, we're going to eat Ethiopian food. Soon. 

Ty told me which places were good in Vegas. He said this was the best food wise. Couple other's were good, one which has bad reviews on yelp.....but, because this was the best we went here!

Sunday, just past 2pm. We drive into the ghetto strip mall (which I love when it comes to food). People are leaving from the establishment as we arrive. And.. we walk in.

The place is empty. Well, there were two females one older and bitter, one younger and chipper... but the place was empty of customers. 

We choose a table with our son, get the high chair, and wait. And wait... and then we wait. I waaaved my hand, and we waited. Finally we got attention!

YES! We can try authentic Ethiopian food!! This is what I wanted my fiance to try! She went to Hong Kong with me while she was pregnant and we still haven't had this fare. 

The 'waitress'? Comes over. We kind of know what to expect, but still have questions. 
Fiance orders the Salmon. 

I specifically ask what the difference is between their different lamb dishes. Response is, YES, you wont just the one fish? Fiance says YES! She points to the same Salmon dish on the menu. Answer is OK.....ok

My turn, again. I ask for the lamb wot dish? Or more importantly please tell me what the different lamb dishes are... The description's look amazing. My taste buds are going crazy I just want to eat even though I have never in my life eaten in a place that has no customers!!!! (Seriously I don't think I have) 

Answer-Noooo.. just this one... 'server' pointing to the first lamb dish I pointed to... so.. OK I order that.. With confidence for sure. 

But then, the food comes.

My dish comes first. The flavor of the sauce is exactly what my taste buds wanted to experience, but the substance.

The delicious beef with bone stew flavor that they served me was what I expected Ethiopian food to be in flavor, but, it wasn't Lamb!

What did I order? Lamb.

Patti's dish comes...... LOL yeah, you think that's Salmon. She told the server the specific number on the menu of what she wanted. The server brought the fish the kitchen wanted to get rid of.

My fiance is too kind to complain. We should have. The 'server' said "TRY IT" "IT'S GOOOOD"... Patti said... yes... it is...... So she ate her white fish.

but WOW. 

When I paid, the owner looking guy walked away when he heard me asking the question "If I come again will you give us what we order"?

ARE YOU KIDDING ME? 

Think about this. When is the last time you have been to a 'restaurant' and been served something you didn't order. Entirely.

And ate it. OK. The food was OK to eat. With the horrible taste in our mouth of being screwed over unfortunately. My dish just tasted like a nice Mexican beef stew that I'm cooking right now at home. But, ugh, the fish... yeah... it was deep fried fish you can get from anywhere frozen. THANKS!

WOW.

I guess I need to come here with Ty in order to appreciate it. That's really sad to me.

This dinning experience was actually the worst in my life. It's a zero star for sure. Now I have about a decade of work to do convincing my fiance to try Blue Nile... she's completely done with Ethiopian food as of right now. 

(Ambiance was nice, if there were other people? Everything was clean, but when you have my experience you don't even recognize ambiance)
Awesome, delicious, yummy fabulousness!!!
This is a decent place. I deduct some points for the ambience and locality, which makes this place seem shady. When it comes to the food, it's a good place, although I could claim to have had slightly more flavorful Ethiopian food. It has good hours for the city that it caters to. From the crowd that was flocking here, it seemed fairly authentic (I don't mean to be racist, but it's a good indicator). They serve you mineral water bottles so you can be sure they mean good. :)
We found this restaurant through Yelp and couldn't be happier with our choice to get off the strip for something unique. I would recommend driving or catching a bus, but we made it there by walking. We ate so much delicious food that the walk home was a little painful, but well worth it. Don't be shy with your server and let them know if it's your first time eating Ethiopian food. On a side note, you have to go to this place thinking "Ok, I'm going to try something new." It's not the cool thing to do in Vegas, and it's not a great place to impress a blind date (unless she's a totally awesome chick who's into trying new ethnic foods. In that case, this is perfect). Don't expect anything fancy, just good food, nice servers, and delicious beer.
Went there yesterday, the food was delicious, I ordered them beef ribs and my BFF had them kibee, the bread was awesome.....going back real soon!
Don't come here if you've never had Ethiopian food before. The wait staff won't be able to guide you or describe anything since they have difficulty with English.

Come back once you are familiar with the cuisine. All the lamb tibs are incredible, grilled to perfection and seasoned just right. They have the second best Doro Wot I've ever had (1st is a place in Oakland), and the lentils (Shiro Wot is what we got) were delicious as well. I didn't have any beef dishes so I can't speak for those.

They do have Ethiopian coffee and tea, despite the menu not saying so.
I found this restaurant due to some research.  I knew I was going to be visiting Las Vegas and in addition to all of the fine dining opportunities, I wanted to see what cultural food I could find in Vegas that maybe I couldn't find in my own hometown.  I know there are a couple of Ethiopian restaurants in south Florida, but I had never been to one so I figured I'd try this one out.  The funny thing is that only 30 minutes before I walked into the door of this restaurant I had just finished a meal!  I was at Mint Indian Bistro because I wanted to try Nepalese and Tibetan food.  But as I finished my meal I saw that this restaurant was nearby.  Despite being full, I ventured here for the opportunity to try Ethiopian food. To give my stomach a break, I walked from the first restaurant to this one.

Luckily, it took the food awhile to come out and that gave me the opportunity to make some more space in my stomach.  My waitress was very friendly.  First, she helped by explaining some of the Ethiopian cuisine.  Next, she recommended a meal for me to try.  Finally, when my meal came she showed me how to use my fingers to eat everything.

Naturally I tried an Ethiopian beer with my meal.

On my goal to try different cultural foods I can say that I have tried Ethiopian food.
A-OK.

A tell tale sign that a restaurant is any good if you find that the majority of the patrons are of the same culture.  Well, this one was mixed, and really the standard still holds.

I would consider my palate to err on the adventurous side, and I had Ethiopian once before.  The friends who introduced me to it didn't think I could handle a particular dish, so of course, I made sure my next opportunity fulfilled my curiosity.  Kitfo is the Ethiopian version of steak tartar, and I won't lie that the thought of it took some intrinsic strength to order.  Even the waitress at first tried to steer me away from it at first, and then tried to convince me to have it cooked instead of raw.  I reasoned with her that I wanted to try it as it should be.  A different waitress served it to me and said I'd be hooked.  Well, that might be true if only they didn't cook it anyway.  Granted, not all the way through, but it did see some high heat for at least a few moments.  This deeply disappointed me because I was willing, yet for some silly reason, they weren't.  It basically looks like ground meat served on flat, sour-dough along with spinach and cheese.  Using the bread, which I'm a fan of, as a utensil, I tried it in every combination: just meat, meat with cheese, meat with spinach, meat with cheese & spinach, etc.  Conclusion was that in every way, despite not receiving it authentically, it was good.  I'm not sure, even after asking, what spices they used, but it was a delightful combination.  Spinach and cheese weren't anything special, but added contrasting textures -- which I think was the point.  Surprisingly filling too.  Will I regularly order Kitfo? Probably not, but I'm still glad I gave it the half-assed attempt.

Very apparently if you're not Ethiopian by some measure, you just might be missing out on something.  I saw the service is leagues better if you are.  Also they won't tone down whatever you order I guess.  Not a pleasant thing to have to say, but somehow I can empathize.
My wife and I are pescatarian, so no meat.  Merkato has a delicious vegetarian sampler for $10 that fill both of us up.  The flavors are more pronounced than at other Ethiopian places, which is good.  I'm told they have excellent meat and fish dishes, too.
One star downgrade due to the place doesn't look that clean, and the wait staff can be slow to serve non-native customers.  But we've been here several times, and do love the food, and the value is amazing.
Server aren't professional at all. Good authentic Ethiopian food. Horrible service. No thank u. I can make it @ home.
My first time eating ethopian food.  I appreciated the distinct culture and flavors that this restaurant brought to the table.  They had someone walking around spreading a smoke that gave off an aroma which mimiced what i assume it may smell like in Ethopia.  Inside it could be a whole world away from vegas, but a quick walk away from the strip.  I must say the food might not be for everyone.  It was different.  That is to say everyone's pallett is different.  I didn't really get blown away but did appreciate some of the new flavors and textures.
I cannot say enough about the service here. I was recently here for dinner with my sister while on vacation and thought I'd stop by here due to the amazing reviews. The restaurant was pretty packed as we entered. As we were seated, I noticed that we were not handed a menu. So we sat and waited about 15 minutes before being given a menu. We were basically left to sit in the corner for about an additional 20 minutes. I was a little confused as to why things were taking so long. I mean the reviews on Yelp were really good. The customer service I found was extremely lacking, as our order was taken the waitress walked off and had not asked us if we wanted anything to drink. So I had to ask her myself. I told her that me & my sister wanted water and she returned 5 minutes later with bottle water (which a glass of free water would have been sufficient) The food took a while to come which did not surprise me at this point. The food was good not GREAT!!! The portion was large which is probably the only reason I gave them 2 stars. After we finished our meal, we could have basically walked out of the restaurant, I doubt they would have noticed anyways with the way things were going. I walked up to the counter and stood in front of the cashier to pay my bill. She took her sweet time and didn't even realize I was there until one of her co-workers pointed it out to her. From here it took her about 5 minutes to hand me my bill and change. She did not even say thank you when she gave me my change. No tip was given obviously. I would not return to this restaurant due to the poor service.
My wife and I went here after becoming fatigued by the lack of reasonable dining choices at the luxury casino restaurants.  We thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience.  Eating with the bread was new and fun for us, and we each enjoyed at least 80% of the fare we had on the sample platter.
One word: Kitfo.  Their special kitfo is VERY spicy (ask them to tone it down if you're sensitive), but divine.  It is better than any other Ethiopian place in town in my opinion.

To be more specific and very blunt:
The area is a bit dicey, esp. at night, but the parking lot is well lit.
If you send the kitfo back to be cooked (it's raw), you'll get a hairy eyeball from the chef (normally a woman)--I watched 2 tables nearly get mowed down by her stare when they sent it back to be cooked.
If you are NOT Ethiopian and look Caucasian, you often will be seated away from the Ethiopian and non-Caucasian patrons.  I've been there five times. EVERY time, I'm way away from everyone else.  Once the servers and staff realize you know what you're ordering, the service could NOT be better and they are as sweet as can be. Otherwise, good service but not overly prompt.
I was told by several Ethiopian friends that it's bad manners to not eat all the food in front of you--when my 3 friends and I apparently ordered too much and asked to take it home, the cook came out and asked if we liked the food.  The waitress confirmed, when I asked, that taking food home is a sign of displeasure.  I assured them is was  WONderful but I was full (and patted my beef belly). 

I've had the lamb (beware--not delicate to eat--bones and gristle are in it still) and it was very good, and all the kitfo's but the Special Kitfo (with sweet goat cheese, spinach--I think--and hot peppers) is by far the best.  It doesn't look like much but my boyfriend and I swore it just kept multiplying on the plate.

This would be 5 stars, and my experience has been 5 stars, but I have seen the staff react negatively--never rude but in terms of a glare or a hard stare--at customers who, I think in their minds, should "know better" than to send raw food back to be cooked.
We went here on Sunday when we found out another place was closed. We were hungry and wanted to sit someplace cool.
The service was just OK. They weren't rude, just not very interested in serving us. When we got there all the servers were at a table eating.....
The food was filling and the portions were very large but lacking in flavor and spice. I like spicy food so that was a disappointment.
All in all it was OK and I could go there again to see if it was just an off night.
Out of town couple who love Ethiopian food went here based on a recommendation from an Ethiopian cab driver.   Our general rule of thumb - if the cab drivers eat here, it will be good.  We actually came here twice during our week long visit to Las Vegas because we enjoyed the food so much.

Food was fantastic, inexpensive and generous.  The veggie combo - which we usually order at Ethiopian places - had something like 9 items on it!!!  The service was friendly and accomodating if a little uneven.  Clearly a family run restaurant that probably caters mostly to the local community at a relaxed pace.

The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that overall the restaurant could be cleaner.
This review should be split into two categories: service and food quality.  The food was 5-stars.  Flavorful, generous, and delicious.  The service was 2 stars.  Our party was one of two in the entire restaurant.  Due to the fact the 3 servers were seated in another part of the restaurant catching up, I had to get up and request water and other things we needed.  From start to finish, lunch for 3 people took close to 1.5 hours between waiting for service.  Always happy to find a good Ethiopian restaurant and definitely recommend the food here.  Just plan on the extra time for the waiting you will do.
Modest in location, yes. But the important thing about this restaurant is when you walk inside and are introduced to the DELICIOUS cuisine! It is a little quiet, but the servers are kind and helpful about what to order. If you have never eaten here, I would recommend the veggie combo platter which can feed 2 people easily, maybe even 3 if you aren't starving. It comes with three pieces of that delightfully spongy, and slightly tangy heaven of a bread also known as injera which you can rip apart and fill with as many different combos of food as you like. 

I also recommend the sambussa, which is a lentil-filled turnover of goodness fried to perfection, add some hot sauce and your life will be complete. The best part of all of this, you eat with your HANDS! (staying true to Ethiopian tradition). If you don't mind getting your hands a little dirty, but do love exquisite and diverse tastes swirling around in your cheeks, this is the perfect place for you. 

We ate for two and spent less than $15. Bon Appetit!
I -really- wanted to enjoy myself at Merkato Ethiopian Cafe.  I've never had Ethipian food and my companion had only enjoyed once so we decided to go to the highest rated place in Vegas that was the cheapest - Merkato seemed to be a great choice.

We have been doing 30 days of vegetarianism so we decided on the pastries with lentils as an appetizer and the vegetarian combo that most people on Yelp rave about. 

I found it a bit strange when the vegetarian combo came out without the pastries/lentils - but figured that they would bring it out later or forgot to get it. She spooned a red chili-consistency food onto the sponge-bread plate that was the vegetarian combo. At this point I had finished my water before beginning to eat. 

Everything tasted good; the Injera (spongey bread) went well with everything but I found that it might have tasted better if it was warm instead of cold (not a beef with the restaurant). My companion took a bite and pulled something out of her mouth. This is where things took a turn for the worse.

She showed me a small black rock that was in the yellow food that looked like mashed corn. I thought it might be a seed, and she dropped it on her plate - making a loud chink sound. I felt it and we definitely agreed it was a rock. A rock in our food? Really? 

A waitress never adressed if we were doing okay; but to be fair they were busy chatting with each other ALONE at the bar instead of helping their customers. My water was empty the whole dinner and was never refilled. I had to walk to the waitresses and ask them for the check. 

This is when the second strike happened.

The check read a vegetarian platter and then an $8 appetizer that we did not order. Instead of giving us the pastry, they had given us a more expensive appetizer that they had scooped on to the plate. However, there was no way we could have known this during dinner because 1.) nothing was ever explained to us what each thing was and 2.) they appetizer apparently came at the same time as the vegetarian platter (and the description of the vegetarian platter is vague on the menu). 

I asked if they could take some of the cost off of the appetizer - I acknowledged  that maybe there could have been more communication, but it really was a mistake on the waitresses part for taking down our order wrong. She said "Oh no, because that's good stuff and you're taking it to-go." to which I responded "I don't want to waste your food, if you want to throw it away and take some of the charge off i'm okay with that;" She said she couldn't do anything and was completely unreceptive and unapologetic. Her view was that we should have told the waiter that we had received the wrong appetizer. 

My companion told her and showed the the black rock that was found in the food. No emotion. No apology. She just said "Oh..." Are you kidding me? We were astounded by how terrible the service was.

Poor communication takes two parties, but they really dropped the ball on this one.
Poor waiting service because I had to get up to ask for the check and no one came to check on us - they weren't busy with anything else but conversing with each other.
Poor kitchen - there was a rock in the food. A rock.

I'm very upset. I'm very sad that I'm writing a poor review; before this my companion always joked that I always have a great time and enjoy all dining experiences. That streak is over. Thanks a lot Merkato; avoid this place at all costs just in principle of the way they treat their customers.

Restaurants that care more about money than sharing an experience with their customers don't deserve to be open - there are too many passionate and loving business owners/workers that are struggling to support an operation like Merkato.
Great food, great experience, and just few min. cab drive from the strip! It was awesome, highly recommended.
If you love funky, authentic, inexpensive "hole in the wall" ethnic restaurants this is a great stop.  It is open super late - a lot of Ethiopian cab drivers stop in for grub.  They have live music at times.  The service was attentive and easy.  You get so much food - a vegetarian platter for $10 easily feeds 2.  A family feel.  I would definitely go back.
I really wanted to like this place. Gave it a second chance too. Our lamb wasn't cooked at all, cold and chewy rare is not a pleasant way to eat it. We asked it be taken back and cooked a little more and they took us at our word. "A little more" was all it got. Not even warm.
 We also asked for any of their specialty hot sauces and had to ask twice more before anything was brought out. My boyfriend likes spicy food and so do I.
The waitress didn't make any attempt to talk to us and we felt unwelcome like the first time. 
I hate to say it but if this is a locals hang out they definitely don't warm up to anyone new. Last chance and it was a fail.
Great experience!  I brought a friend to try Ethiopian food for the first time.  We shared the veggie combo and the house kitfo.

Service was a little slow but we were taken care of.  We were offered a traditional style coffee that was made in the dining area with some bread.

The incense was quite strong and created a hazy atmosphere.
My husband and I have dined here several times and we always enjoy it. They make us feel very comfortable and never out of place. The food is also very delicious. We highly recommend it! It is laid back, and not a really fancy place for those looking for a  fancy dinner.
Excellent food, service and friendly atmosphere....the coffee ritual is a must if you visit. Had lunch today with 5 friends and we all agreed we will be returning soon.

Oh and my 10 month old daughter and she was nicknamed princess by the servers who were very conscious of her and took the time to hold her and  helped me keep her entertained as we ate.

Very friendly and family like atmosphere.
My favorite Ethiopian restaurant to date! This will definitely be on the list any time I return to Las Vegas. I found this place using yelp reviews and was so happy to find a local restaurant away from the mega buffets on the strip!

My husband and I love flavorful/spicy cusine, being Indian American and we loved this place! The portions are huge and there is so much variety. 

We ordered the lentil sambosas to start and they were a perfect way to start the meal( they come with a meat filling as well). We ordered the vegetarian platter to share and wow we could barely finish it. There were at least 6 or 7 different vegetables/salads to try. See the pictures! I really like the yellow lentil dishes. The injera bread was spongy, soft and fresh. It was perfect to scoop all the different veggie preparations. There was also a cold injera bread salad, which wasn't out favorite( a bit to sour and cold). 

It seems like they have entertainment on some nights and they have some tables with authentic table side cookware. You can tell this place is popular with locals( how do you know an ethnic restaurant is good? When you see people from that ethnicity's background as the majority eating there. My husband and I use the same gauge for Indian restaurants. 

This place actually made our trip!
I was meeting with an uncle today from Taiwan, and I wanted to take him to a place he wouldn't find back home.  I was only a touch concerned that he might be off-put by the exterior of the restaurant located in a seemingly half abandoned strip mall.  Fortunately, Merkato pulled through for me with their incredible food.  

In total, the entire group totaled 8 people.  We ordered two of the vegetarian platters, 6 lentil sambosas, and chicken, fish, and lamb dishes(I believe the protein dishes were tibs).  Though everything was good, the group favorite was the lamb.  No protein was dry. Even the fish dish was perfectly cooked with a crust on the outside and moist on the inside.  The vegetarians platter came out no more than 15min after ordering (so you know that not everything was ready made and just plopped on the platter.  Then the proteins came out.  The waitress squeezed the meats between the veggies on the injera platter.  Lastly, came the basket of injera. 

Now if only they would serve tej and mushroom shiro!

This will now be my go to Ethiopian restaurant in Las Vegas.
I am so glad that I read previous reviews and ordered what other people ordered. This was my Husbands and my first time trying Ethiopean food. We have been talking about it for at least 2yrs so needless to say I was very excited to try this place while we were in Las Vegas. We ordered the Vegetarian Combo and the Kitfo, as well as the puff pastry appetizer that was filled with lentils. EVERYTHING was amazing! The Injera made for an overall great dining experience.  All of the staff was very friendly and attentive. Don't let it's humble outward appearance fool you. If I had to change anything it would be to have cloth napkins and maybe some updated menus. Overall a great first time experience and we will be returning!!!
Oh. My God.

Special Kitfo. Get it Raw.

Don't buy any crack outside, though.

This place is a win.

But I'm serious about the crack. It's cheaper up the street.
Don't read too much into my rating because this was my first experience with Ethiopian cuisine.  This place may make amazing Ethiopian food, I would not know.  I have been wanting to try Ethiopian food for a long time.  Well, today I got my chance.  The food was interesting, but I did not like it.  The restaurant is in a bad area close to the strip.  There was a thick, stinky haze of incense wafting through the air.  I did not like that.  The TV was blaring music videos in what I assume is the language spoken in Ethiopia.  We went during lunch on Thursday, but the restaurant was almost completely empty.  The waitress tried to help but the language barrier was too much.  I ordered YeDoro Wot, which is chicken cooked in butter and sauteed onions, seasoned with garlic, fresh ginger, and pepper herbs simmered until tender.  One chicken drumstick and one hard boiled egg were in the sauce.  The waitress spooned it over a plate of the traditional bread.  Some kind of crumbly white cheese was also on the bread.  Another friend ordered the vegetarian combo, which was also served over the traditional bread.  Each order was $8.50.  Traditionally you eat with your fingers, but halfway through my meal I asked for a spoon.  I did not hate the food.  I did not like the food.  I would just say that it is exotic.  One try is enough for me.  I don't intend to return.
Merkato is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Admittedly, I've only ever had one dish - the Vegetarian platter - but I've heard that the other meals are good as well. The Veg platter is in fact vegan, and will easily feed three very hungry people! I also recommend the coffee service if you have some spare time. The staff roasts the coffee beans right in front of you, and it's the thickest, richest coffee you will ever have. Yum!
Never even had the chance to try their food. We sat down and ordered an appetizer and the server could not even understand what I was saying, I had to point to the item on the menu. We waited for 10 minutes and then she finally came back and asked us what we ordered again. Insteading of working, she had spent the whole time chatting with the other wait staff. Needless to say, we just got up and left. Very disappointing :(
Just like others have mentioned, the incense is a little on the strong/smokey side. 
The vegetarian platter was delicious. Too much food for 2 people.

I ordered a white wine and it came in a single serve bottle and tasted on the sour side. My dinner partner ordered a Jack and coke and they had no idea what that was. I don't think they serve very much alcohol.

We didn't get to try the coffee but will definitely be back!
Veggie combo
- exactly what i expect from a veggie platter. everything was good and fresh except  for one of the sides.  I suspect this was a filler, it was cold mashed injera with salad dressing...horrendous.   The injera was by far the best i've had.  very consistent texture and not to dry or moist.  this dish could be shared by 2 people.

Beef
- it was super fresh and was scooped right of a sizzling platter onto our dish.  pretty lean meat with minimal flavoring.

Injera refills were quick and without question. they tried to sell us bottled water but you can ask for tap.

this was probably the most legitamate ethiopian place i have been to, the staff was clearly african (rather than african american), there were home-made looking music videos on screen, and the food was rather good.
veggie combo is all you need to compleat the the day. Did I say the lamb/beef combo...love lamb
Me and my bf love this place. We are regulars.  If you want to try something new come here! It's great for vegetarians and meat lovers as well!
This place was not in the best area in the city. I would not go by myself .The people are very nice my friend told them it was my first time so they were so polite everyone asked me how it was. It was okay .The bread is something that you have to acquire a taste for. The meat was okay it tastes like fried kalbi with a side salad that you eat with your hands. It was a little over priced. The bathrooms were clean. Thanks but it's going to take more for me to come back.
Wow...  this one was an experience.  We went on one of the days it was raining in town and very cold.  It is never a good sign when you go into a restaurant and the employees are all wearing their jackets.  We were slow to get attention from anyone.  Once we did, they were quite pleasant, but continued to be slow.  We ordered the veggie plate and a beef dish.  The odd bread did not satisfy either of us.  It was moist and spongy, and to us, did not go with the food.  The beef was good.  There were a couple of good curry dishes on the veggie platter as was the salad.  We asked for the bill several times with only the owner coming over to talk.  (We are eat and run folks)  When we finally got the bill, he asked us if we wanted fresh roasted coffee which we declined.  Truly, there was nothing wrong with the food, just a strange atmosphere in a sketchy building.  This is another one in town we will not be back to.
Came late on a Thursday night for take-out. Ordered a dish described as chicken cooked in butter and garlic sauce, priced $8.95. Got a drumstick in a heavy sauce. wrapped in a savory crape. It tasted good but the portion of chicken was pretty poor. I would have been happy with a single breast. Tasty but insufficient.
Just enjoyed a fantastic dinner here. I was really impressed with the friendliness and knowledge of the waitstaff. I learned some new things about Ethiopian food. I got the vegetarian combo and it was awesome. I really liked the spinach. The decor is kind of old fashioned but it's definitely a worth while mom and pop type of place.
This place is unlike any other. Ethiopian food is very rare to find I feel and so this place is definitely one to go check out! 

There's no utensils and instead you use this bread called "injera" as a "fork". I forgot exactly what it was called but it resembled an empanada but with lentils inside. It was absolutely delicious! 

We got the veggie sampler and a chicken dish and a beef dish. They were all really good!
This place is located near the LV Convention Center and I found it by accident. Having never eaten Ethiopian food I decided to check it out. The mall it is in is off-putting but don't let that stop you. The place is clean, not fancy but comfortable. With suggestions from the server I tried a lamb dish and some collard greens. Damn Good! The food had a bit of spice and lots of flavor. The portion was not huge but enough to fill me up and then some. The greens were firm, not hard and tasted awesome! You have to ask for  a fork if you don't want to eat with your fingers (using the bread). My meal cost under &20.00 which is a deal on the strip. If you are in the area, try this place.
We came here for dinner on a Sunday. There were few other tables occupied when we arrived. We ordered a Chicken doro wot. Wanted to order a Lamb dish, but since they ran out of lamb that day, we ordered a Beef tibs. 

The portions are large, I think my husband and I would have been full with splitting just one dish. The chicken doro wot is delicious, much better than the ones that I have been in some popular Ethiopian restaurants in the bay area. 

The beef was a dud, it was dry, chewy and we couldn't finish eating the dish.

If not for the beef, I would have given a 5 star, considering that service is fast and friendly.
I liked this place...i was sort of confused on if the place was open or not but since I looked at other reviews it wasnt that big of a deal...My only complaint was I didnt know there were bones in my dish...so I wouldve liked a little warning but nothing happened...the staff were nice but I was the only one there so I guess they didnt have much of a choice but to check on me haha...overall I enjoyed the food...maybe a "open" sign would help haha

P.S yes there were incense lit towards the end of my lunch and yes they were strong...but I feel like thats just apart of the restarant/culture so I dont know what to say about it:-) oh i got a free piece of bread...didnt know what it was though:-) but thank you!
Went to Merkato last Friday. Ordered the salmon dish with rice and injera bread. Good meal! Good price! Big portions too! Better than the Abyssinia restaurant! I will be back! :)
This place is great! Food came out fast and Delicious.
Everyone was so friendly. I will come back every time I visit Vegas :).
As a vegan, I LOVE this place. My friends and I always struggle finding a decent place to eat after 10pm when most places close. I love that it's open very, very late into the night. (Not to mention, eating their Ethiopian food while drunk is...heavenly sin.) 

The servers are nice- they smile to you and casually interact with you, unlike other Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, where they can hardly speak English and they're difficult to be around.

More importantly, the service is ALWAYS SO QUICK and I've gone here at least a dozen times. Plus they even offer you extra injera (Ethiopian spongy, sourdough flatbread).

Almost forgot to mention the food, which is always DELICIOUS.
So much food! Great customer service. Their coffee is wonderful and very interesting in how they prepare it. A little bit of a sketchy neighborhood but what you use to scoop your food, that little sourdough pancake type thing is what will bring me back!
I have never met anyone more friendly than Tina.  She would not accept a tip, and another woman (who was watching American Idol there... and who is a regular) said that trying to sneak her a tip is pointless- she tried it once and Tina accidentally threw the money out.  There is also a 2-for-1 coupon in the PHX entertainment book... so take it, see if you can hang with the sheet covered couches, and give this place a shot.  Also ask Tina if she is planning any more special events -- for Valentine's Day 2007 she had dancers and a buffet for $30 a couple.
Tina makes you feel like a member of her family the first time you go there.  I regret I didn't go there sooner but didn't know anyone in the area to go with and was inhibited to go by myself--boy was I wrong!  She made me feel right at home, came over to talk with me every chance she got, and mother-henned me till I left even though I'm older than her!  She was supposed to close about 10 but we hung out talking and watching TV till about 11:30pm!  Such a delightful person--a real asset to Chandler.  

The food is delicious--very flavorful without being too spicy for the average person.  If you're vegetarian there are plenty of veggie dishes to fill you up. I loved that I had leftovers to take home and enjoy the next day.  

I forgot to mention this is often a one-woman show. Tina is the hostess who welcomes you, the waitress who takes your order, the cook and busboy.  I don't know how she does it all but she does!  

The injera bread and Ethiopian tea are both delicious, by the way.  I'm back in San Diego now but hope to see her on my next trip to Chandler.
Tina's is a unique experience ... I have been telling all my friends about it!  

The cafe is set up with cozy conversation nooks ... which are usually scooped up by the "regulars".  There are some picnic style tables where you might invite others to join you ... making for some very interesting conversation and meeting new folks. :-) 

The first time we went we met someone who happened to be a piano student of a friend of mine!!  How strange is that? We also visited with Tina's husband who is as cordial as TIna.  Visiting Tina's Ethiopian is like visiting a friend's home.  The food is great and the atmosphere is very cordial.  I'm looking forward to my next visit!
So, i was really looking forward going there and was all excited and all. We drive up there, and find this little place squeezed between like auto repair and welding shop. No big deal, best gems are hidden right?

We go inside to find this dude just sitting on the middle of one of two rooms reading newspaper. For a second i was dazed and thought we accidentally walked into someones house. But no this was right place, it just seems/feels like someone else's house. 

So, dude told us to grab some dinky table and wait, and got back to his undoubtfully exciting newspaper. Humm, ok, wait we shall, gives us a minute to look around. Hey, what do you know! It totally is like someone home -A little dirty, a little old, mismatched furniture around, pizza boxes on the counter, shaky table, some people you not sure weather they there to fix stuff or they belong. Alright, whatever.

Finally this lady shows up and hands us some menus. We pick a few thing and off she goes. About 20 min later something shows up. Did we order two of same? No, we surely did not. Hummm starnge.

Anyhow, it was bland and uninteresting. Nothing special about it. Place was kinda dirty, as i said. Service .... well there was really no service to speak of.

I suppose if you like this kind of establishments, it might be for you. But if i wanna sit in the dinky kitchen and eat boring food i can just head out to my Mother-in-Law. We surely aint coming back there.

"Its great! NOT!"

Eugene

PS: Whomever it was had absolutely no reservations taking my tip. Just FYI.
I'll give 5 stars for the overall experience.
Walking into Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is like walking into someones living room. And you might actually be. The setting is conducive to conversation- within your own group or with everyone else in the restaurant. We prefer to sit in the mismatched lazyboys.
My first time at Tina's, the hubski and I crashed with four other friends. Tina bought out a sampler of almost everything she offers. There really is no need for a menu in her living room. We all enjoyed spiced hot black tea and ate until we were all stuffed. She came out and scolded us for not finishing our food, "Do you know how hard it is to cook this?"
While my buddy Kevin tried to explain to her that we were not insulting her food, and that we were actually full, I stuffed my mouth with everything left on the plate in a very unlady-like fashion. Hey- I come from a Russian Jewish family and I have learned that food tastes better than guilt.
After dinner, Tina offered us slices of "real NY cheesecake", which I don't think she usually has there. When we got the bill, it was $35 each. For 6 of us. Total.
Since I read a review stating that Tina does not accept tips, we dropped $30 per couple...

AND RAN to our cars before she could stop us.

We've been back many times since. I think she has learned to accept tips. Sometimes the food is a 5, sometimes its a 4, but it always satisfies. And the price? Well, Tina's cooking is cheaper than mine at home. Nice.
I tried three different times to go to Tina's--something I had really looked forward to when I returned to Chandler--but found the place closed all three times.  This was a new location across the street from the original one and looked totally different inside when I looked thru the window.  Finally, on the third try on my last day in  town, I went into the bar next door to ask the lady bartender if she had any info.  To my great disappointment she said it was closed for good.  What a shame!  Tina--If you're out there and read this get in touch with me and let me know if you ever re-open!
*********Original location closed. The new one has the window's papered and a sign that reads Chili Billy's coming soon.*********
We went for the grand-opening at her new Gilbert location. This is the essence of casual dining- you walk in and you feel like you've entered someone's home. It's a sit wherever attitude, with a "hey how are you doing!" like you've known Tina and her staff for years. 

The menu isn't huge so it's easy to decide what to have- and if you can't decide, get the combo platter so you can have a little of many things. Everything is also fresh. Tina came out and talked to everyone, and told us that she doesn't like to freeze her food, so you will have fresh ingredients each time you visit. It's also made to order, so don't be in a rush. It's completely worth the wait. Our drinks stayed full and the decor contains many conversation pieces. 

The flavors in the beef and chicken were amazing, and the bread had an extra-sour taste to it which was an excellent compliment to the meal. 

I will go visit Tina again very soon!

PS- They don't have a sign up yet, so for now if you look for the China Bistro sign that's where Tina's is. Go. Eat!
http://www.groupon.com/deals/tinas-ethiopian-cafe?fb_ref=anonymous&fb_source=profile_multiline

omg, tina's is open again... new location:
Cooper Marketplace
785 W Warner Rd., Suite 103 
Gilbert, Arizona 85233 

get your groupons now!

i used to be a regular here, best food and company in town!
Had my first visit to Tina's today after picking up a "dinner for two" groupon deal that offered a $26 meal for $13. It was a mixed, but good overall experience.

For those who don't know, Tina's just reopened in a new location. It's on the SE corner of Warner and Cooper. The restaurant doesn't even have signage yet - it says "Chinese Cuisine" above the entrance. 

When we arrived, there was only one other couple in the restaurant. We were greeted casually by Tina, who told us to sit anywhere. Seating and decor were sparse; traditional music was playing in the background. We took a seat in one of the booths along the wall. The restaurant smelled a bit like the Cigar shop next door.

After a few minutes, Tina came over to introduce herself and take our order. We were offered menus, but since we were there on the groupon deal, we knew we were getting the House Watt Combo - a combo platter of meat and vegetarian dishes served over a thin, spongy, sour bread.

After a short wait, our meal arrived. It looked fantastic - a beautiful mix of color and texture. Tina explained every dish and gave us a quick lesson on how to eat it. (Pick up the food with the bread and enjoy). There were slow-cooked meat/sauce dishes, chickpeas prepared a couple of different ways, collard greens, a chicken wing, and a mixed green salad.

It seemed like each dish was better than the last, making it very hard to pick a favorite. Some were spicy, others smokey. In the middle of the platter was a tart, spicy salad that was amazing. The slow-cooked chicken wing in sauce fell off the bone and was super tender and flavorful. As an Ethiopian food noob, all the flavors were completely new to me and I enjoyed them all.

So, why was the experience "mixed"? Actually, it wasn't really for me - I appreciate informal, no-frills places. But in the end, the service was very hit or miss... Tina either hovered and chatted for a several minutes or was non-existent. There was no in between. Also, since Ethiopian food is traditionally eaten with your hands, there were no utensils - which was fine - but there were no napkins available or offered. That was a bit of an inconvenience. 

My recommendation: Go to Tina's strictly for the food. It's a very casual, non-traditional dining experience, so check your service expectations at the door and you're sure to be pleased. The food is worth any shortcomings in the service. 

You're not likely to leave Tina's feeling pampered, but you will be full and happy.
We were a fan of Tina's when it was on AZ Avenue so were very happy to see her reopen at the SE Corner of Warner and Cooper.  We were there on one of the first weekends she was open, so they are still working through the glitches.  The location is quite a bit smaller than the old location, and the ambiance is that of a Subway restaurant, but the food was as good as I remember it.  We took our 8 year old there and she also enjoyed the food.  We will definitely go back.  At present they do not serve alcohol (don't know if that is in the plans), but I did see a couple folks bring in bottles of wine.   Highly recommended for the food!
Do you enjoy eating food from different cultures? The owner of this place is Ethiopian, and you will get to know her if you eat there..... she is wonderful. She is very sweet and you will begin to understand Ethiopian culture simply by chatting with her. She cooks all of this food herself and she told us the bread takes a few days to make. She does hang around and talk quite a bit to custormers, which is part of the charm of the place. The restaurant itself  is small, but nicely decorated in a fun way. Brightly painted walls adorned with African artwork makes you feel as though you are in someone's home. 

We got a vegan platter for two and it was wonderful. There were a few different lentil dishes and a salad served with Ethiopian bread that you use almost like a tortilla to pick up bites of your food. You don't use silverware, which is difficult when you are used to using a fork to eat. It was messy. You can bring your own wine to this place if you would like to. 

My only suggestion would be for this restaurant to offer silverware to guests. It was a little tough eating the food without it. 

Will I go back?  YES
I am trying to like Tina's Ethiopian. Love the concept; small business, great food..... I will give it one more try at least. Tina seems like a character! 

First impression: Walk in the door and get greeted with "Do you have a Groupon"? Well, no, I don't, but now I  feel badly about it. We had a delicious lunch for cheap and were delighted. Met Tina, who told me next time, to bang on the back door if it looks like she is closed, she will feed me". 

Time two, had a meal that was half the food for a third more the price. Lots of bread. The sign on the door says closed at 1:30. But we walked in anyway (rather than bang on the back door) The website says open until 3pm for lunch. This is quintessential Tina. I'm trying.......

This restaurant is closed. The location is now a Thai place....
This was my first time trying Ethiopian food.  We let the owner customize a plate for us.  Very flavorful!  The owner was extremely personable and nice.  If I'm in the area I wouldn't mind stopping by again.
Really good Ethiopian food. Atmosphere lacks but don't come here for atmosphere!!

This review is for their new location.
Tina's is now in Gilbert on the southeast corner of Cooper and Warner. Tina informed us that she's still working on the sign, so don't expect to spot it from the road (it's next to Blew Smoke Cigars if you need a hint). We loved Tina's. We set out to order the combo plate for two and Tina told us, no one order would be fine for lunch :) She was correct it was a lot of food.  It was delicious and well prepared. Tina chatted with us for a while and that was fun. We'll return.
What a delightful experience! Tina prepared our food, served us, and even brought extras of my favorite dish free of charge. We had a  Groupon which she happily accepted, and asked us to tell her if we thought the service was too slow (she must read the reviews). Service was actually prompt.  Will most definitely return.
I didn't even get to try the food, which sounds delicious, because I was left literally standing in the rain. I bought the Groupon and was super excited to go. First, my friends and I could not find it because their sign says Chinese Bistro, so we drove by it several times (it was also pouring rain making it even more difficult to see). By the time we found it, it was 8:05. Tina's closes at 8 (on a Saturday night?). We got out in the rain and stood at the window looking in. There were people eating and the staff saw us, but they just ignored us as we stood outside in the rain because it was 5 minutes after 8. This really makes me not want to go back. I wanted to love this place as I love small local restaurants, but I felt so unwelcome, I'm not sure I'll go back, even with my Groupon.
Very homey and you definitely get authentic Ethiopian food here.  

Ethiopian music videos play in the background and books on Ethiopian culture are at each table.

Honestly, I've had better Ethiopian food in Chicago, IL and in Berkeley, CA...but this is the best Ethiopian I've had in the Mesa/Chandler area of Arizona.
This is one of my very favorite restaurants in the whole world!!!! Tina is the sweetest proprietor and friendliest chef you'll ever meet- so friendly that like many others have said here, it doesn't feel like going to a restaurant- more like going to a friend's house. Except that this friend happens to always be down to cook you amazing slammin' Ethiopian food for super-cheap. Who wouldn't want to visit that friend all the time?

If you want to impress your date by spending a lot of money in a dark intimate setting, this is not the place. But I'd rather have amazing food, reasonable prices and a casual family atmosphere in a small business that remembers me, any day. Tina sits down and chats with me when it's slow, or introduces me to other regulars. What other restaurant does that? Tina is awesome, and we isolated Americans have a lot to learn from her.
good and plentiful portions in  comfortable setting.  Lalibellas in Tempe is just a little better.  However, when in Gilbert, this is the only option for good ethoipian.
Would love to try this place but since they close so early (8pm) I need to do take-out as to not keep the place open later.  Unfortunately, I've called them on 4 separate occasions and have yet to have someone actually answer the phone.  I only get the recording.  This is beyond frustrating as I'd love to try it, as I'm a huge fan of Ethiopian food and am very excited about it's addition to Gilbert.  It appears they don't really need, nor want the business though.  So until they learn how to operate a business with customers in mind... 1 star.  I understand they may be busy, but then offer online ordering on the website, put a message on the voicemail, hire a helper during busy hours... or don't, and continue to lose customers.  It's not unreasonable to call a business during it's business hours, and expect an answer, at least by the second try.
I would like to try this place, but they are unresponsive to customers.  It seems that they tried to advertise with Groupon, and then didn't actually like it when customers tried to redeem their Groupons.

--Did not answer the phone repeatedly
--Actually spoke to her once, and she told me to text her.  I texted, got no reply.
--Showed up at the restaurant at 4:30PM on a Saturday, and the doors were locked.  No answer to knocking or calling the phone.  
--Other customers were outside, waiting.  One couple actually had a 4PM reservation, and was still waiting outside nearly an hour later.

Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is not treating their customers with respect, and this is unacceptable.
Had to update my review. Second trip here was awful. Tina did not even ask us what we wanted. We did the combo plate that is normally $20 and it was cold and bad.

Service girl was very weird and made us uncomfortable by standing over us watching us eat.
I have honestly never, EVER been treated so poorly at a restaurant before. It must be nice to be Benjie M., who gave the place 5 stars and said Tina was sweet and friendly, because to me, Tina was one of the rudest people I've ever met. I had a Groupon, and so my boyfriend and I went in February on a Saturday night. We got there about 7:30. When we walked in the door, Tina was socializing with friends. When she saw us, she rolled her eyes and said, "ARE YOU SERIOUS?! We closed like an HOUR AGO." Confused, I pointed out that their sign says that the last seating is at 8, and it was only 7:30. She told me that she didn't care and she'd decided to close early. We complained that the Groupon we had expired soon, and we wouldn't be able to come back before the expiration date. Tina sneeringly said, "Well didn't you see the SIGN?" as she pointed out a small, hand written sign that all Groupons would be extended until March 28th. Disappointed, hungry, and a bit shaken by being spoken to so rudely, we left.

Last night, we decided to come back and use that Groupon. We even made sure to get there nice and early, at 6. They were open, and we were seated. However, when we mentioned the Groupon this time, Tina said, "Oh that expired a long time ago." I reminded her of the sign she had had up saying that the Groupons would be extended until March 28th. She proceeded to give us a rambling, condescending lecture, basically amounting to the fact that she changed her mind, and refused to honor it.

Needless to say, I really don't appreciate being treated like trash, and will never be coming back here again. If you want Ethiopian food, I'd recommend the Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe. Better menu selection, delicious food, pleasant staff, and comparable prices.
I always told myself that I would go to a local restaurant at least a couple times before giving a bad review, and I tried to go to this place 2 times so here you go. 

After working with a few Ethiopian restaurants in Atlanta on their marketing, I thought it was high time I try out an Ethiopian restaurant myself since I've never been, so when this Groupon popped up I thought perfect! 

As things with expiration dates go, I ended up trying to use this on the day it expired, a Monday, presidents day. Since the time I bought it I've moved away from Gilbert so we made a special trip out here to eat here, and invited my cousin and her husband to join us (even more potential customers, with 2 full paying customers!). 

I tried calling several times since the Groupon mentioned to call ahead, and I wanted to verify the times they were open but nobody ever answered. The recording did say their place was not open on holiday's, but since this is a restaurant and not a bank, I figure a restaurant would be open on presidents day. Apparently Ethiopia celebrates the American presidents now because when the 4 of us pulled up the place was closed. 

To double up on what Marissa said in her review, they did have a sign on the door saying they will accept Groupons until a date in March, I can't remember the exact date but I figure we would just come back and ended up going to San Tan Brewery (read my review for a great dining experience). 

Here is where things go even more south, I called to see how long again they will take that Groupon, Tina answers and starts complaining to me about Groupon, how I had all this time to use it and how she is not taking them anymore. I told her she had a sign on the door and I just wanted to know the date she will take them to. I JUST WANTED TO TRY SOME ETHIOPIAN FOOD!! I said I'd be happy to use just the value I purchased ($13) not the full amount it was good for (a full dinner for 2). She actually has no choice, businesses in Arizona are required to accept the purchase price since it's considered a gift certificate, but not the "groupon" deal. Either way she seemed to lighten up and said just come on in and she'll accept it. 

So that brings me to my 2nd attempt to eat here last Friday, March 23rd. We arrived shortly after 7:00 pm and were relived to see it was open. After walking in, we stood around for a few minutes until this little girl (as in 5 year old) walked into the back (presumably to tell whoever was working back there that people are here), out came someone (not Tina) who proceeded to tell us they were closed. I said I don't understand, there are people eating, the front door was open, it's 7pm on a Friday, but he said they were out of some ingredient and are closed now. 

So that was the last straw. After my 3 experiences with this place, how I was treated over the phone, how they seem to open whenever they want and not accommodate any bit of consideration to their customers, here is my first 1 star review for a restaurant.
I stopped in here today and sampled the food and atmosphere. The owner (Tina, obviously) is one of the sweetest people I've ever met. The restaurant is small and cozy and eclectically decorated. 

The food - now, I've never really eaten Ethiopian food. Tina had to kind of give me a quick instruction on it. She put the plate down and my first instinct was to take a photo (and now I wish I had) - it was beautiful. She explained that she makes her own bread - it's a special sort of bread that's almost like a cross between pancake and a European fluffy/spongy crumpet. Next to it is a smaller plate filled with sauce and meat and vegetables. 

It looked a little messy, so I looked around for silverware. Silver-where? What? No silverware? I'm sure she had some, but she said I should eat with my fingers and told me how it works - using the bread to scoop up the meat and sauce. I had a bite of spicy chicken - OMG so good! Then I tried the ground beef - also OMG amazing!

I took some home for my girlfriend who didn't even wait until I got inside the house - she met me in the garage and scarfed down a bunch of it. She also thought it was delicious. We're definitely going to have dinner here soon. 

I noticed a bunch of low reviews here and for the most part they are from people who didn't actually eat there or that bought an online coupon deal. I'm not going to bad mouth any daily deal site (sometimes they can help put a business on the map), but I can tell you that for a small business like this, it can be financially devastating doing a coupon or daily deal like this. 

Restaurant owners are asked to sell something for half price and then only get to keep half of that. It's safe to assume they lose money every time they do one. Also, they don't see any money from it for months. Also, the coupon customers often only show up someplace when there's a coupon involved. Restaurant owners aren't coached on how to get these customers to come back in to pay full price. 

And then to try to use an expired coupon and trash a tiny independent restaurant online when they won't accept it anymore - that's even more bad news for the restaurant owner. It just doesn't seem fair. I don't know. It seems like the opposite of supporting local to me. 

This restaurant is cute and charming and the owner is awesome. The food is incredible, and I'm a super picky eater who won't eat anything. I'm a fan of Ethiopian now. Can't wait to go back.
I never thought I would say that Ethiopian food is my favorite food but a few years ago I met a woman from Ethiopia who introduced me to the cuisine.  Over the years we parted ways but my love for the food was still there! Now anytime I am craving the earthy hearty vegetarian wat and injera I just head over to Tina's. Not only is the food great Tina herself is lovely and always willing to answer any questions I have. Sometimes the wait is a little long but it is totally worth it!
I am ecstatic that this place re-opened! Tina's feels like going to eat at your mom's house. The food is great, the atmosphere is friendly and it might as well be free considering what you get for your money. I took a first timer to Ethiopian food and he said he's going to be a regular there from now on. I can't wait to go back myself.

I guess one could complain that things are not the most organized, but that makes it almost more endearing to me. To those negative reviewers who say they appreciate small businesses I suggest you give it another chance with an open mind.
UPDATE: Someone (who just joined Yelp btw) sent me an extremely abusive email via Yelp re: my negative review. Whoever this person is, firstly, doesnt speak/write english properly, and secondly, makes threats that are ridiculous (I.e Tina will kick my ass if I ever went back to her cafe?!) Are you kidding me?! First of all, i will never ever go back there, unless I'm needed by the Health Dept. to testify against this establishment, and second, don't ever threaten me, especially when I'm giving my honest opinion. Have you heard of freedom of speech? Sounds like Tina has a posse, but that is all she'll ever have when she loses her business due to dubious business practices! 

Hands down, absolutely the worst dining experience I've ever had. We only stayed because we were already there, and I had purchased a Groupon, wow what a waste. We sat down, and weren't even acknowledged for at least 10min. Then, the menus came about 20min later. So, about 30min of total wasted time. Maybe they were hoping we would read the disgustingly dirty book that was on the table on Ethiopia? It's a great idea, until you realize it's not practical at all for a restaurant. Forget that our copy was from 1964. I'm sure even Ethiopia has changed since then. 

Moving on to the ambiance/decor. Absolutely, disgusting and dirty. It's old, owner's kids were playing in and out of the kitchen (hello??), the kids' high chair (which was a regular high chair, not a restaurant style) was so disgusting, I had no idea what to do with my baby. 

Food. OMG. The amount of food you get is meager. I'm not kidding. It's a tiny little portion, probably about 3 tablespoons? It came out cold and it looked like someone had thrown it up. I had ordered the biggest plate that combined most of the foods (which by the way, there are only 15 on the menu, and they were out of 4 of them), and my husband had ordered his own plate. After we patiently waited for the food, the server (who had no idea what was going on) came out and asked us if it's ok for them to put my husband's order on my plate. What? Why? But we said "fine" b/c frankly, we wanted to just leave! In any case, the amount of my food was reduced by what my husband's food took up as space, which is not much, believe me. The quality of the food was just subpar. Cold, not tasty and lacking in meat.The "bread" was wet and sour, and I don't believe that's how ethiopian bread is. Some entries were beef and chicken, but you wouldn't have known it if it wasn't indicated on the menu. There were probably 2-3 TINY pieces of chicken/beef over all, I'm not kidding. (I wonder if it's b/c I told them we had a Groupon in advance, and they just gave us a tiny amount of cold food with no apparent presence of meat.) 

Service was just horrible, and the girl (was she the owner, or maybe the owner's daughter?) who waited on us at first, had no people or service skills. The boy who came in late apparently, was out second server, and he mentioned it was his second day, so he had absolutely no idea what to do. It was so sad to watch, really. The woman was just awkward. I wondered if there was something behind the scenes (in the kitchen) we weren't aware of, that was making the people working there completely incapacited. I also thought that if this restaurant can survive, anyone can be in the restaurant business apparently. 

I have traveled a lot, and am open to and love other cultures (I, myself, am not American), but this was by far not a tolerable or pleasant experience in any way. Looking at their website, you would think they are a well-established and clean business  but make no mistake, they are absolutely not. I am actually surprised they are still operating, and have a license. My husband and I wondered how long they will stay open, he gave them a month (but I have no idea how long they've been open for already.) Either way, we will NEVER ever go back there and waste another dollar. Please don't waste your money.
the first time I had Ethiopian food was at Tina's ehiopian cafe in 2000. It was just delicious. When I moved to Tucson i missed her food. No other restaurant comes close to her food. I try to visit whenever I go to Chandler. The quality of her food is excellent.
If you think the service and food is bad, just wait until you write a bad review for this disgusting, dirty poor excuse of a restaurant. My boyfriend and I gave it try because of a groupon he had purchased, and like many others that attempted to redeem it...they treated us like we were trash. I don't think they understand the concept of coupons, otherwise they would have tried to make more of an effort. The fact of the matter is, businesses use coupons and promotions to gain a regular population of customers and bring in revenue...but here at Tina's, they use it as a scam. Well it worked, my boyfriend bought the groupon and Tina's found a reason why we couldn't use it EVERY time we tried to use it. They also have little children working there so maybe they should be checked out concerning child labor laws. My boyfriend has been getting harassed non-stop for giving his honest experience with this business on yelp, not only over yelp messaging but by text message also (apparently their business phone is a cell phone and when he called to make sure the messages were from an employee they saved his number after cussing him out). They continue to be unprofessionally vulgar with the language, threatening and were very racist in their messages (calling him a dirty mexican--when he's not even hispanic) which is UNACCEPTABLE. I am ready to hear the racist and demeaning words they have for me, but I think the world should know how disgusting this place is. DO NOT SUPPORT BUSINESSES LIKE THIS, THEY SHOULD NOT GET AWAY WITH TREATING PEOPLE WITH SUCH A LACK OF RESPECT. There are so many other well-deserving, hard working, personable businesses/restaurants that deserve your time and money. And please believe me, when I get the treats and disrespectful messages because of this review it is going straight to the yelp offices and all over the internet.

Oh and btw, the person harassing us is an employee there and has written a five star review, so I wouldn't trust any of the good reviews on here. This place needs to get shut down.
Just got this message from one of the owners (their review is under Jestin M.) 

this is me one of the owner of Tina's cafe.  you are obviously a poor idiot who is miserable in life.  If you have a nerve, you should've tell your complaint to us instead of crying out on yelp.  We have so many flowers and will continue doing great. Tina will bit the fack out of you if you come and let her know who you are.  ASS HOLE. Go back to your Mexico and eat corn with your whore mother.  by the way, your picture looks like a a guy who is infected with some kinds of disease.   Your women is ugly as you btw (lol)

So after this I personally called and spoke with a manager, they confirmed Jestin works there. Even though I was being cordial with my tone and trying to be helpful in saying that this was my experience, maybe others are experiencing the same thing and that can help fix the problem, they proceeded to say a few things I wont retype here and hung up. 

I responded back and so did they. If you want to read that here is a screen shot of that: 
http://i.imgur.com/PvcBz.jpg

So it was not enough for them to say that message. They just texted me this right now (since I called with my cell). 

"You keep mentioning 5yrs old about your stupid compain, we will report your info to be investigated if you are a child melester. Tina has a right not serve you for the safty of our customer. Take your little 10 dollar to mcdonald's. Lol"

Here is a screen shot of the text I just got from the business phone number:
http://i.imgur.com/6j55D.png

So if you feel like this is a place you would like to try out after reading this, by all means take your chances.
Apparently, the staff here is even worse than I thought. I, like several others, have now received extremely abusive and lewd messages from someone who is confirmed to work at Tina's, and by their own account, is part of the management. Unless you care to be treated like trash, called awful names, harassed, and threatened, I suggest you find someplace else to eat.
Very yummy food. I loved the chickpea dish, as well as the cabbage with potatoes, carrots and other veggies. A mistake in the order was taken care of no questions asked, and we even got extra veggie dishes to take home with the extra injera bread, as well as Ethiopian iced tea on the house. We used a Groupon with no problem. The service was friendly and welcoming. We will be back.
Tina needs to get a dose of reality. After I was harassed and verbally abused for leaving a negative review, Tina responded to it as well (my original review). Note to to you, Tina: our Groupon was NOT expired! So I'm not sure what your rant was about. In any case, I was really hoping this awful experience will be just left alone, but it seems like Tina and her workers can't get pass the reality of the situation, and the fact that there may be some customers who enjoy the disgusting atmosphere and undercooked and cold food, but there are also many, like me, who didn't enjoy anything about this (so called) restaurant, and will never go back! Newsflash to you, Tina&Co...This is no way to conduct business and it never be acceptable, here in the U.S. If these abusive tactics work in Ethiopia, they certainly do not here and will get you business shut down sooner than you can send another nasty email. I actually feel sorry for you b/c you seem to have fooled a lot of people with your what it seems to be a very bi-polar attitude. If you ever contact me again, whether is by sending me another unacceptable and harassing email, or by responding in an abusive way, I will contact a few of the authorities that might want to look into your business (health Dept, the police), in addition to contacting some TV stations..believe me, this will be a good story for them! You are lucky I haven't done this yet b/c make no mistake, I am relentless if I want to get something done.
Tina, instead of harassing people, try spending your time on improving and building your business (if that's even possible.) You are the most unprofessional business owner I have ever encountered. You accuse people who give your cafe negative reviews of things that are not only true, but preposterous (yes, look it up.) You claim to have all these supporters (true or not) but by judging how you abuse people, you may not have many to speak of soon..especially when they realize that you have kids working at your low-rate establishment. I can only feel sorry for you and your business. 

To all the people who are thinking about going to this place: spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere. There are so many small businesses who will treat you right and make your money spent well worth it. This "cafe" is not one of them. If you do end up going there, and happen to write a negative review, brace yourselves for a string of abusive and harassing replies to your review. 

To Tina: spend your time on your business, not on harassing people. Maybe you can even see a therapist, you seem to have a lot of issues (disconnect from reality, lying, anger, inability to take criticism and improve, consistent defamation of other honest people..should I go on?!) You are a sad excuse for a small business owner, and it's people like you who give a bad rep to your country.
Highly recomend Tina's. Great food and more great food! Service is the best and Tina always makes me us feel as if we are part of her family. I've been coming to Tina's for about a year now (3 or 4 times a month) lunch or dinner.
I highly recomend.
Once more, thank you Tina, btw my girls wanted to come see you tonight, I'll bring them next week.
Thx: GABE

Ps. I can't wait to try your coffee.
I first must start by giving kudos to the service at Tina's. 
It is a very good cultural experience where you don't have to travel far and feel as if you are in another country, the bread "teff" is amazing, and all those awesome flavors make this experience amazing.
I highly recomend their food and their service "you will feel like a family member".
Thank you.
Food = mehh, service = subpar, what else is there to say? 
Save your money. You'll be happy you did.

I know i'm asking for Tina to stalk and insult me on Yelp by posting this bad review, but Tina, the truth shall set you free. You can choose to accept it and change your restaurant's operating policies, or you can ignore everyone and struggle to make things work.
We had a delightful early dinner on Saturday at Tina's!  The food was fantastic and we loved the laid back family atmostphere.  My daughter was with a friend and I and even she loved the food.  We spent quite a while having the unique experience of conversation and learning of this culture!  We all three cant wait to go back for yumminess and a warm atmosphere!  thanks Tina!
I posted this on Google, but I had such a bad experience I felt people on Yelp needed to know as well. The comments I saw about other people being stalked by Tina after posting negative reviews do not improve my impression of this restaurant, but thankfully that has not happened to me, yet.

We had a groupon to come here, but will not be going back.

As we walked in the door at 6 p.m., the store was empty, the staff was sitting around, and they rudely told us we needed to make a reservation to eat here. A stupid policy for an empty restaurant, I think, and if all else had been good I might have excused this annoying oddity. At least they didn't require us to go outside and call in a reservation on our cell phone. They gradually got off their butts and went to the kitchen, while leaving pizza boxes from their meal strewn about the restaurant. Finally, a server, a girl who looked to be about 13 came over to us and asked us, "So.... what do you guys... like... want, I guess?" We ordered, I asked for a coke, but when she came back with a tiny bottle that would be way too expensive, I sent it back. 

After about 45 minutes, our food finally came. It was ok, decent for Ethiopian standards, but one dish was too dry. One of the dishes we ordered never came, so we asked for them to send it out to us to take home, which took another great while. When the bill came, we were charged for the coke as well as one of the dishes twice, so we needed to sort that out, which took another chunk of time. 

The service by the staff the whole time was carried out with great annoyance, as if we should be grateful to them that they deigned to serve us at all. The service we received is frankly inexcusable. Others that have gone there told us that this must have been an exceptionally bad night, but admitted the service wasn't exactly fantastic most of the time either.

If you really want to eat some good Ethiopian food with decent service, take the drive to tempe.
This is not Cafe Lalibela or even close. I was so excited to have Ethiopian food so close. I Grabbed a take out sampler to go. No one was in there and when I got home I threw away most of it because of a bad smell. I am no stranger to Ethiopian food and this was really not good.
So Tina moved locations and I've tried twice to get in.
I'd love to eat here, but 2 Friday nights in a row no one answers the phone there and both Fridays they've had a private party. So I'm not too sure that I'll waste another drive over there.
Our norm is Cafe Lalibela, but it's a drive, so this was nice and close. oh well
I liked this place a lot, though it wouldn't be for everyone.  It's pretty out of the way, down Paradise almost to the airport, and very easy to miss - in fact, we drove by it once even after we figured out where it was because we thought there would be a driveway facing the street, but you actually have to turn a little early to get into their parking lot.  Paradise is one-way there, so you have to circle around if you miss it.

Once inside, we were literally the only people eating there.  I kind of felt like I had interrupted a private conversation when we walked in - the two women in the back of the room looked as us as though they weren't sure why we were there.  Once we were seated, though, they were very friendly and willing to make suggestions about what to order.

I've had Ethiopian before, so I ordered the kitfo, and my friend went with a beef stew entree (not sure what it was called, but it was the third one down on the main entrees list).  His was the winner among the two - the kitfo was good, but the beef stew was excellent.  We ate it all the way down to the injera bread, and then ate all of that too!

The portions were large compared to other Ethiopian restaurants I've eaten at.  Two entrees was more food than the two of us could eat.

A few other people came in while we were there, though a few were lost and looking for the club next door.  By the time we left I think one or two other tables were occupied.

Overall I liked it a lot and would recommend it.
Cottage Cafe is an interesting experience.  Let me say undoubtably, the food is fantastic.  It's not the food that is.... well.... odd. I've been to this place a few times, and the experience has always been the same. Once you find it (as the other reviewer said, it is easy to miss on Paradise), you enter to find a nicely decorated place.... and..... no..... people.  Well, not completely true.  Two of the times there were several limo drivers huddled together, watching something on tv and eating. no one greets you when you come in, and it has often felt like I'm entering someone's home when I wasn't invited. Though the wait staff is friendly (sort of), there is this air that they aren't thrilled to be dealing with you. However..... once the food comes, all that weirdness evaporates into the ether and you enter culinary heaven.  So, if you're up for a weirdish social experience as a precursor to wonderful ethiopian food, check it out.
Third time out this month eating Ethiopian! We're definitely getting around!

Cottage Cafe is about a block away from the Hofbrauhaus, and like the other yelpers mentioned, pay attention when you're driving there.  It's on the right, and you'll see a sign for a Pirinha night club first, and Cottage Cafe is next door to the left of that.  However, you need to turn into the parking lot before you drive past the club, otherwise you're stuck and have to make you u-turn somewhere.  

A few people hanging out when we arrived on a Friday evening for dinner.  We chose a table by the right side and noticed how much more lighting there was at this restaurant (as opposed to the other two we've been to).  There was this annoying blue light though directly across from me, it was just a tad too neon.

We have our favorites and so this is what we ordered: 

* Vegetarian Combination "A combination of alicha, collared greens and lentils." ($9.90) - I was concerned that there would be only three items in this combo, but  not so!  They had split lentils in red sauce (good, but a bit different from what we've had), green salad, carrots and string beans, steamed cabbage and potatoes, yellow bean thing (that we really liked here, better than the other places), beets and potatoes, yogurt, and collared greens.  So, there was definitely a nice array of things to choose from.

* Kitfo "Finely chopped, USDA choice lean beef with spiced butter and mitmita - hot pepper." ($8.90) - When we ordered this dish, we made a point of checking with the waitress to be sure it was going to be raw beef.  And we went over it a couple of times and she assured us it was raw.  I still had my doubts because I don't think she understood us.  Well, when the dish arrived, our kitfo looked like cooked ground beef.  The Husband and I asked the waitress again if this was the kitfo, the RAW beef, and she said it was!  I was in disbelief and knew my eyes were not fooling me.  Finally, another waitress came over and asked us if we wanted the raw beef, and we said yes.  So they took it back and changed out the beef.  It didn't seem to be a problem for them, I just don't think the waitress understood us at all.  The kitfo was good, not quite as spicy or buttery as Merkato's version, but still good.

It was the perfect amount of food for two people.

Service was fine - the waitress refilled our glasses without asking and brought out more injera (spongy flat sourdough bread) just as she saw we were needing it.  A few other people came in to dine during our visit there.  One gentleman asked if I wanted to join his party for coffee, but I passed.  (I think he was trying to pick me up despite the fact that I was with the Husband!)     

3.5 stars

Cash only.
I had quite the dining experience at Cottage Cafe. Where to begin...

When we walked in the front door, the only people in the place were the staff. They watched us as we stood there, only approaching us after we seated ourselves. Since we had never had Ethiopian food before, we asked for some recommendations. The waitress spoke so softly that I could barely hear what she was saying, but we ended up ordering drinks and three entrees: lamb, beef, and this bean dish. After we ordered, a man came in and placed a to-go order. About 20 minutes after we ordered, he got his food and left. About 15 minutes later, we finally got our food. The lamb and bean dish were very good, but the beef was not. First of all, there wasn't really any beef. We got these chunks of bone, most of which looked like sections of vertebrae, that had a few small pockets of meat buried in the gaps, but that was about it. Second, one of the sections of bone had a few ribs still attached. Normally I wouldn't mind, but considering I have seen beef bones before, I know that THESE WERE NOT FROM A COW. These ribs were small and I am convinced they were probably from a dog or a cat. When we asked the waitress about the beef, she just said, "Yes, the meat is there." Odd.

After we finished eating, the waitress didn't come to take the plates away for a good 20 minutes. After we sat there for another half hour or so, she finally brought the bill. I tend to look over restaurant bills before paying, and in this case, I thought that one of the line items was more than was listed on the menu. We asked the waitress if we could see the menu, so she obliged, but as she picked up the menu, she immediately went back into the kitchen where we could hear her arguing with the chef. She came back to our table, set the menu down, and without hesitation told us that one of the line items was mistakenly overcharged. She proceeded to correct a separate line item from the one I had noticed. I then checked each price on the bill against the prices listed in the menu and found that EVERY SINGLE ITEM WAS OVERCHARGED! I have to give them credit for not even try to be discrete about ripping us off. Anyhow, she took the bill back into the kitchen to correct it and didn't bring it back for about five minutes. It appeared she was arguing with the chef again. Maybe we were just being paranoid, but when we got the correct bill, we paid with cash. I had this feeling that paying by credit card would result in a slew of suspicious charges. 

I wouldn't be surprised to find out this place is a front. Meatless meat dishes and shady service aren't the traits of a restaurant that cares about customers returning. Who knows, maybe they just tried to take advantage of us since we weren't Ethiopian. Regardless, dine at your own risk.
As I have noted in other reviews, I am a recent transplant from Venice Beach, CA and have decided to dive right into the scene!

In LA, there are tons of wonderful Ethiopian restaurants to choose from, so I have been checking out what Las Vegas has to offer.  I began my journey at Meskerem last week (see my review) and decided to check this place out. 

I read a post ( don't think it was on Yelp) that said that Cottage Cafe was better than the spots in Little Ethiopia in LA. That's a bold statement! Needless to say, I had to see what the hot fuss was about.

I called my order in as I know that Ethiopian joints can some times have service that is SSSSLLLLLLOOOOOWWWWW! I placed an order for the vegetarian combination and the lamb stew. An order like this from most Ethiopian restaurants is typically enough food for me to make into about 6 meals. Perfect as I do not want to cook in 105 degree weather! 

The first woman who answered had to get someone else to take my order as she could not understand the simple phrase, "I'd like to place an order to go".... Anyway, I ordered (with a bit of apprehension) and proceeded to head over thinking that surely my food would be ready by the time I got there. I live in Green Valley and the restaurant is around the corner from UNLV. You would think that that would be enough time....

Of course there were no customers in the place when I got there (about 9 pm on a Thursday night) and the chicks behind the bar looked put out to have a paying customer walk in the door. When I said that I was there to pick up my order, one frowned up at me and asked what it was and proceeded to write out the ticket and take it back to the kitchen. HELLO! The point of calling it in was so that it would be placed and ready for me to pick up! The other chick never said a word and just disappeared into the back somewhere! Wow!

After standing at the bar and watching an episode of Real Housewives of NY on their big screen TV, I finally got my order. Long story short, for $23 bucks, I was expecting more food, more flavor, and some form of service ( a simple 'Hello" would have been nice)!

When I got home I was pretty disappointed. The portions of veggies were way smaller than I am accustomed to, and the lamb was way dry. Unlike one reviewer, I know it was definitely lamb (not dog or cat meat like he said---tee hee hee :-)), but the bone to meat ratio was pretty high and I had to add my own Ethiopian spices to it! 

Don't know how anyone could give this place more than 1 star, but I would avoid this place at all costs!  Never again will I return. For the first time in my life, I am NOT looking forward to the left over Ethiopian chilling in my fridge. Being tipsy helped it go down okay last night. Might have to try that again for the remainder!
I've eaten here probably more than 30 times, since I used to live next door.  It's my favorite Ethiopian food (and I've eaten at dozens of Ethiopian places), and it's my favorite restaurant of any type in Las Vegas.

The food is simply exceptional.  The injera is thick and moist, and the vegetables are spiced to perfection.  The portions are generous, too.  Sometimes I can't finish the Veggie Combo, which is saying something, because I'm *always* able to finish any meal at any other place.

But you can't go here expecting American-style service.  It's a genuine Ethiopian place, run by Ethiopians, and their style is waaay laid back.  There are no hours posted on the door, and the opening and closing hours can change at whim.  (Sometimes open until midnight, sometimes not.)  The place will be mostly empty when you arrive, and they won't seem all happy you're there when you walk in.  The waitstaff might speak little English.  The service can be a little slow.  You might have to explicitly ask for the check rather than waiting forever for it.  None of these things is especially unusual for an Ethiopian place, though the more successful places are more "Americanized" and give the kind of experience you're used to.  This place, on the other hand, serves primarily the Ethiopian immigrant community of Vegas, not tourists.  If you have the proper expectations, I think you'll have a good experience.  But if what I've described is outside your comfort zone, this place isn't for you.

I almost gave it only four stars because the service won't be what many people will expect, but I decided that the service issues aren't really "wrong", they're just different.  I've certainly never been disappointed by the service myself.  And I wanted to give five stars because the food is just really, really good.  I've wondered whether I'd get tired of it if I ate it every day.
Was over at the Double Down and wanted to get something to eat while waiting for a band to go on. My friend recommended we check out Cottage Cafe. Although we arrived as they were closing up for the night, the owner was extremely kind and offered to let us order something. It was like super VIP, we had the place to ourselves, and were treated like regular guests, not rushed. 

We ordered some spicy beef and lamb with veggies to split. And had to get some Ethiopian beer to wash it down. I had no idea what to expect and was thoroughly satisfied when the food came out. My first time eating here and I will plan on coming back again. The taste and portion you get for the price is great, you can't beat it.

I'm curious to try breakfast next time. I'm a fan and have already recommended some other friends to try it.
As a number of others point out, the place tends to be pretty empty save for some occasional Limo drivers. That's too bad, since the food has always been great when I've gone and it's in a fun neighborhood. It's true the service has sometimes been slow, but it has also always been friendly enough and I suppose I've never been in a rush. I try to go here whenever I'm in Vegas.
When you walk into Cottage Cafe, you forget your in Sin City, you forget your only a stonesthrow from the Vegas Strip.............  I love that about this restaurant.

The food is fantastic.  I have eaten at many Ethiopian Restaurants and the food here is authentic and delicious.  The Awaze Beef Tibs ($8.90) are our favourite, paired with the Vegetarian Combo ($9.90)
And talk about value for money!! for 2 people who can eat large, you can be FULL off $20 with a doggy bag to take home.  
You cant find or beat that anywhere near the Strip. 

We will be regulars here.
As this is my second review of an ethiopian place, you can clearly see that I dig my injera bread. This place is located just west of the Orleans Casino in a little strip mall. My husband and I decided to check it out. There were several table  filled with what looked and sounded like ethiopian people.  That's always a good sign. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The menu was more extensive than I'm used to seeing on ethiopian menus, so that was nice. We ended up ordering the vegetarian combo and zilzil tibs (steak pan fried with jalepenos and onion). All of the veggie options were fabulous and the waitress automatically brought more injera bread without us having to ask. That's always nice, cuz the way we blaze through it, asking again and again can make one feel like a bit of a hogginy. My only issue was that the meat was a bit on the tough side. The flavor was awesome though, so maybe it was just a fluke. I will try the lamb next time instead. This is one of several ethiopian places in the valley and a favorite of ethiopian locals. We'll definitely head there again.
We're hitting the Ethiopian food run in Vegas, which brings us to Abyssinia Restaurant.  After checking out Merkato, a waiter elsewhere mentioned this restaurant.

It was pretty empty on a Saturday night with only one party having dinner.  Two TVs in the corner with the sports channel on.  A few stragglers came in to dine and for to-go orders.  It's also pretty dark in this restaurant.

We knew we wanted something standard that we could compare our previous experience to, but we couldn't quite find these items on the menu.  We knew we wanted veggies and beef.  This is what we got:

* Vegetarian Combo ($14) - Since the vegetarian items were sold a la carte, we asked if we could have a veggie combo, and they came up with one.  (I'm sure it exists, but we didn't see it on the menu.  It has six different items on it.  Our favorites were the split lentils - one in green sauce and the other in red - really tasty and we're just loving our lentils.  Then the yellow bean thing, the steamed cabbage and carrots , the collared greens, and the green salad.  Of course, it's all laid out on a piece of injera, the spongy  sourdough flatbread used to pick up your food with.  

* #22. Raw Beef "A beef served with chilies with injera." ($12) - We initially wanted to order #26. Kitifo Special "Finely chopped lean beef with spiced Ethiopia butter, collard greens, homemade cottage cheese, mitmite (spiced hot chilies)." ($11) but when the waitress asked us if we wanted it medium or well, we figured we ordered the wrong thing.  We wanted raw beef, so quickly chose #22.  The waitress was surprised that we wanted raw beef, but we were hoping that it would be similar to the raw beef we had at Merkato Ethiopian Restaurant.  Boy, were we wrong!  Out came five chunks of raw beef, and I do mean fist size pieces!  (Check the pics!)  We weren't sure if it was a joke, but the waitress placed it down before us with two knives and a bowl of hot chili paste.  The Husband just looked at me and gave it a go.  He attempted to slice off pieces of beef, but both knives were very dull and he was struggling.  It was a very sad attempt.  Even with the fork we requested, it didn't help much.  At one point I thought I could be a barbaric animal and pick up my piece of meat and give it a tear by the mouth.  Unfortunately, that didn't work either.  Eventually, we were able to finally cut through two chunks of the beef.  We ended up taking the rest home.  The meat was fresh, and the spicy chili sauce is really what makes this dish.  It was just something we definitely weren't expecting and a bit too much effort.  (When we packed the three chunks of beef home, we made sure to ask for more of that chili paste.)

At one point, we were certain another waitress could see us struggling but didn't really do anything about it.  We even asked the guy sitting at the bar if we were doing it right and he said we were doing fine.  (If only the knives were sharper!)  At the end of the meal, the guy at the bar said that most people start off with gored gored, which is cubed beef filet rolled in spices, similar to kitfo (which we know we like already).  So it was pretty impressive that we started with raw chunks of beef with no spices or marination.  

Service was okay. We wish the waitress told us it was chunks of solid beef because we probably would have ordered something else. She did come by with more injera before we had to ask.  But after we got our to go box, we waited awhile for our check and nothing came.  We had to remind her, although there were only a few people dining.

Overall, the food is good, but the menu is limited.  It looks like the left side of the menu is for lunch, and the right side is for dinner.  In retrospect, we should have asked if we could have ordered from the left side because the dish we really wanted was on it! (# 7 Kitfo "Finally chopped, lean beef with spiced Ethiopian butter, homemade cottage cheese, and mitmita (spiced hot chilies) and served with injera."  Or perhaps we could have ordered #26 with raw/rear beef, but the waitress assumed we wanted it medium or well, and that's why she asked?  Also, our bill didn't quite reflect what we ordered, so double check your bill when it comes. 

3.5 stars.
I went here for dinner this evening, and I ordered the Kitfo Special - #26 on the menu.  As with Teri, the waitress asked if I wanted it well.  I said, "No," very quickly, and she said, "You want it raw?"  My answer was a definite yes!!

It was superb.  They gave me a small container of extra spice, and I used a lot of it.  It was quite good!  The meat was almost shredded, and there must have been a pound of beef.  Along with it was collard greens and homemade cottage cheese.  This really is a dish to share because you eat so much injera to consume the dish, and I wasn't coming home after, so I couldn't get a box to go.

 I will be back to try the lamb tibs.  This is a great find, and thanks to you who have put your reviews here before!
Having traveled to Ethiopia and Washington DC (where they have some of the best Ethiopian food in the US), I found Abyssinia to be good but not outstanding. Perhaps they were having a bad night. But it was a Friday night if remember correctly, soooo....

The best part to me was the "coffee ceremony". Its one of those things that you have to know about and ask for to get. Coffee ceremony is where the coffee beans are roasted over coals and fresh roasted in an authentic black coffee kettle. Its a long process....perhaps 30 min (thus the reference to "ceremony") But its well worth the wait and done at your table, so quite entertaining. The coffee is so smooth and so strong it will make Starbucks seem like Folgers. 

Enjoy!
This was my first time trying Ethiopian food, balancing out the service, ambiance, and the food, I'll give it 3 stars. 

When we just walked in, we weren't greeted by anybody. There was a very strong aroma of some sort of incense that clouded the room. It was pretty overpowering.  We saw some lady sitting in the corner of the room staring at us. We assumed she was a customer since she didn't say anything, but eventually she got up and we asked her if we could sit anywhere, she said yes. We sat down and she brought us one menu for the both of us, which was a little awkward trying to read from two different sides of the table.

 There were a lot of plates on the menu, but since we never had Ethiopian before we didn't know what to get. We opted for the #16, which was the sauteed beef strips for $10.99. We decided to share since we weren't sure about their portions. Good thing we did that, cuz their plate was humungo. 

 For our drinks we ordered coke ($1.50) and tea ($1.50). I was kind of expecting the tea to be something different, but when she brought it to me she just gave me a glass with hot water and a Lipton tea bag on the side.  My boyfriend just got a can of coke with a straw. 

Our food came and it looked like fajitas and salad on top of a giant crepe. She also gave us a basket of more crepe looking things (sorry I never found out the name). He ate a little piece of it on it's own and he didn't like it, it had a salty vinegar taste to it. Surprisingly it actually tasted pretty good when wrapped around a piece of meat and salad. 

I enjoyed being able to eat with my hands and not be stared at, but I think it would be nice if they provided some sort of wet towelette to wipe our hands with. 

All in all this was a pretty good experience for us. Ethiopian isn't my favorite type of food, but I'm happy I can say that I tried it. I've actually had a few people tell me that this is one of the most authentic Ethiopian places in Vegas. 

4 for the food, 3 for the service and ambiance. I can't give half stars so they get a 4:]
Food is good here. So are the prices, as well as the service.

Got the veggie combo. Very tasty. I could, however, do without the collards, but understand it's part of the combo. Plenty of injera, which was also very good. We were stuffed for $20.

This is a good place to try if you've never had Ethiopian food. It's conveniently located about a mile or two west of the Strip off Tropicana next to a Panda Express (which of course had more customers, go figure).
Great food! Nice to try something different!
It was my first time out to Abyssinia was about a month ago upon a recommendation from a friend. As I'm gettin' seated, my friend whose native of Eritrean commented on how the interior of Ethiopian spots here in LV are better then the ones back home in the Bay Area. We ordered a veggie dish (my friend is pescatarian) which includes plenty of lentils and veggies (duh). I ordered the lamb tibs (bite sized chunks of sauteed meat onion and spices) and what is considered by many Eithopians as their national dish, Doro Wat. Its a chicken leg and hard boiled egg covered in red pepper spices (berberé). We wash our hands spread some injera and get down to eat, all good stuff, pretty standard Ethiopian fare, for what its worth you get plenty of food for around $20. 

Recently I was having ridiculous cravings for Ethiopian food again and not to mention I personally like to take 2 to 3 visits before passing judgment on a spot. My vegetarian friend was in town for the NAB and needed me to take her anywhere as long as it was off the strip. Abyssinia hit the spot again. For the uninitiated, Ethiopian food is eaten the same way you eat fries and burgers -- with your hands (to be technical your right hand!). Don't be a cultural square and ask for a fork or spoon por favor.

I've been to two other Ethiopian spots here in Lost Wages: the now closed Axum and Merkato, and this gonna be my go to spot next time I have a craving for Ethiopian food for sure. Its tucked at the end of a tiny strip mall near the New Orleans and Home Depot on Trop. I believe they have events here as I've seen a small stage, sound and lighting equipment lying around. I don't drink much coffee but it would be nice try out their coffee ceremony next time around
What an excellent find for this tourist couple!  My wife and I both love Ethiopian food and this place was really good.  I had the vegi-platter.  She ordered beef tibs and a side of red lentils.  All the food was very good and flavorful.  The injera had a really nice tangy taste to it.
Wife's only critique was that the pieces of meat could have been cut up much smaller. 
 
We are always glad to find a nice restaurant off the strip and away from the casinos.
When one Ethiopian cab driver recommends a good Ethiopian restaurant, I took note... When a second Ethiopian cab driver says it's the best Ethiopian in Las Vegas, I figured I should check it out. The service was spotty, but the food was very tasty! The lamb was delicious. I've been to several Ethiopian restaurants, but I am by no means an expert on Ethiopian food... But, I would say the food here might be a notch above par. I will definitely go back.
Have been wanting to try this place since I read the Yelp reviews a few weeks ago.  Last night, the group was feeling a little adventurous, so we headed over to Abyssinia.

The restaurant is very nice and clean, and was quiet enough to have easy group conversation, which I believe is key to having a shared table meal.

The only negative points this place got was the language barrier for us non-native language speaking folks.  Being there are approximately 90 languages spoken in Ethiopia, I wouldn't even know where to start to remedy that.  The menu items were in English, but descriptions were in local language, so it was a "best guess", which if fun anyway.  The waitress had a difficult time getting our message sometimes, but she was very sweet.

We ordered a meat and vegetable sampler, a jerky dish, a vegetable dish, and one of the group wasn't feeling so adventurous and ordered spaghetti.  I guess that's the default American dish for the poor person who was forced to tag along.  :)

The meats and vegetables were amazing!  I wish I knew what everything was.  We were able to determine the chicken, beef, and lamb, but the spices and sauces were a mystery, yet wonderful!

The sour flatbread (injera) was nice and soft and not too sour.  This, being the utensil to pick up all the food, makes for a fun night.  Everyone tearing pieces of bread off and pinching morsels of yummy food from the common plate.  Make sure you're comfortable with your party.  Don't take the guy who doesn't wash his hands in the bathroom!  Oh, and it's culturally acceptable to only use your right hand for eating....I'm pretty sure we all were, but not sure.  

In summary, great food & atmosphere.  A recipe for a fun night.
As you enter the restaurant it has a very traditional appearance in the front and basic tables with chairs throught out the rest.  The service was good but a bit of a language barrier for me but luckily I was with friends from Ethiopia and Eritrea.The food was pretty good with a lot of variety. This place is also vegeterian friendly as well.
Abyssinia has changed, and unfortunately, not for the better.

I, along with many friends and relatives, used to frequent the establishment, and until about six months ago, we received quality food and excellent service. However, since the restaurant experienced a change in management, the place has gone downhill.
I am Ethiopian, and I grew up eating (arguably) the highest quality of my country's cuisine. In an effort to expose my Hispanic boyfriend to a part of my culture, I took him to Abyssinia, and we encountered a rather inattentive and condescending waitress who not only took fifteen minutes in between each visit to our table to take orders, ask us how we were doing/if we needed anything, but actually flat-out refused to replace a couple components in our meat combo platter. Now, I would understand if this is  major inconvenience, but I wouldn't have asked for it if A) I was capable of digesting raw meat (kitfo), B) we weren't willing to pay extra, and C) they hadn't customized my order in the past. This happened to us not only once, but TWICE.
I was extremely disappointed and completely unsatisfied. My boyfriend did enjoy what little he did get to experience of Ethiopian cuisine, but I'm sure he will be delighted to get the full experience when we take our business elsewhere.
Abyssinia has also lowered its standards in giving equal portions of food; the ratio between injera (the tortilla-like bread used to scoop up meats/stews/veggies, etc.) to wot (stews, et al) balanced more heavily on the injera, which, if you've had Ethiopian food, is not the flavorful part of the meal.

Highly disappointed. I doubt I will return.
Food was really good but it took a long time for the food to come even though it was just my husband and myself in the restaurant. Would definitely go here again though since the food is worth it.
Finally got a chance to try Ethiopian food and this place did not disappoint.  Their entrees were delicious and very tasty.  I can't remember the names of the dishes but my party got the combo so that we could taste everything.  We weren't a fan of the raw meat though because it had a weird sour taste.  I am also not a fan of the bread.  It is just too sour for my taste and the texture is not something I'm used too but everyone else in my party loved it.  To each their own!  The only reason I'm giving this place a 3-star is because of lack of service.  We waited 40 minutes for our check because our server was busy entertaining a customer at the bar and waited another 15 minutes to wait for our change.  Overall, the foods were delicious.
Pretty good authentic Ethopian food and always served fresh. Remember since the food is made fresh there usually is a bit of a wait. We've never been there during the crazy hours so it hasn't been too bad. My only issue with this place is you have to pay for water.
Had something different every visit, always amazing! One of the times was my first time ever experiencing Ethiopian food and I was not disappointed. Everything is very fresh, very flavorful. Slightly off the strip so its enough out of the way but not hard to find. Must try!
The food is very tasty, but they substituted out something on my veggie combo without saying anything. Not cool if you have food allergies and don't know Ethiopian food enough to tell. The service was also pretty slow, but the flavors made up for it.
My boyfriend and I had pretty much the same thing and he was fine, but I ended up with a horrendous stomach ache after that, like because of unknown stuff on the veggie combo plate. Again, would have loved to know what I'm eating if they were gonna change stuff around, not cool :( Kinda scared me off of Ethiopian food for a while.
This was my first experience with Ethiopian food. I ordered the sampler platter with a little bit of everything. Injeri is this bread that comes with most of the dishes - I wasn't into it at first, but by the end of the meal I just wanted extra injera to take home. The only soda available was coke or sparkling water, I was hoping for something different though, like an African brand of soda or something. 

The atmosphere was chill, and I liked that, but it seemed like the waitress took a long time, and she only asked us once if we needed refills, we were probably there for 45 minutes. It was spicy!!! There were only three other couples dining at the time and 2 people working. I don't know if this is one of those places where the waitstaff is supposed to WAIT for you to call them over, or if the service is usually that slow. 

I'll definitely come back and try more Ethiopian dishes.
Three young women are in a taxi in Las Vegas. One of them has had a little bit of the drank, and starts talking to the cab driver. He says he's from Ethiopia. The young lady blurts out "You are?! Oh my gosh my friend LOVES Ethiopian food! Are there any good Ethiopian restaurants here?"

~~

So is that offensive? I think it probably is. But good news! The information traveled down to me and when I traveled down to the LV, as the kids call it, I got to go to Abyssinia. 

And it was sooooo good. That's four o's, representing how much I ended up losing in Vegas at the card tables after trying this restaurant. I ordered the Misir wot and veggie combo and it was so delicious that it caused my date to start loving Ethiopian food, which previously she thought was only okay. 

This is my favorite type of food, and Abyssinia nailed it. Also, the service was kind of bad but I do not care at all. Yum.
Abyssinia is so, so great. It's actually my first and only experience with Ethiopian food, so I don't really have a basis for comparison, but it has turned into my must have food. I moved out of town for a couple of minutes last year, and though there was an Ethiopian restaurant an hour away from me, it made more sense to drive the 12 hours home to eat here. (It's my "only experience", but I've been here a dozen times, don't get me wrong..) 

 My friends and I usually get the meat and veggie combo platter, and two or more of us fight over the hard boiled egg. Not that it's particularly better than everything else, but there's only one of them, and no silverware to split it up.. :) (I'm sure they would bring us some if we ever asked, but fighting is better.) The Injera breadstuff that you use to scoop up some filling is my favorite. Also, the honey wine is amazing. Don't ever go here with unadventurous eaters. They're downers, and they will probably make noises and turn their noses. It's a simple presentation, and the spices are harsh, kinda like Indian cuisine. I guess that's the best comparison.. If you like Indian, I think you'll LOOOOVE Ethiopian. 

There was a time that even though there seemed to be no one else in there, our waitress would not check on us often, but this has not been a problem the past few times I've been here. Either they have started to like me or they realized it was a problem.. Either way, I love this place. And I hope you don't because I don't want it to get crowded. :b
I'm not impressed by this place. Blue Nile will still be my go to location. Several items were missing from the combo meals, the bottles of water were a RIDICULOUS price, service was slow and non existent. Won't be returning.
This was a really nice reprieve from the madness of the casinos, come one in the morning. I was a bit surprised to find the restaurant completely empty, but it was almost one AM on a Tuesday morning...

The woman who took care of us was very kind and had a (lovely) thick accent.

In regards to the menu, it was mostly the standard fare I've seen for Ethiopian restaurants across the states, plus some extras. Ethiopian coffee and beer, sambusas as appetizers, individual meat and veggie dishes that could be combined into a hefty sampler. 

We ordered our regular Ethiopian picks:

Ethiopian beer: B
Sambusas: B- (they were just a titch over-cooked and didn't have the traditional chili sauce with them, as well as being a bit minimal on the pastry filling.)
Vegetarian sampler: A+ -- the tomato salad and carrot/ cauliflower dishes were better than my fave Ethiopian restaurant offers, while the two lentil dishes and the spinach dish were on par.

My true review of Abyssinia would be 4.5 stars, due to the sub par sambusas (my fave part of the meal) and very dark lighting. But if I lived in Vegas, I'd definitely visit them again.
My first time venturing into Ethiopian food.  I have a co-worker from Senegal and we have committed to trying all kinds of fare!  We arrived here after googling (so sad) but fun, late one Sunday night.  Passed it twice but finally found it tucked away.  The service was immediate and there were about 3 other tables of patron there at this late hour of the evening (maybe 10ish).  It is very dimly lit so if you dont' know anything about ths food move to a nicely lit table.  The prices were very fair.  Beers and wines available.  The food was fantastic.  The big plate that we shared was fun and different than anything I've experienced before.  I watched others who seemed familiar and my Senegalese friend also knew that you can eat with your hands.  What fun!  We ordered more and we will both definitely be back!
I'm as familiar with Ethiopian food as humans' understanding of the mechanics of a singularity. With that prologue, I agreed to try out this place with my friend Adam out of sheer curiosity. This is a casual place with inadequate ventilation so you may smell a little when you leave. Adam suggested that we start with something small and if we like it, we'll order more. What a great idea that was! The vegetable combination platter that we ordered, although seemed small, was so filling that we were stuffed after going through a quarter of it. 

You get four-five items sitting on top of a bread called injera. There were collard greens, stewed lentils and three different types of stewed peas: a mild version (yellow), a medium spicy version (orange) and a super tangy and spicy version (red). The mild peas and collard greens were sooooooo good! I loved them. I'm not into lentils so I skipped that while the red peas were the strangest thing I've ever tried.  It had such a strong kick to its taste, and did I mention how spicy this particular item was?!! 

Injera, the bread, came in a basket; a bundle of fluffy spongy goodness for you to tear up and dip into the stewed vegetables. I've never had anything quite like it. It was subtle and strange and yet very much agreeable with my palate! 

I wouldn't mind coming back here again. What an experience that was!
I've passed by Abyssinia many times. Once, humorously thinking that the name was a word play for "I'll be seeing ya." Nope. Abyssinia was actually what Ethiopia was once called in early history. 

I've been to only a couple of Ethiopian restaurants in my life, once in Washington D.C. and another time in SF. I went to Abyssinia for lunch with 4 coworkers and we were seated on regular dining tables. For dinner though, they make the entire dining area available. So if you're into a much more interesting experience, opt for no table and sit on the stools surrounding a basket which holds the food that you and your party will be sharing. There will be no plates and don't even think about asking for utensils. Ethiopians eat this stuff with their hands. and everything just tastes better when you do the same. If you're grossed out by having other people's fingers in your food, this might not be your cup of tea.

Our server recommended we share 2 meat combinations and their veggie combination. However, the food came out around 40 minutes after we ordered. Not sure if this was the norm but it was exceedingly slow since we were there on our lunch break from work. The food came on a large platter of stewed dishes on top of Injera bread and more bread on the side. Injera, an Ethiopian food staple, is a spongy flat bread used to sop up the food. The dough is fermented (like sourdough) which gives it a mildly-sour flavor. There was an assortment of meats (chicken, beef and lamb) and stewed veggie dishes. Wish our server took the time to give us a quick rundown of the dishes. I knew we ordered lamb but sadly couldn't tell which meat was which. Maybe it was due to the strong flavor of the stews. Some dishes were spicier than others and good overall but not the best I've ever tried. I will be returning - curious about the experience at dinner time. "I'll be seeing ya." Again.
Good food, good service, and good beer :)
Was skeptical at first, but now I'll be back.
Totally not worth your money.  The food was bland.  I know what good Ethiopian food is and this place does not serve it.
Another Meet-up of Poly's Adventures in Dining.  About 70 people at the event.

You know you ain't eating at a normal place when the first thing they give you when you walk in is a few shots from a hand sanitizer container !

The meal is basically served on a platter - there are about 5 different "stews" made with different meats ( lamb, chicken, pork beef ) small salads,  lentils and a basket of rolled up geez, i guess we'll call them pancake/ crepes that you use to scoop up the plattered  stews.

prior to the platter, they serve you an appetizer  that  after taking a bite i forgot how to breathe for about 3 seconds - it was a chili filled with lord knows what - one bite and my mouth and throat went numb from the heat !!  a gallon water later - i survived !

i even tried one of the stews that was actually raw lamb - called gored or goret - it was a little too chewy for me, but not bad and my stomach survived that experience.

The meal ended with a ceremony prior to serving a very, very, very strong coffee - a little sugar and it was ok by me.

A nice change of pace.  the owner and staff are very accommodating and very receptive to sharing the culture and food of Ethiopia.
This was probably the most awkward dining experience I have had in Vegas.  A coworker suggested it for lunch, and I should have done my research (Merkato across the street has 18 reviews; Axum had 1)...

We get there, the open sign is off.  Someone let us in anyway.  A few patrons smoking at the bar.  Even weirder, the lights in the restaurant were off.  I am convinced they were not really open and just had friends in smoking....seriously.  The tables were not really ready for meal service.

The nice lady behind the bar is also the waitress, and she hands us menus.  They do not serve tap water here, so we got bottles.  The menu only has maybe 8 things on it, I am not sure if it was just lunch or not.  I decide on a chicken dish - she says they are out.  So I order 1 beef and my coworker orders 1 lamb.  She asked if we want 2?  She did not really understand or speak English except for "thank you."  I was not sure if she meant 2 each or what, but when the food came, I realized she meant we could have split one.

Each plate was massive, and had the flat, soft bread on the bottom.  Mine had a salad, a paste, and then she poured my meat dish on it and provided a side of bread.  My friend had the lamb in the same set up but with some mashed yellow lentils.

The meat and sauce itself was good and had a nice spice, and the salad was fresh with chillies too, but the paste is what killed me.  I dipped some bread (this is all eat-by-hand, no utensils here), and it tasted like toxic ground coffee....I thought I was poisoned.  It was horrible.  I covered it with some extra bread and just ate a little more beef, but then a giant flying bug landed on the table and I lost my appetite.  Plus I was still eating in the dark and dipping my hands in an oily beef dish.

Honestly I think I am turned off from trying any Ethiopian restaurant now, and I would never go here again.  My friend felt bad and paid for me and took my leftovers.  I am fairly adventurous but I prefer to eat in restaurants that are open for business, have the lights on, and have someone who can explain in my language what the food is about so I can order correctly and know what I am eating.
Axum happened to be my first real experience with Ethiopian food (previously I had it while going to school at an ethnic potluck dinner). I went here with a group of 8 - 10 people, one of which loved the place and was actually the one to suggest we go. When I walked it I immediately noticed that there was group of I am guessing Ethiopians sitting around the bar and no one else. The place did not look very prepared for serving restaurant patrons. So the menus come out and I guess since he had suggested the restaurant he decided to order for everyone, since he was familiar with the cuisine. I'm a little miffed at this point, but don't care enough to make a big deal about it. At least they ordered some vegetarian food.

So when the food comes out, they have these huge platters with injera, the traditional Ethiopian bread, on the bottom and the food on top. I enjoyed the experience of eating with my hands and sharing, but the food was not that great and the atmosphere totally sucked.

When we had finished our meal, the waitress mentioned that the restaurant was under new management and handed us some business cards. I'm guessing the change of management could account for the discrepancy between Keith A's review and mine. Either that or I'm just a picky asshole. It's probably the later.
I was so impressed!!
I started with a cup of coffee, of course.  Ethiopian coffee is some of the best in the world and it was great.  We ordered from the lunch menu, which I thought was pretty extensive.  There were at least 25-30 different things to choose from.  Ethiopian food is served without silverware, and you pick it up with injera (a wonderful spongy flat bread).  It was a fabulous meal  We had a platter selection with two types of lentils, salads, cooked greens and a beef and green pepper dish.  All of which was wonderful.  The flavors are so dynamic.
The person who waited on us also cooked our meal.  We found her to be helpful and kind, and efficient.
I went here with a MeetUp group that had set-up a flat rate meal for us all, so I didn't look at the menu to see what the usual prices are. That being said, I LOVED the food here! I had never tried Ethiopian cuisine before, but I'm definitely a fan now! 
The restaurant is quite small and not in the best location. I think it's a family business. The service was very good, especially considering our group practically filled the entire restaurant.
They did a coffee ceremony for us, which included roasting fresh coffee beans right in front of us - REALLY cool! Apparently, they believe Ethiopians were the first to discover coffee, and so it's a big deal for them. Of course, I don't know if they do the ceremony every evening, or if it was a special request by our organizer, or a "gift" for bringing so much business to them.
I am new to Ethiopian food, and I couldn't tell you the name of any of the dishes, even if you showed one to me right now, but I absolutely loved this restaurant.  The food was great! We had a combination veggie/meat dish that was probably enough food to feed 6 people. Not only was there a lot of food, it was good quality food. The vegetables were fresh and the meats were tender. Everything was well seasoned and there was a wide variety of textures and so many different flavors to try. The colors were beautiful and everything was arrayed so nicely it felt like a feast.

The service was excellent and very personable. Our server was the same person who cooked the food and she answered all of our questions and was very patient with our "newness" to the cuisine.

The most amazing part is that it cost us only $25 to feed 4 people with a ton of leftovers. I couldn't believe the price for the quality of the food and excellent service. If you're looking to try something new, you really have nothing to lose by going to Blue Nile because a.) it's yummy and b.) it's so affordable. 

I'll definitely visit again and actually try to pay attention to what I order next time. :)
My mom was in town for a convention (go figure!) and we were deciding on places to eat when my mother mentioned she had never tried Ethiopian cuisine before. Having tried a couple of Ethiopian restaurants in the area I decided to find something new on Yelp. Blue Nile seemed to have decent reviews.

We ordered the vegetarian combo. The food was definitely more than my mother and I could finish and it was all very tasty. From my visits to other Ethiopian places in Vegas like Axum, I can say this was definitely the best tasting Ethiopian food I have had in the area.

Additionally the wait staff was very friendly. When we came in we were the only people in the restaurant and they treated us very well. They patiently described all the dishes that my mother asked about and made us feel very welcome. In fact later on in the evening during our coffee ceremony some of the wait staff's family came in with some homemade bread they had made. They cut some of it up and offered it to us as well.

This would have been a five star review, but the ambience just wasn't there. Maybe it was because we came so late and no one else was in the restaurant. Regardless this is definitely a restaurant I will be visiting again.
A wonderful experience, modest price, superb quality, luscious flavors.

This restaurant is located on Desert Inn Road, between Wynn and Arville, on the north side of the road in a very unassuming building with several other very low-key businesses (too small to be called a strip mall...be careful as you drive passed it...you just might miss it altogether!). I uploaded a picture of the signage that can be viewed from Desert Inn. If you are driving from "The Strip", head west (up) on either Tropicana or Flamingo, turn north (right) onto Valley View to pick up Desert Inn Road. From Valley View, turn west again (left) onto Desert Inn Road and it's a couple blocks up on the north (right) side between Wynn and Arville. If you hit Arville, you've gone too far.

Attention to detail is what this restaurant is all about. The interior is tastefully decorated, but not overdone. The atmosphere is cozy and intimate. The restaurant is run by two very attentive people, so be patient if the restaurant is busy. It is all worth it. This is an Ethiopian restaurant, with Ethiopian customs. Ask for the check when you are ready, as is their custom.

I also uploaded photos of the meal. The lamb entree (#2) and the beef entree were served with injera, a pancake-style bread that is used instead of forks or spoons (but those are provided as a courtesy ;) The Ethiopian custom is to tear off a piece of injera and sort of scoop portions of the entree into your mouth with the injera. The textures are phenomenal, the process of finger-fooding the spiciness and sauciness is decadent and alluring, and Blue Nile serves an intoxicating authenticity worthy of frequent return visits.

For an honest and authentic meal, visit Blue Nile Ethiopian Restaurant. There are ample portions served with seductive flavors and high quality ingredients by wonderful people...a wonderful experience.

$30 with drinks, tax and tip for two (hungry, epicurean, foodie-sort-of) people. If you want glitz and glamor, you've come too far off "The Strip". If you want an authentic Ethiopian restaurant, this is your place.
Honest, great food.

Food:
The great thing about ethiopian is their use of distinct, strong, spices.  There were a lot of flavors that were difficult to describe or recognize.  If these meals were served on shinny white square plates, they could charge $40/plate.  It really is that good.  The portions didn't look big until we started eating.  The fermented Injera bread (+ eating utensil) was delicious and filling.  Order much less than you think you need.  The ethiopian beer was light, floral, and would be great on on a hot day.

Service:
We went there for my daughter's 4th birthday and the staff went all out.  I don't think ethiopia has many deserts so the gave us a giant loaf of bread.  It was great.

Location:
They are located in a typical low rent strip mall and not impressive at all.  If you are influenced by fancy plates and napkins, head to the strip.  If you only concerned by the quality of the food, go here.
They charged us for water. They didn't even offer tap. The food was poor to mediocre for ethiopian. We ordered the veggie combo. Merkato is better.
Unique tastes.. we really enjoyed the food and it was fun to eat without utensils.  Fun and different experience.  Will definitely go back.
After the experience we had at Merkato, I needed to try ethiopian food again and, I hoped, enjoy it.

Mission accomplished.

Blue Nile is small but inviting, almost hidden away in a tiny commercial center. Simple without being simplistic, it was bright, clean, quiet, a little colorful, and just slightly eclectic in its decor.

Casual and friendly, the staff seemed to be preparing for the evening when I walked in to wait for my friend. Immediately greeted in at least three different languages (which I found really cool) and facing a barrage of genuine smiles, I was at ease right away. I was allowed to choose my table; I picked a seat in eyesight of the door and settled in.

The wine I had while waiting was a "house" chardonnay and only cool, not cold. As I wasn't here for the wine, I didn't let that phase me. Bonus points for the bottled orange soda that made my friend grin from ear to ear and reminisce about childhood. Wine? What wine? It was already forgotten.

Again we chose a sampler platter and some extras so we could really get a feel and a taste for the place. In a word: fantastic.

The flavors were, all at once, deep and bright, sweet, spicy, and savory. I can't eat the bread but my friend loved it. The proteins were tender and juicy and the produce was fresh. The staff was happy to help us build our platter and choose items based on flavors we liked and our desire to be introduced to new things. Delicious is an understatement.

We stuffed ourselves silly because we just didn't want to stop eating. The waitress offered more and we actually debated it, even though we still had so much in front of us. I think a to-go box was mentioned more than once.

It was evident that great care went into the experience, from the food to our care, and the whole thing renewed my excitement about a new (to me) cuisine.
What a wonderful experience!

This time I ordered the "veggie platter" and the "meat platter" (see photos). A sampling of all different spices and textures.

The iced tea had a sexy hint of clove and other spices. MrOwR!

A rare gem in Las Vegas.
Certainly one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas--this gem of a restaurant in a strip mall serves up some of the area's finest food. The injera bread is tangy and spongy, and used to pick up and eat all the delicious tastes of both meat and vegetarian food. No need for silverware or dishes: plenty of injera bread is always hot and ready to eat Ethiopian family style. The flavors are exotic and blend well with tang of the bread. Magda, the owner, greets diners as if they are old friends visiting her home. This is the second time I have eaten here, and absolutely love the atmosphere, the quality of food, the courtesy of the staff and a whole lot of bang for the buck. You won't leave here hungry!
Place is nothing fancy,but they have their own ethnic decor on the walls. the staff is very friendly and helpful with questions. It was my first time trying Ethiopian food. And I can say that it was a very new and delicious experience. I never thought a vegitarian dish can be as satisfying as a meat dish. I ordered both the meat and veggie combo platters.  Delicious!!! I'm going back again. I took my mother with me as well, she loved it too and said she wants to bring her friends there.  I suggest to anyone to try Ethiopian food before you die!! Lol!! I'm probably going to learn how to cook it myself! The food's flavors were very interesting.  It's definately different from the normal everyday foods.
It was my first time trying Ethiopian food and I was glad I chose this place. My bf and I were the first customers dining in. We even walked Chinatown because the restaurant wasn't open yet. The owner was very helpful in helping us choose what to order, one of them including fish. It was a lot of food for two people, because we had a dining certificate and we needed to fulfill the minimum order. We wait forever for the food, but we didn't mind too much because we were the only customers there and we knew the food was going to be very fresh. At some point the burning of the incense got a bit too suffocating, but somehow we got used to it once the food came out.
The experience was really fun and I liked the majority of the dishes, especially the fish. I would call this a mini buffet served on one big platter, but you eat it with the bread.
My family and I had such a nice experience here! I'm not one to try new foods and this wouldn't be my first choice. However, this place was so great! The servers were so nice and very helpful with the menus and always checked on us. The food was good! And it was served on a big platter for all to share. It was beautifully displayed and over all, I think all 4 of us left happy. The best part...the bill came out to $23!! So shocking! I recommend people to try it! :)
I put this restaurant on my places to try. Late one night this January, I was really hungry and looking for good take out. So the Blue Nile it was. I ordered on the phone in the car on the way over there. We had a little bit of a language barrier but managed to get a veggie combo ordered for $10. I have to say, I really enjoyed it. The combo included cabbage, greens, lentils, and one or two other things. I didn't go in but my husband said that they were very attentive, offering him water and one of the staff insisting that the waitress get him a straw. He thought that was interesting and kind. The only thing that I wasn't banged out about was that the injera (sour bread pancake that the food is served on and used as utensil for eating) was torn pieces instead of whole. The bottom one was whole. But the injera on top was in pieces which made me wonder if it was fresh or left over - but I was hungry enough that I dismissed the thought and was able to enjoy my food. It is on par with some of the other Ethiopian food I've had in town (Cottage Cafe & Queen of Sheba). I don't know about the dining experience because I did take out. But I would try it again to see if I like the meat dishes and to see how the dine-in compares to the take-out.
We loved it. I'm a foodie and it satisfied my need for ethnic food. We had the veggie and meet combo and they were both great. Service was great. We definitely recommend it and will come again.
We visited Blue Nile after reading the reviews on Yelp. We were looking for something ethnic, authentic and different. This place was fantastic! We ordered the meat and vegetarian platters. They brought the food on a huge tray with a basket of soft, tender injera bread. Our order included 4 delicious lentil purées, 4 tasty meats, two salads and several vegetables. 

The service was excellent. They went out of their way to make sure we had enough to drink, enough bread, etc. We enjoyed talking to the family that runs the place.

Definitely go!
Okay, so I'd been jonesing for Ethiopian food for a few months, and after reading all the five-star reviews on Yelp, Blue Nile seemed like the place to go.  I was super stoked and even bought a coupon at Restaurant.com for the occasion.

The only explaination for all these five star reviews is those reviewers have never had Ethiopean and have no basis for comparison.  :-/

Also, my disclaimer:  I'm super easy to please, and I like everything!  Check out my other reviews - I'm not just a grumpy butthead who finds something wrong in everything - I go out of my way to find the good, and did so here as well.  It just didn't work out...

Blue Nile is a easy to miss - it's a little hole-in-the wall place buried in a nondescript strip mall- perfect.  In my experience, the best restaurants are tiny family-run (or look like they are - I have no idea who owns this place.)  Moving along...

My friend and I were seated, and we decided on the vegetarian sampler and the meat sampler.  We also got a couple of glasses of wine.  Everything is so cheap this meant I wouldn't make the $35 (alcohol not included) minimum, but I wasn't worried - I figured we'd pick our favorite dish at the end of the night and get it to go!  I freaking love Ethiopian food, dude.  

*Side note - because I read that service was slow (and our first waitress didn't speak English and had to send over someone else - no biggie, but kind of interesting side note, since I hecka don't look like someone who would speak Ethiopian), we looked to see if there was an appetizer to order.  I don't remember if nothing looked good or they didn't really have any appetizers, but I know we didn't get one.  

And then...

The food took an hour and a half to cook.  (Really wanted an appetizer...making me think they must not have really had anything.  I would have ordered freaking Doritos at that point, if they were available and ready to go.)

We were the only people in the restaurant almost that whole time, but when we got here, a family of five was leaving, so I know it wasn't that they didn't have to cook yet that evening.

When the food came out, the injera was cold.  (It is generally served warm.)  And I don't mean room temperature, I mean COLD.  Meaning the giant pieces our food was sitting on had made our platters cold, too.  :P  

In the end, portions on the sampler platters were small, and unimpressive (and cold).  My friend had never had Ethiopian, and I had to keep apologizing and telling him, "It's usually not like this, I swear..."  Also, on both platters, a large section was "salad" - iceberg with what tasted like Italian dressing?  Yikes.

At any rate, I was so non-plussed that we didn't get a to-go box, I didn't order something to go so I could use the voucher I'd purchased at restaurant.com  (booo), and I would never recommend it.  

Blue Nile isn't bad per se, they're just super far from good.  :(
i've always been wanting to try ethiopian food and after looking at a few reviews, blue nile got my attention. when we got there the place was empty, and the first thing i noticed was the restroom is located by the front door which i thought was pretty weird. the place has a strong smell of incense but you sort of get used to it after a few minutes. 

anyway we got a choice of table we want, and our server was very accomodating and super nice. we first ordered our drinks so we tried their two kinds of ethiopian beer. the smaller bottle (forgot the name so please refer to my pic) is a darker, sweeter taste, almost like their guinness version. the taller bottle, a lighter, dryer taste is not as heavy to drink, but just as good, and it's like almost their budlight version. while we were enjoying our drinks and waiting for our food (we ordered the vegetarian plate and the meat combination plate), a lady (which i thought was the supervisor) came over and had a little chat with us. it was very nice, i thought, and she practically welcomed us and briefed us about how to eat ethiopian cuisine. very nice lady. :) the food is A LOT. you eat the small portions of chickpeas, garbanzo, lamb, beef, etc., with their very light, almost pancake texture bread. everything was just so flavorful and they use a lot of different spices. will definitely come back next time i'm craving ethnic food. :)
Excellent!  Amazing food, terrific service, wonderful people...doesn't get much better then this!
I visited this restaurant April 16th while on business in Las Vegas.  There were 3 of us. The food was so inexpensive we just ordered whatever we felt like. I am happy to say the food was also wonderfully delicious. 3 people, 5 main dishes, 4 beers. Less than $80 excluding tip - and we ordered some of the most expensive items.

Unlike other reviewers we were greeted in English. I found our servers to be very attentive. I never felt rushed.

I realize you have to "find" this restaurant. It is way out of the way for vegas and we wondered if our gps led us correctly. However, once we got there it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience.

Highly recommended.
This is a family-run place in an unassuming strip mall, only 3 miles from the Strip.

We are vegetarian, we found the veggie sampler plate with various lentils, warm cabbage, cold salad, and injera bread to eat it all with, just the thing for our tastes! We added their 2 kinds of hot sauce to meet our preferences. 

Friendly, helpful staff, tasty food, moderate prices, good beer. What's not to like?
Food was so good that my wife and I return two more times while on vacation in Las Vegas.
We went here last week and Wow! Didn't realize it at the time but we got there right as they unlocked the doors. Didn't matter though. The owner is an amazing woman who was welcoming and a great cook. The food was tasty and plentiful. We had more than the two of us could eat and took some of it home.
The decor was fun and interesting to look at.
I look forward to going there again.
First time ever trying Ethiopian food, though it had been on my radar for a while.  I knew Blue Nile was close to my work but I usually only get a 30 minute break and take-out didn't seem like the best idea given the pictures I saw of the platters served here.   It does say Take out is available so one of these days I just might try it.   The fact that I found the food absolutely delicious certainly helps in making me want to try it.   On another note, I may have also tried take out in the past but COULDNT FIND A MENU ANYWHERE.  No official website, no pictures on Yelp, none available on menuism.net or menusearch.com or tonsomenus.org or any of those terrible sites that never have working menus anyway.  That I didnt take a picture of it myself and upload it here is totally besides the point

I first started by trying some iced tea, which was brought out with a small jar of limes and a container of sugar which I thought was a nice touch.  My co-worker and I both ordered the Vegetarian platter and shortly after we ordered we were presented with the giant platter of various vegetable dishes all on top of a huge piece of injera.  The very nice woman who might or might not also be the owner also brought out a basket of the same bread.   I only know it's injera bread because of Yelp.  Thanks guys.  I grabbed a piece of the bread from the basket and scooped up some of the lentils which was the centerpiece of the platter.   Wow, it was so tasty.   The injera was spongey and very sourdough like as I expected from other reviews and I enjoyed it, but the star was the lentils.   This is going to sound like the most backhanded compliment ever, but they actually tasted like taco bell ground beef to me.  To me this is actually a good thing which is yet another embarrassing revelation I'm making on here.  Anyway, throughout the entire meal I couldn't get enough of the lentils and how much I thought they tasted like beef to me.   Veggies tasting like meat are about the best thing ever.  I enjoyed all of the other veggies too, from the green beans to the various purees, and much like I always do I loved mixing veggies together and trying different combos with each bite.  

The only minor gripes which didn't really affect my rating
1.  As much as I liked the injera, after a while I found my palate getting a little tired of it.   It was also lukewarm to cold, and I assumed that was how it was supposed to be but I saw another reviewer mention it should be hot?   If this is true I would have much preferred some heat to it, but I'm not aware enough to make that call.
2.  They don't open until 1 pm.   I prefer an earlier lunch, so I found myself just counting the minutes from about 12:15 til 1 to go down there.  Personal thing, but I think it should count
3.  I really wanted to try some meat but the majority seemed to be cooked in some type of butter.   Again this could be traditional cooking and I still loved the vegetarian platter, but I was a little bummed about not being able to try both without worrying about my lactose intolerance (shakes fist to the heavens) and my choices were overall limited. 

So first time, but certainly not the last!
This restaurant was different for me.  I like places where you're our of your element and the food is good.  At first, it was hard to find because they don't have any signs lit up.  The owner told us that he is gonna have a sign out on the side of the road so that people know where it's located.

I'm vegan, so I ordered the veggie plate with also happens to be vegan.  My friends ordered half meat and veggie plate.   The food was awesome and very tasty.  At first, i thought how could I get full off this plate... but it did satisfy me.  The bread was different, but in a good way.  You just dip the bread int the different things that are on the platter.  Some of the things are spicy and some are sweet.  It was a good arrangement of spices.  

I think this is a good place to not only bring your friends, but to bring people visiting.  This is a good place to experience different foods.  The owner is really nice and the service was good. 

We went with a group of 6 people and ordered 3 platters: 2 veggie and 1 meat... that was enough food for the 6 of us.  Our bill was about  $40.  I think it's a great deal.  I would come back to this place.
Extremely long wait, when there was one other table only, we went in for dine in and left an hour and 20 minutes later with our food to go. Some of our food was even cold, although the atmosphere was pretty, it was a horrible experience. I've only had 2 other places that serve Ethiopian food but Blue Nile was the only bad experience and bad tasting that I've had. Reading the other reviews tempts me to wanna give it another try, I am hoping maybe the time I went the cook walked out or something... Next time Ill make sure to have a whole evening free, bring my laptop with a film qued up just incase the wait is long again.
If we hadn't had the exact address, we'd have driven from Summerlin to the Strip without finding it.  Its neighbors are everything related to cars - tinting, auto glass, car insurance - and Blue Nile.  In the land of neon, only the lit-up word OPEN grabbed our attention.

At 8:30 on a Tuesday night, we were the only diners.  The small bar was populated by Ethiopians.  We were greeted warmly by the owner(?), and given menus, which have no appetizers, drinks, desserts, or alcoholic beverages, just the entrees.  Thirteen of them, and that's it!!  I wanted honey wine and my husband wanted an Ethiopian beer, but they were out of both of them; the shipment from California that was supposed to arrive that afternoon didn't come, so we stuck with the delicious Las Vegas tap water.  (I never drink water unless it has coffee in in).

Roberto, whom I presume is the owner - or son of - was extremely patient with our inability to choose what we wanted to eat, but we finally settled on a meat combo and a veggie combo.  We had them combined onto one huge platter.  My favorites were the dry lamb, which was cooked to the consistency of shoe leather.  Normally I like my meat rare, and at first taste I was blown off by it.  But it grew on me, because the flavor was really intense - not spicy, just delicious.  I also loved the pureed yellow peas and the spinach mixed with some sort of cheese, which helped cool down some of the spice, as Roberto suggested.  The string beans were good, but they definitely started out life in a tin can, as did the plain spinach.  There was plenty of injera to mop up everything, but the best injera was the one lining the platter, since it soaked up the flavors of all the foods.  

My major complaint is that they need better napkins.  It's impossible to eat this kind of messy food and have to use the kind of tissue paper napkins you'd find in a stand-up dispenser at Taco Bell.  Nah, I think even theirs are better quality.

We didn't leave with a doggie bag, but we left full and happy.  Next time, though, I'll call to make sure they got their booze delivery.
Great food and very cheap! I love the vegetarian and fish dishes.  Be careful the injera bread fills you up!  Friendly staff.
1st time trying Ethiopian chow.  One of the better meals, if not best meal, I've had this year.  The owners (or whom we assumed were the owners) made us feel super welcome.  We would come back here again... and again! As a strict meat 'n' potatoes guy... I am biting my tongue saying this but the vegan dish was the best!!!! I even got some to-go for tomorrow.
I crave Ethiopian food.  I crave the spice factor, the flavors that only Ethiopian food can give.  And this week I gave into that craving.

We've tried quite a few Ethiopian restaurants in Vegas, and decided to try a new one this time - Blue Nile.

We arrived on a Wednesday evening and the restaurant was empty.  We weren't deterred because most Ethiopian restaurants are always empty when we choose to dine.  It's the timing!

You definitely have to pay attention when you're looking for this restaurant.  The outside is nothing to rave about, but it's surprisingly nice inside.  We had our choice of tables and the waiter asked if we were okay with the basketball game on.  We were and once he realized that the Husband was paying attention to the game, he asked if we wanted to move closer to the TV.  We declined but appreciated his offer.  (Note: No language barriers here!)

We now know what we want these days without needing to look at the menu.  Their menu is pretty short - only 13 items on there!

We chose the Vegetarian Combo "A combination dish of pureed split lentil cooked with onion and hot pepper in zesty spicy sauce, green pepper, collared green sauteed with garlic and cooked cured cabbage, potato, and carrots." ($9.99) and Kitfo "Lean red chopped beef minced, blended and delicately seasoned in hot spice...raw, medium, or well-done." ($10.99). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blue-nile-ethiopian-restaurant-las-vegas?select=u5U9roXHFQ1IWpfU1UGZJw#BSv57_OeogGrShN-lmwVMw

The Vegetarian Combo arrived first and we were starving, so we just dove right in.  We couldn't wait for the Kitfo to arrive although it did shortly after.  (It did seem like we had to wait a little longer than usual for our food...not sure if it's because we were famished or it actually took longer.)  The Husband commented that it looked like we got less food in the combo than other places and looking back at some of the other places we've eaten, I do have to agree.  However, the amount of kitfo we got was quite generous.  We had leftovers!

The waiter explained everything we got - which was actually Yellow Lentils, Chickpeas, Collared Greens, Red Lentils, Fresh Salad, Cured Cabbage, and String Beans.  (No potato or carrots as mentioned in the menu description.)  Each item was good, but I do believe that the lentils have been a bit more flavorful at other places.  The kitfo was super flavorful though!  We did ask for it to be medium and it was more medium rare, which we still ate.  It also came with a homemade spinach and cheese concoction to help with the heat.  I didn't really notice that much heat coming from any of the food, except when we chose to add the much needed hot red pepper seasoning.

We needed more water and injera bread, and did have to wait to be noticed first about needing those as opposed to it arriving before we were out.

Overall, it was good.  There were some things better here than others and vice versa, but we'd come back. We usually never have leftovers, so that was a first.  I think I might be craving it again next week...where to next?

3.5 stars.
Excellent 
Service impeccable 
Food cheap et bon
Mmmm! SO good. Don't let the location and the outside fool you... A cute Ethiopian style interior and really friendly owner should start your night off nicely.

Make sure you're hungry!! You eat the meal with a crepe like bread called Injera so it fills you up real good. 

My boyfriend and I got the Vegetarian combo, which is also Vegan. So delicious! It has a great variety of tastes, its healthy and is only $9.99

Check it out!!
I love Ethiopian food, but keep going to the same place and get the same thing. This time, I wanted to break the cycle and try something new. 

Outside it doesnt seem like much, but inside is comfy and decorated with Ethiopian items and pictures on the walls.

The BF and I shared the meat combo which comes with 2 types of beef dishes, 2 types of lamb dishes, some salad and some crumbly cheese. There was a sauteed beef with jalapenos, tomatoes and onions and the flavor was good, but it was tough. A ground beef dish that was alright. The lamb dishes were better in terms of it being more tender, both stews were decent and they gave us a bit more of one of them. 

While we were full, I feel the portions here seem a bit smaller than other places I've tried. The seasoning was good, if only it were all tender.

The guy that took our order was nice enough. 

I think it's probably a decent place, but maybe not beef dishes. Next time, I will probably get my usual - a vegetarian combination.
Although its not as good as the home made stuff Ive had, I love this place for my ethiopian fix and you cant beat the pricing.  Think Ive been here at least 6 times and have never been dissappointed.
We took our family here for dinner because the restaurant was recommended by a friend.  Having never eaten Ethiopian food before it was a good cultural experience.  The food and the atmosphere were both very nice.  The restaurant was clean.  We enjoyed it.
The food made us sick. The food is over spiced and this cover the taste. The typical bread is not so tasty (I was expecting much better). The vegetable plate was so heavy that we were feeling bad for 1 day and half. The price is for normal restaurant so overpriced. I was expecting much better and felt disappointed.
'Absolutely amazing' is the only way that I can describe the vegetarian combo at Blue Nile. A vegan delight, the beautiful flavors in this dish are unlike anything you have ever experienced before. I have been a regular diner here for a little over a year now and couldn't dream of life without this restaurant. The other Ethiopian spots in town fail in comparison when it comes to their versions of the vegetarian combo.

I urge you to give this family owned restaurant a try-- you will be so glad you did!

Tell them that Aly, the girl with the flower in her hair sent you ;) they'll know who you're referring to!
That was soo good. They load you up on bread, so that was left behind loads. I will say, every turn you take on the veggie combo was increasingly pleasant. Clearly my go to spot when in Sin City. Officially!
This was my first experience with Ethiopian food.  I went there with a group of 12 ladies.  Our waiter was very attentive and friendly.  He even turned down the music so our large group could hear each other.  The food was really delicious.  You use bread to pick up the meat and vegetables, which is kind of sour with a slight vinegar flavor, which I loved.  The lamb and vege platter was my favorite.  I will be back!
This is an update to the review I posted over a year ago, and I'm sorry to say that this has to be - by far - the worst meal we've had in the 10 years we've been in Vegas.

Last time we ordered combos, and that seems to have made the difference.  This time, not so hungry after snacking at an earlier function, we decided to go the individual dish route.

The same 13 choices are on the menu.  Except for one lamb, one fish (which I'd be afraid to try here) and a vegetable combo, the rest are beef, beef, and more beef.  The veggie might have been an option, but not after two of them were listed as collard greens and cabbage.  Not exciting at all.  

I wanted a glass of honey wine, which I had tasted a few years earlier at a different Ethiopian restaurant.  It's a strange wine, but I've got strange tastes.  Almost verbatim, the owner repeated the same line as last time, about the wine coming from L.A. and they didn't get the shipment.  Coincidence?  Maybe.  But I don't think so.  He didn't suggest anything else, and I didn't ask.  I was already feeling the downer vibe, and stuck with water.

I started to order the dry-sauteed beef, but he said it might be a little dry and chewy, so we switched to two others.  They seemed to be variations of the same dish.  One had some tomatoes added to the jalapeños and onions,  and was in tiny pieces.  The other had longer strips that were way too long to eat comfortably, and also had the jalapeños and onion, but no tomatoes.  Both dishes were poured into a large tray lined with the injera bread, and the tray had a tiny serving of salad - two tablespoons if I'm being generous - for each of us.

The small beef dice had no flavor whatsoever.  The long strips had a little more flavor, though not much.  Both were improved by the vinegar in the injera. But they were both tough as nails.  When the owner came over to ask how things were going, I told him that the beef was tough.  He paused a couple of seconds, said "Okay," and walked away.  The salad didn't taste fresh and had some brown pieces.

The only other customers were a table of four with a baby who didn't stop shrieking the whole time.  But they provided some much-needed entertainment:  the kid sat on the mother's lap and kept yanking at the strings of beads that were the front window curtain.  Each time she pulled, the rod arced downward, and the mom never attempted to stop her.  This being Vegas, I made book with Herb about how long it would take before the whole curtain came crashing down.  Neither of us won, because thankfully they left halfway through our meal.  Then the music was cranked up a little.  I love Arabic music with a beat, 'cause I can belly dance in my seat.  But this stuff was some awful male singer wailing, and it was unbearable.

The only thing good that I can say is that at least it's cheap.  Each of our beef dishes was 9.99.  But since it comes only with the anemic little bit of salad, and the beef obviously wasn't filet mignon, it wasn't worth even that much.  I can't even say "stick with the chicken," because there was none.
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(155/365) "Hand Job"

I am no expert on Ethiopian Cuisine,but when the chance arrived to meet up with The D's(David and Debbie) who have dined here on more than one occasion, I decided to give it another go. David's sister and her husband also joined us, so with our party of 5, the best thing to do with their 13 item menu was go with the meat sampler and the vegetarian sampler so we could try a variety of things. We also got one of their Tibs offerings as well.

We also tried an Ethiopian beer which was pretty good ,and I guess Ethiopians take their coffee seriously as we were sat next to the area where the coffee ceremony takes place which would have been interesting to see, but we were the only diners and we came for the food, not the coffee. I love the opportunity to be able to eat with  your hands and this is one of the few places in town where your hands are the silverware. 

Our meal arrives on a huge silver platter and our waiter also disperses the Tibs in small piles onto the platter so that it is accessible to everyone. The smell of the Injera reminded me right away of San Francisco Sourdough and it also does have a slight tang to it due to the fermentation process the Injera batter goes through before being steamed. I loved the flavors of each item I sampled,(Lentils, Collard Greens, Green Beans, Lamb, a Beef Jerky type item, a smoked meat one, etc.) but my favorites were the Lamb, Tibs, and Spicy Lentils. The salad was nothing special with Italian dressing on top, and the cheese looked like Feta, but tasted more like a Queso Fresco. The prices here are very cheap too.  Came out to $10/person, tip included.  Can't wait to come back!  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4
Two words.....  "Vegetarian Combo" !! So this place is the epitome of a hole in the wall. Small store front but an unusually roomy feeling for the small space. Not to mention a full bar. Uhh yeah 5 stars!
Hidden in the corner of a strip mall near Food 4 Less is an unassuming Ethiopian restaurant.  The red-yellow-green signage illuminates the restaurant's name and it's cuisine.

Walking in, this was probably one of the nicest Ethiopian restaurants in town.  The modern furniture immediately sets the tone, along with a bar on the right and a small stage area in the back.

On a Saturday night, we were the only customers.  We weren't concerned though because our previous experiences at other Ethiopian restaurants have always left us in the minority.

Queen of Sheba's menu is very limited - with only 15 items.  Of course, we knew exactly what we wanted and they definitely had it.

#4. Kitfo "Lean red chopped beef minced, blended and delicately seasoned in hot spice." ($8.99)  We made a point of saying we wanted it raw, and again, the eyebrows were raised.  And when it arrived, it was slightly warmed and tasted just divine.  The portion was quite generous and we agreed, this was probably the best kitfo we've had so far! 

#13. Vegetarian Combo "A combination of split lentil peas, cabbage and potatoes/carrots and fresh salad." ($8.99)  It arrived with green and red lentils, yellow beans, steamed cabbage, and string beans.  The waitress asked if we wanted cheese, which we definitely did, and we also asked for the red chili powder.  There wasn't any 'fresh salad', but we could care less because their red and green lentils were so good here.  They had good spices mixed in, and we were loving it. The yellow beans were really good too.  The string beans and steamed cabbage are okay, as they were the same as the other restaurants.  We agreed that they do their legumes really well here, and probably would just order a plate of the red lentils on its own, or even the green lentils or yellow beans.

Service was fine - one waitress who took care of us the whole time.  She was pleasant, but we had some language barriers about ordering water which eventually worked itself out.  She came by to check on us and brought out more injera when she saw we were getting low.  The bathrooms could use a bit of a cleanup, the men's room smelled like urine and the women's room had graffiti and lacked toilet paper and paper towels.  

Overall, Queen of Sheba is one of our fave Ethiopian restaurants of the five we tried.  With their limited menu, it may be challenging for newbies.  But they offer the staples we like, and we'll probably return when we crave raw beef!

Per their website, they offer live reggae on Friday nights.
First, let's just say this place is what it means to go to an ethnic place, have communication difficulties, not be sure of exactly what you ate, yet come away with a very nice memorable meal. 

Clean and spartan mix of dark browns and blood deep reds to the chairs and walls. Overly spacious, but quiet setting. Though a little odd having a spate of speakers and mixers to the rear. Comfy chairs, some outside space to dine as well. Quirky, yet not daunting. And the initial smell that hits you when you step inside is quite inviting 

Here's where it gets interesting- the servers we met were very friendly, but English is not their strong suit. But they never appear condescending or aloof. In fact, they are very nice and don't make you feel alien, though communications tumbles a bit. 

We hit them up on a Saturday and opted for the lunch buffet. This gave us a smattering of the various dishes of Ethiopian cuisine they offered. 

Basically you use these buckwheat pancakes and spoon on the various dishes and eat by hand. I'm not going to abuse the names of the dishes, especially since we went round and round trying to get the names but running into a language roadblock at most turns. 

So best items include: A ground meat dish served with what I believe is some type of cracked wheat that tastes wonderful and is full of exotic spices in a smooth polenta-like texture. Coriander, cummin, cinnamon, a little curry maybe. Very complex flavors. 

The spicy chicken. I don't know what the red sauce is, but did tasted both spicy and cool at the same time. The spices sneak up on you: kind of flat at first, then they bloom in your mouth and give you spice and smokey peppers and some heat without overwhelming your tongue. Really well balanced dish. 

The greens served with lamb was a nice combination as well. The lamb was cooked well mostly, though sitting on a table for a while did toughen some bites up a bit. As good as the lamb tasted, the greens stole the show. Minerally and firm, not mushy or overcooked. 

And this is all served at a languid, no-need-to-rush pace. Stick around and coffee is your reward. A nice thick concoction made in the tradition manner- by hand, no espresso machines here. No foo foo watered down cafe coffee, little c this.Strong and bold ( hint: a spoon of sugar cuts the bitterness by a lot ). Nice hospitality. And the smell is divine when they start it and bring out the toasting beans to give everyone a smell of the aroma for anticipation. 

So if you want the exotic flavors not commonly found in Vegas, give them a try. The communication is difficult, but not exasperating nor vexing. And the prices are quite reasonable. This is really a pleasant little surprise that deserves further examination.
The food is authentic but I have had better Ethiopian food. Not sure what the other options in Vegas are - but try awash in Los Angeles. That is in a league of it's own and after eating there this place first not stack up. I would not come back here.
I'm always on the hunt for a new restaurant and ethnic dining is my default so I thought I'd try Queen of Sheba on a Saturday afternoon.

I was one of only two other tables of diners, so I thought the service would be attentive and efficient. Boy was I wrong! After seating myself, I waited for a glass of water and a menu. Then I waited for the waitress to wander back over so I could place my order. And luckily for me, I'm familiar with Ethopian food because the waitress was not forthcoming about specials, suggestions, etc. In fact, she barely spoke at all. 

At this point it's been about twenty minutes, and I've just now ordered and still have nothing to drink. It look another 45 minutes for them  to cook my veggie combo, during which time no one refilled my drink or offered an explanation for the wait.

The food itself was okay, but by the time it arrived, I was ready to just call it quits and go to Taco Bell. I understand it's not fast food nor 5 star dining, but it shouldn't take and hour and a half for a simple lunch, especially when the place is deserted. The food may be okay, but the service is the worst.
We went in there really late at night. Our waitress didn't speak English, so she didn't know what a fork was. The atmosphere is awesome though. Really beautiful and elegant restaurant. This is probably the nicest Ethiopian restaurant in town. 
Food is authentic and it's also eaten traditionally. The menu is quite small however, and it looks out of place because it isn't fancy looking like the rest of the restaurant. 
There's a full bar, and a little stage area in the back. It's ambiance is dark and it looks like there could be a dance floor. The music played is of course Ethiopian and it's sometimes played too loud.
We popped in for lunch on a Friday and shared the meat and vegetarian platters.  This was my first exposure to Ethiopian fare and I was very pleased!  That being said, I am not qualified to rate their food against other establishments but I have absolutely no complaints.  The flavors were robust, the meat tender and the service average.  The ambiance was that of a "hole in the wall" or "hidden gem;" dimly lit with black chairs.  The dining area and bar are combined in a "great room" layout.  Apparently they have live bands too as there is a small stage near the back of the room.
I am normally not open to try foods that I have not had before, mainly because I hate wasting my money. I use to have an ethiopian friend who introduced me to there culture. I am a fan of spicy food, so I was willing to try it. When I first seen the injera, it scared me, it looked like a huge sponge. I ordered the tibs, with the cayenne pepper sauce. I think it's pretty good. I think Ethiopian food is an aquired taste, my friends thinks it's gross, but you have to open up your mind a bit before you can try it. :)
I need to return to try other stuff. I only got a quick lunch to go-ground beef and egg. IHOP you got nothing on this flavor. So good.

I did return I got what the menu said was veggies and homemade cheese. The waitress asked if I wanted egg on it to I said yes. Unfortunately when the meal come the was no homemade cheese on it which was the only reason I ordered it. Again I got the meal to go so I could ask what happened to the cheese.
Every week I find myself exploring this area a little more. Especially during breakfast time, because my schedule is on the sporadic side with big gaps in between. I was surprised and delighted to find an Ethiopian restaurant tucked away in the corner of this lot. Peeking around some greenery, I saw their open sign was lit. 

Walking in, it was dark with two women standing behind the bar. My initial reaction was to inquire if they really were open. They assured me they were ready for business and I was ready to eat. I usually wake up right in time to make a made dash to the gym for class. Although I was hungry, I didn't want anything too heavy or something that would offset all my hard work. I ended up with a plate of scrambled eggs with jalapenos, tomatoes, green peppers, and onions. It comes with six half pieces of bread to everything up. It was filling but light enough so that I could go to yoga afterwards.

Ethiopian food is one of those cuisines that allow you to eat with your hands. Even eggs are devoured this way. At first, the warm mushiness was odd, but I refused to touch the fork. I just have to worry about walking into a western breakfast joint and tearing into my omelets like this now. 

The service was attentive, but very relaxed. I was the only person in the restaurant, but it took a while for my food to come out. I need to come back for lunch or dinner some time to try out the other items. I just worry about whether or not I could do this on a time restraint.
We were heading to the Indian place in the same strip mall but they were closed. 

We parked so I could look up the address of another Ethiopian place I had read about on the other side of town but saw this place and figured we are hear, might as well try it out.

The food was SUPER flavorful (I am compairing it to places we have ate at in Ca (Little Ethiopia)

The red lental was a bit on the spicy side (according to my son) however he still sucked it all down.

Everything was delish!

It was clean and the staff was friendly, we will be back!

Yet another place to add to our Vegas list (we hate dealing with the strip when we have to make a stop over)

Just a few FYI for people (kinda responding to some of the yelps I read)

*Other nationalities wait staff do not crawl up your ass or rush as the US does so just go with it...service wil be at a slower pace...enjoy your food and the experiance. If you want fast go to Mc Donalds, if you want super peppy crawl up your ass for a tip go to Chili's...just saying....

*Would you go into a Mexican resturaunt asking for chop sticks? I didnt think so. Don't ask for utensils at a place where they dont use them....that's what hands and injera are for
Food is good.  It can have a very...ominous, almost...crowd there (in the dark hall by the (very clean) bathroom, was approached by a dealer), but not unsafe at all.

HOWEVER, I have been there 3 times.  I have NEVER gotten what I ordered.  I ordered vegetarian, was told I really wanted the lamb. Um, no. I want vegetarian.  I got what I think was chicken.  My friend ordered the lamb, got kitfo.  They SWORE there was no mix up in orders and would not take it back.  I'm not vegetarian so ate it, and it was very good, but don't get too attached to what you want to order.
Pretty good!
Food is good . They didn't honor our restaurant.com coupon but food was super cheap. Avg entree price is under 10 bucks. Service ok weak English.
The food that they do make here is really good and there are interesting vegetarian choices. The menu however is pretty limited  and doesn't include any Ethiopian curries so don't expect anything extravagant. The owner is super nice and friendly, but the atmosphere is a bit dingey. I usually get takeout and eat the food at home - and it lasts two meals!
4.5 stars!

Both the food and prices were great at East African Cafe.  The owner was very friendly and courteous, and my friends and I agreed that we would definitely return. In fact, it was so good that I am writing a review now after being there 2.5 hrs ago and having spent 1.5 hrs driving back to Toronto.

We went on a Monday evening for dinner so it wasn't very busy, although there were people trickling in and out during the three hours we were there.  The atmosphere is very casual and it's a fairly small restaurant with approximately 6-7 tables at most.

The food menu is not extensive, but it doesn't need to be as the large vegetarian sampler comes with six items including a salad and injera (unique Ethiopian flatbread).  For those who also love meat, there are beef and lamb options too.  Between the three of us, we ordered a large vegetarian sampler and a lamb dish, which came to a total of ~$26 including taxes.  The food was delicious and the lamb was not as gamey as I had anticipated.

The food quality at East African Cafe is definitely comparable to the fancy, modern Ethiopian restaurants in downtown Toronto, but it's half the price!
My friend and I had a vegetarian platter each. The platters are actually vegan friendly (the bread doesn't have any butter or milk and the salad dressing is house made vinaigrette). Platters were huge. My friend is a fellow vegan eating machine and we could not finish all the food. For normal peeps, I would recommend splitting a platter.

Platter consisted of a small house salad, three kinds of lentils, spinach curry and African bread. Everything was simply made but fresh and delicious. Only one of the lentils was too spicy, the other ones were perfect. 

The space is small but not cramped. Simply decorated with scenes of the African grasslands. Very casual atmosphere. A small bar with regulars occupies the front portion. There are tables for four around the bar. Space is clean and hygienic.

This would have been three stars if not for the service. The owner lady was awesome. She is soft spoken and not very assertive but really kind and knows her menu well. As well, one of the owner/servers came over uninvited and gave my white girlfriend a tutorial on how to eat with her hands. He was patient and humorous.

Given price of food, efficiency and kindness of service and cleanliness of space - I would def-o reco.
Aw yea, best Ethiopian food in town. They have 3 meat dishes and rest are vegan friendly including the bread with gluten-free option. Lamb is really good!
Don't judge the place by the dingy look, it's actually pretty good Ethiopian food. The vegetarian platter is more than enough for two and quite tasty, and includes lots of injara (the bread like stuff you use to scoop up the lentils and salads). Not quite as spicy as I've had in Toronto. The service is nice, but slow so don't be in a rush!
The perfect example of don't judge a book by its cover! My SO and I decided to give this place a go because of its great reviews. We were the only customers at the time, because we had lunch at 4pm. Otherwise, the owner (I presume) just had some regulars or friends sitting at the bar, talking to him. They were really kind people too.

As we sat there, I admit we had our doubts. The restaurant itself has seen better days. It was in the heart of Kitchener and people stared at us through the window, then at the restaurant sign. We didn't know what to expect and I feel a bit guilty, because now I do genuinely like this place.

He could tell instantly it was our first time trying anything of this sort and tried to walk us through it a little. We were definitely surprised at the size our platter was. We ordered the beef and lamb tibs (which was delicious). It came with so much injera - the absorbent sourdough flat bread. No cutlery, you just pick the meat up with the bread. The meat was so good. You could tell they were lean cuts of meat, but they weren't tough. It was cooked well and the sauce kept it from going dry. Now, we don't like the taste of sourdough bread, so that was just our own fault for not doing research. But by what we saw, everything was really authentic and well-made. It came with a simple side salad of shredded romaine. I don't know what was in that oil-based dressing, but it was really good and I ate all of it.

Since it was just him working, it was sometimes hard tracking him down because he would be cleaning something behind the bar or in the back. But when he had his back turned, a friend would always see us and tell him we needed something. I thought that was really nice of them.

We ended up having to take the rest home. The owner helped us pack it up and the box was so heavy! He told us he really appreciated us coming.
I love Ethiopian Food and I was a loyal eater at M & M Yummy in Toronto until it closed down.  We since relocated to South Western Ontario, and I have been longing for Ethiopian food ever since. 

Taite has been trying to convince me on trying East Africa Cafe in Kitchener for some time so this weekend I took the plunge! I regret nothing, well... Except not trying the food sooner! 

The Vegetarian Combo was delicious! The Tusker Beers (Kenyan Import) were flowing, and were ice cold. 

The injera was fresh, plentiful and delicious! 
The man who served us was courteous, smiling, and he brought our food out very quickly. 

I would have given East Africa Cafe a 5/5 but I felt the two person vegetarian platter was small.  We ordered a second Vegetarian Platter so we could both leave full (small portioning is a really rare thing at an Ethiopian restaurant) our bill was $55.00. I think that would be considered quite pricy for a lunch for two, especially at Ethiopian in downtown Kitchener but it was very fresh, and we each had a beer. 

4/5 for fabulous food I do not have to go to Toronto for.
I am a fan.  This place has great Ethiopian food.  I prefer their flavors better than Lalibella and Blue Nile.  Their prices are also comparable.  The service, however, is a bit lacking.  We ordered hot teas and were never once asked for a refill.  We also purchased bottle water because we were not sure if they offered regular tap water on ice.  But this restaurant has only been open for about four weeks.  So, hopefully they can improve on the service issues.  
We tried a variety of  meat dishes.  They were all really good.  Very flavorful and each dish had its own distinct flavor. Next time we will get less meet and some veggies.
Three of us went for a leisurely mid-afternoon lunch and enjoyed it thoroughly.  Solid Ethiopian food and friendly folks.  Not the place to go if you're on limited time, but make it a destination with some friends and you'll love it.  

If you're new to Ethiopian food, it's served communally on injeera, a crepe-like bread made from teff grain (an addiction of mine, I have to admit).  The dishes, meat and/or vegetable, are thickly stewed and heaped on the injeera; you tear off a piece and use it to scoop up the food.  My friends asked for forks to help, but I just dug in--hope you will, too, as it's half the fun of the experience.  Portions are generous (we had three substantial servings plus four more from our leftovers of one meat and one vegetable dish).  I won't go into the individual dishes, you just can't go wrong here.

And don't, by any means, skip the Ethiopian coffee service at the end of your meal.  Beans are roasted and ground on the spot (love the smell), then brewed over an open flame and poured into lovely demitasse cups.  Add some sugar, and . . . dessert!

BTW, the New Times mini-review said the restaurant is "in the back of a convenience store."  That info will help you figure out how to get into it (there's no "front," just a door), but it doesn't do justice to the Ethiopian market out front, which covers everything Ethiopian from colorful headscarves to cooking pots.  Be sure to stop on the way out for a tub of halawa (similar to halvah, which you may be more familiar with).  The sesame candy will keep you happy until your next visit.
This place is ethnic, and interesting.  It feels like your in another country; the customs are different and everyone is different from you and doin their own thang.  I liked it for that aspect.  However, the service takes a long time, so make sure you have the at least two hours to kill.  Also make sure you go with a few people, the cuisine is like chinese where you share all the dishes.  Also you might want to bring a bottle of water, they don't serve you your drinks until they serve your food. 

While I appreciate ethnic food, this was my first time trying Ethiopian.  There are many more meet dishes than I expected.  I have to admit there were left overs from our party of three, and I didn't eat mine, and neither did my friend who is an ardent believer in not wasting anything and an African from Tazania??

The coffee is good by the way.  They serve it at the end as well in a little tiny tea cup, but very flavorful rich tasting coffee, that even I who drink my coffee black, needed to add a itsy bitsy teespoon of sugar.
Cheaper than Lalibela and perhaps even more delicious! The food is amazing. I shared #5, the beef and lamb combination, with a friend, and we had some left over (and I eat a lot). 

We stayed for the traditional coffee, and it was SO great. It takes some time, so don't order the traditional coffee if you're in a rush. My friend, who spent time in Ethiopia, was so happy to have this experience again; it brought back all the memories.

You can munch on fresh popcorn and smell burning incense while the green coffee beans are roasting. They're roasted DARK! Then, the beans ground and freshly brewed in a beautiful pot. Served in tiny cups with or without sugar.

I can't wait to go back to this place!
Who would have thought eating without utensils could be so enjoyable?

The first time I ate here, I had no idea what to expect. My only other experience with Ethiopian food wasn't favorable, but I'm always willing to give food another chance. And I'm glad I did!

Ethiopian Famous Restaurant is an experience of its own. Tucked away in the back room of an African grocery store, it's unpretentious and very basic by all appearances. The food, however, stands out. I prefer the meat dishes over the vegetarian options, but that's not to suggest the latter isn't flavorful and fulfilling. I just really like meat.

Everyone I've taken here is initially skeptical--will they serve me dirty water and boiled rice?; am I going to get shot in that neighborhood? But upon eating here, they have all agreed that Ethiopian Famous is truly a remarkable restaurant.
Hey--it's an Ethiopian restaurant in Phx!!  What it lacks in decor, it makes up in the fact that it is prepared to order in the small kitchen in the back.  Definitely feels like you've stepped into another country, however, the food takes FOREVER to come out...be prepared to spend a good 45 min to an hour waiting for it.

I got a vegetarian dish and was not impressed.  Definitely not as good as other spots in the valley (like Lalibela).  So, if you're veggie, skip this place or don't expect to be as satisfied as the carnivores.
A must for anyone with a taste for international cuisine.

My wife and I shared the meat combo and vegetarian combo... Both were amazing, even our eight month old was eating the lentil dish.

They brought lightly sugared popcorn out after dinner and we polished off a pot of Ethiopian coffee (it's similar to Turkish coffee and is best without sugar). 

Definitely worth the trip and worthy of a repeat visit.
This place is definitely worth visiting.  The food, and the eating experience are unique and enjoyable.  Service is great.
Okay food.  Delicious coffee.
We ordered the meat and veggie combos for the table and everything was excellent. The dinner was topped off with the fresh roasted coffee and a tasty bread. 

The staff was very friendly and we had a good time talking about the food and the coffee. Make time to make this place a habit and keep them in the neighborhood. 

Parking in front and plenty of parking in the back. They also have takeout but it was such a delightful experience that I would hate to miss the time in the restaurant.
OK ... My first comment/question has nothing to do with this restaurant, per se; but maybe someone can help me out:  I've been to four different Ethiopian restaurants in PHX so far and three of the four have clear, plastic tablecloths on the tables.  Is there something I'm missing?  Is my grandmother driving to Ethiopian restaurants and covering their tables with plastic?  If they had couches, would those be covered in plastic, too?

Elderly-grandmother decorating aside -- and in a hot place like PHX, plastic tablecloths can actually be an uncomfortable decoration to have -- it's true, as one reviewer wrote, that decoration is basic.  And ceiling fans would probably make a big difference to making the place feel a little less hot and claustrophobic, too.  I also read a few people's comments about it taking 45 minutes for the food to come out.  Perhaps because there were only a very few people when we arrived our food only took 15 minutes to come out, but I saw no sign of foot dragging here.

We had the combo meat and veggie platter, as we have at every Ethiopian restaurant we go to.  It's gotten to a point, where we've convinced ourselves, that true Ethiopian food only comes in mixed platters.  

How did this platter stack up?  Well, as far as it being good for two, as they claim on the menu, I would say, that unless you are very healthy eaters ("healthy" as in "gluttonous"), the claim is justified.  But you won't be bursting at the seams when you're done (and, here's a hint:  you're not supposed to when you eat in a healthy manner).  Still, if you DO like to eat, two people splitting this might not work.

One reviewer wrote, that for $11.99 for two people (the cost of the platter), you couldn't beat the price.  That's true.  However, to be fair, I should point out, that for $2.00 more, the same platter is much larger at Gojo, has more items, more bread and is much tastier.  That is NOT to say, that this platter is not worth every penny of the $11.99.  Let's just say, if you're REALLY hungry, you'll want to order this at Gojo and pay the extra $2.00.

The owners are quite friendly and always ready to give advice, converse and do Ethiopian food justice (though they're not Ethiopian ... ask them where they're from and let's see how geographically savvy you are!).

We decided, that this place is well worth the hype it gets.  We still like Gojo better for several reasons.  But if aliens dropped down from one of Saturn's moons and kidnapped the cook at Gojo, we would definitely pick this as an alternate place instead of slitting our wrists in despair.

Well done.

OH!  One VERY important postscript:  this place has a dinner buffet for a very reasonable price on Friday nights.  Considering the only evening buffets I've ever seen in the Valley at nights were Chinese  (most other places I've run into have buffets for lunch only), the buffet is probably a fantastic deal.  (Though I'm not sure I have any stretch-pants left in the closet to risk it).
Our agency has ordered delivery from this restaurant several times.  The food is always delicious and healthy. We love this place and will keep ordering from there!
Great value. Delicious food. Friendly staff.

I totally passed by it while driving though, since it wasn't well lit. Maybe the sign was off, or there was no lit sign. Either way, I'm glad I tried it!
Definitely a "meh" - everything seemed lacking here --- lackluster service, bland food -- it just wasn't a hit (and at $20 for two for lunch it was a definite "not again")

Atmosphere was dreary

Lamb (yebeg kilkil) was a bit dreary -- a mixture of ground lamb and lamb chunks -- very watery sauce --- wicked sweet

Yellow beans were good --- nothing amazing

Injera bread = OK --- a little more dense than I like

But definitely dreary atmosphere --- went at 12:30 on a Friday --- no one but a few Ethiopian regulars eating alone, dark, plastic tablecloth, grimy feel

Still looking for that nice "go-to" Ethiopian restaurant in Phoenix --- need one, this not it
We go here pretty regularly so obviously our opinion is positive.  The service is friendly if not hyper efficient or attendant. The food is consistently good quality w veg dishes generally stronger than meat.
Ordered the Combo meal, and it was very appetizing! Ethiopian coffee was amazing, strong fresh floral to the taste.  Highly recommend this place if you are looking for new healthy delicious meals.
What a delicious surprise!  Do not be deterred by the location or looks! While the restaurant was quite empty on a Sunday night at 730, we were greeted like friends and ate an amazing vegetarian meal. We ordered the vegetarian combo plate and it was more than enough for my boyfriend and me.  It was full of flavor and perfect combinations of spice, sweetness and a touch of sour to dip with excellent injera. we were treated to a taste of Ethiopian coffee (very sweetened) and they had just pan-roasted it, bringing the beans out to us to smell before making the coffee!  We will definitely be back when in the area!
Got the combo plate, which was fun and delicious! Service was very friendly and attentive. Don't miss the coffee! Also, don't be deterred by the appearance from the outside, or it's location in a semi-strip mall of liquor and pizza joints - it's great!
what a wonderful restaurant, my wife and i ordered and shared the veggie combo every item on the plate was so flavorful, the injera (bread) was so fresh and tasty.  we both enjoyed it so much we went back the next day and ordered the same. i would recommend this this restaurant, if you are looking for flavorful, healthy and affordable food.
My wife and I were big fans of Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe. When it closed, we were left with a big tasty void in our lives. The other Ethiopian restaurants we tried just didn't stack up but we pressed on and hoped for something better.

Gojo is the new Blue Nile Cafe for us.

We didn't see sambusa on the menu so we asked. Sure they'd make them for us. They were outstanding: bigger than Blue Nile's and smaller than Messob's (our reigning favorite Ethiopian in Los Angeles) and so flavorful.

We had the Ethiopian iced tea and it was delightful. It's like regular iced tea but with Ethiopian spices. I'd highly recommend it as it's not intense at all.

We ordered two of the meat and vegetable combos, but the waitress suggested we'd only need one since they're substantial. I appreciated that. The injera was perfect, the dishes were exemplary. If you like Ethiopian food, this is the place you need to try!
Way to go Gojo!  Brought my partner and 2 year old to this place on a whim when on a business trip to PHX.  GREAT food, reasonably priced and served with smiles all around.  

If you need ambiance then this is not your place... and the remaining Greek art (Parthenon) on one wall combined with some of the African portraits made us smile.    If you're looking for great food and generous quantities of authentic Ethio cuisine then you need to go!
Delish & authentic! The serving was generous (meat combo fed 2). The injera was good (not too thick/doughy). Spicy and yummy. I would like to return and experience their coffee ceremony.
Gojo is maybe the best Ethiopian I have had.  Great quality meats and excellent flavors.  This place doesn't have the decor perfected, but the food, prices, and service are fantastic.  I have taken it to go and it has always been great too.  Highly recommend this place!
I split the veggie platter with a friend and we only got just over half way through it.  Got the rest to go.  I couldn't wait until I had room to eat again so I could eat the leftovers.  Sooo much good stuff.  I'm usually not a glutton, but there are a precious few places where I lose all self control and beach myself and this is apparently one of them.
We were there for an hour and half and asked all sorts of questions about how things were made and what they were.  The lady that waited on us may have been the owner.  She was cheerful and happily indulged our questions.
It's a large restaurant with plenty of seating for large groups, but it also seems to be an authentic family outfit.  They have a few beers in bottles and apparently authentic music.
I'm sad that I'm moving out of this neighborhood right as this moved in!  If I weren't leaving, I'd probably give up cooking entirely and just eat here every day, or try to get take-out.
If you're downtown or on the east side of Phoenix, it's worth the trip.  Really good ethnic places outside of the Italian/Chinese/Mexican/American mold are a treasure here in Phoenix.  If you're from somewhere more metropolitan, you know what I'm talking about.   West Bring friends, dates, clients, and employees here and impress them.
A friend and I walked to this restaurant from my house as I am lucky enough for it to be about a mile away.  Very lucky, as the food is fantastic!  We had read the other reviews here on yelp so knew the portions were large and sharable.  We ordered the vegetarian combo with the meat add-ons.  I added the chicken, my friend added a beef dish. 
When our food came out the chef had included an additional chicken and additional beef dish!  The chicken dish, Doro Wat, was one of the best chicken dishes I have ever eaten, tender chunks of chicken in a reddish wonderfully seasoned sauce with just a little kick to it.  
The veggie dishes were excellent too.  I especially liked the Fosolian(green beans with carrots and potatoes) and the Misir Wat lentils.  
As mentioned in other reviews the decor is nothing to write home about.  But I don't go to restaurants for the visual experience.  And when the food arrived, we could not have cared less what the place looked like as the food made up for it and any other shortcomings.  But there weren't any others.  The service was polite, helpful, and didn't lurk.  I can't stand when waiters lurk.  We were left to eat our meal and the server was there when we needed something - perfect!  Lastly, the price - very affordable!  We ate until we were stuffed and still took home enough for one more big meal or two small ones.  All for $13.99.  

I took a takeout menu and plan to use it often.  Do your tastebuds a favor and try this place!
This is the best Ethiopian I've had at the lowest cost. New favorite spot for eating out! :)
Liked the food very much. It was tasty, good portions and reasonably priced. The restaurant is clean but somehow seemed seedy from the stale cigarette smell in the restroom to the dated bar. Definitely in our rotation of "go to" places.
I'm so torn on this place. I want to like it because the food was delicious and very, very reasonably priced. However, it still resembles the old, awful decor of the former Bacchanal and service was non-existent. 
We went on a Saturday night and there was only ONE server!! The poor girl was nice but a stressed-out mess. 
Decor itself loses major points here. I didn't like it when I visited the previous restaurant and it reminds me of sitting in someones basement. 
The food WAS good though. I'm not sure how long this place has been open, maybe they just have some bugs to work out.
Good value good flavors, mediocre ambiance.

In a unsuspecting old strip mall you will find and international mix of Chinese, Mexican and Ethiopian. Walk inside and the 1980's decore of glass block and an akward stage will greet you. Don't worry too much as the flavors are worth it.

For veggie people the menu (maybe lunch menu?) had 7 options including the old stands like Mizir what and, tikki komen and a dish that was new to me a mushroom wot.

I oped for the 4 item combo, 6.99 A real bargain considering it comes with enough anjera to feed an army and is presented on the same tray that one can feed  4 from. There were 4 decent sized scoops of the food on it. Each had great flavor and textures where appropriate. 

Service was a bit slow, however due to the slow lunch hour they staff accordingly. This did mean my drink was not refilled.
Pretty good Ethiopian food. I felt Blue Nile cafe was better when they were open. Gojo's prices are very reasonable for the size of dish you get. The injara here is excellent. I have only gotten their food to carry out, so I cannot comment on the service.
The staff was friendly; however, the food was not good - definitely not fresh. My friend and I had two different dishes. After we ate there, I felt heavy - my friend had food poisoning though.
Writing to support a cute local business.  The restaurant is nothing to shake a stick at.  It still has circa 1983 glass block low wall dividers with tables that I'm sure have seen better days.  But you really are coming for the food.  And boy is there food a plenty.  The prices are dirt dirt cheap.  A veggie combo (4 different scoops of veggies/lentils/hummus etc) set on fluffy injera (with more injera on the side) is a whopping seven dollars.  Go for broke and order the large combination which comes with three meat dishes. It'll be $13.99  At this rate you can afford to have chai teat (hot or cold) and dessert.  Now I didn't try the dessert, I'm informed however it is baklava.  I will be back soon.  This is the type of place where you come to sit with a friend and talk.  The service is languid (i.e. not fast) but then again, they aren't going to hustle you out either.  It looks like they must have a hoppin' night life, with it's raised stage and what appears to be a screen broadcasting Ethiopian news.   (Oh and it still looks like the old Bacchanal, so it's like Greek restaurant meets Ethiopian teenager bedroom with crooked posters on the wall)  Overall though, it's a nice treat to be able to get away from the hot outdoors, break some spongy bread and not have to drive all the way to Tempe for some ethnic food that is a little less run of the mill than our usual taco joint.
I can't believe Tasia  hasn't reviewed this place yet. I never thought I would beat her to a review. She is such a high maintenance Yelp whore....I love it

I took the lovely lady here for Valentines day. I know my woman is a keeper when her idea of a romantic Valentines day dinner was eating with our hands, mid meal food fights and fighting for the check. ( I Won) 

When we walked in, I was a bit nervous. The place was empty, totally empty, and their is a huge projector that was showing strange videos and playing funky Ethiopian music...I blame the emptiness on Valentines day, i doubt it is their busiest night of the year. 

We sat down, and pretty quickly decided on a veggie platter, and meat platter. I couldn't believe how reasonable the prices were. The service was fine, we weren't overly services just because it was a quiet night, which I appreciate. I hate being bothered by a server over and over because they are bored. Food was delicious, so flavorful and fun to eat. 

I can't wait to go back here when I return from New York.
Such a fan of this place!  I've been to other Ethiopian restaurants and they've left me bloated and not feeling so great for at least the next two days.  But not Gojo, the food here is so good!  I've mostly just stuck to their vegetarian dishes, love them all.  I highly recommend the combination platter, it's all the veggie dishes plus two meat items I believe; and its enough to feed three people.  The prices are great too.  And if you're a fan of coffee you must come here on Mondays after 3pm.  They have a "coffee ceremony" where the coffee is roasted right in front of you and then served the way you like it.  It smells and tastes amazing!  The service is friendly and attentive as well :)
We loved the food here and agreed it was the best ethiopian we have tried! $13 for the meat and vege combo plate leaving 2 diners stuffed! The ethiopian spiced iced tea was also very nice and flavorful. Some soccer game was playing on a projector. Love sharing and eating with our hands. The only downside was the lack of service (we had to ask for napkins and hope for refills). Still we would be back in a heartbeat. Great place for parties of up to 20 at one table (if you don't mind waiting).
I wasn't expecting much when I went in here, although I'd done my homework. I decided to get the combination. It is quite a bit of food for a relatively cheap price. It's mainly used by the locals during the day who order their food and come in to pick it up. For others, this seems to be a local social gathering space, and it doesn't seem to be an uncommon event to see many of them sitting around drinking beer and warmly greeting those who would choose to order in their food instead. The service could probably use some work, but they make up for it in the tastiness of their food as well as the amount of sampling the combination meal, for example, would provide. I would recommend coming here if you're in the mood for Ethiopian food.
I would say 3.5 but because of the non half stars, I'll give it a 4.

Food was great, but service was lackadaisical. The woman, who I believe owned the restaurant was very polite and very nice but took forever. The food was quick, but in terms of ordering drinks and food, dropping off drinks, offering a check, picking up our check and returning the card, it took far too long. We had to ask for the check and then literally put the check on top of a glass wall for it to be picked up.

On that note, the food was good and always flavorful. It's very decently priced. They could spruce up the ambience, however we came on a Monday. They're only 6 months old, according to her, so I think they're open for suggestions.

Also, there's a very odd drink on their menu called Breast Milk on Acid? While humorous my date and I found this rather bizarre.
Try the meat and vegetarian combo(8 different flavors), Yebere Tibbs(beef with pepper),drink: Yekemen Shai, go with hot.
This place does not charge enough for its excellent product.  I went to lunch with three other people, ate a delicious vegetarian platter, and paid $12 for all of us.  $3 per person? That is ridiculous! They could have easily charged double or three times that amount.  The food was very delicious and quite authentic as far as I know about Ethiopian food.  Some of the best that I have eaten, and I have eaten Ethiopian food for over 20 years.  The decor could probably have used some work, but I would certainly recommend going to Gojo if you want a delicious authentic Ethiopian meal for a very good value.
The food here is really great and it's ridiculously cheap.  $13 bucks fed two hungry men and could have easily fed 3 normal people. Our waitress was really friendly and made a good suggestion.  This is the kind of local mom and pop joint that I love.  There is no decor and no ambiance to speak of but I kind of like that in this setting.  You really feel like you're in Addis Ababa having a meal.  It's very Blood Diamonds decor.  I've never been to Africa so I can only use movies as a reference.
Living in North Phoenix, I was stoked to hear about an Ethiopian restaurant closer than Tempe, and I wasn't disappointed.  

Ambiance was somewhat dreary (in an awesome way).  Housed in a strip mall, the interior was all plain round tables and clear, glass bathroom blocks.  Seemingly a former bar, as our table was on the dance floor, I daydreamed about the late night hours when it turned into some funky East African night club.  (It doesn't, unfortunately.)

My table mates thought the service was a little slow, but I barely noticed.  So, great if you're having a casual dinner w/ friends, but not necessarily if you want to pick up a really quick bite before the movies.

Food was unexpectedly amazing, although we skipped the meat dishes, in favor of the veggie combo.  Injera was definitely better than elsewhere and the rest seemed a little more flavorful, too. Bill for party of four was insanely low, even w/ a couple of teas and a beer or two (the latter of which usually adds a ridiculous amount, anywhere).

Definitely heading back and hoping it sticks around for awhile, especially in a city where Fox Restaurant Concepts is the disappointing status quo.

Wheelchair friendly, although excepting the restroom, which we didn't try.
Instructions: walkin, order the combo, wait for the food to arrive, enjoy.

That's it.  This place has no ambiance, and the area is a little scary, but the food is great.  I love Ethiopian, and have made it a staple in my own kitchen, but the truth of the matter is that it just takes too long to make to enjoy for a simple meal.  

That is exactly why places like this exist.  Its much more simple and cost effective to go here and enjoy authentic Ethiopian, with consistently delicious food without having to scour spice stores trying to make bebere.  

So in the end, try making this at home once to really learn to appreciate the levels of spice and care that go into making something this good.
Delicious food! The waitress was beyond nice and even demonstrated how to eat the food. It was my first time eating Ethiopian food, and I wish I had watched a YouTube tutorial on how to properly eat the food. It's difficult! (Really. Go find a tutorial before you try this). 

Will definitely be going back here!
The Best Ethiopian Food in Phoenix!

You can't beat the food here, everything is very flavorful, fresh and very inexpensive. The waitstaff is very kind, and the ambiance is ok as well. If you're a "ambiance snob" look elsewhere because the food is the main attraction here, Myself and my wife ate here for under 20 dollars that included drinks and a very large combo meal. We had leftovers for the next day.. 

Very Recommended! A+ 5 STAR!
This place is great! The food is fantastic and the prices are awesome!
It was my first time trying Ethiopian food and now I am a fan.
Really good value; you won't spend much to get a flavorful, very filling meal here. As with most Ethiopian restaurants, the menu items are served on a generous disk of soft injera bread, with more injera bread served on the side. While I was tempted to get the Veggie Combo with its 7 items and salad, I'm glad I opted to get the 4-item veggie combo because even that turned out to be a lot of food. I chose misir wat (red split lentils), fosolian (spiced string beans with carrots and onion), tikil gomen (cabbage with potatoes), and mushroom wat. The combo was a good balance of mild and bold-spicy flavors, and refreshing iced yekemen shai (a herbal tea of cloves, cinnamon, and cardamom) was a perfect match for the flavorful viands. This restaurant is a gem of a find in the Arcadia area.
I'm surprised at all the good reviews here.  I feel bad leaving a lackluster review.

First, I've never had Ethiopian food before. I had no idea what to expect. Turns out it's not for me, so even if it was good, I wouldn't know. Therefore this review is purely on the service.

Another reviewer mentioned the service isn't "Americanized", which would explain a lot.  There was one guy running the whole place. Clearly there should have been at least two.  His order taking style was unconventional to say the least.  Orders did seem to come fairly quickly, but trickled out over several minutes making for lots of waiting around with a plate of food in front of you waiting for everyone to get theirs. 

If you aren't looking to get the full cultural experience eating a soupy mix of meat and sauce with your fingers, you'll need to ask for a fork...and napkins. Lots of them because they are cocktail napkins.  The customary large plates, which hung off the table in front of each person of our party of 12, were never cleared, making after-lunch conversation awkward.  If you wanted a refill, you needed to ask, and even then you weren't guaranteed to get it.  We had to ask for the check multiple times.

Not sure if the news channel being projected on a nearby wall, showing riots was supposed to be part of the ambiance. lol.
 
When it was time to pay, he had us come to the bar one by one to pay.  Unconventional, but if it helps them keep in order, I don't have a problem with it.  But I'm quite sure they were still charging 9.3% sales tax even though it's back to 8.3% for Phoenix.  I tried to say something but he wasn't really understanding and I gave up.

The food does seem filling and reasonably priced. There weren't too many people that finished their dish so the portions are generous.  

Seems like a good value if you like Ethiopian, just know the experience for someone uncultured like myself may be a bit unconventional from what you are used to.
I have never tried Ethiopian food before. So, on a whim my lady and I gave it a whirl. Absolutely delicious, super cheap and pretty healthy too. Basically radical.
This place is awesome! Had lunch there yesterday & so happy it's 5 min away from my house. Great food! If you have been to Laibela it's comparable. Had the veggie/meat combo & it's huge could feed 3! Go & check it out.
I was ecstatic, when years ago, I discovered Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe.  Yes, being out in Goodyear, it was a MAJOR pain to drive out there.  But very good Ethiopian food in a city not exactly known for a variety of ethnic restaurants?!  And so, I dealt with the drive.  And then The Blue Nile closed and my heart sank ... until tonight.  This restaurant has been open for more than a year and why I didn't go looking for it till now, I'll never know  (but I'm glad I did).

My partner and I had the large combo plate, which includes all their vegetarian selections and three meat dishes.  At $13.99, it's a real bargain.  Unfortunately, gluttonous as we are, we EACH had one.  Okay, so we took some of it home (and, for those who know combo dishes, it will lose a lot of charm the next day, because you can't keep the individual dishes apart ... but really:  who cares?).

Unlike Blue Nile, the portions on the combo plate were big and spiced excellently.  The bread was spongy and moist  (yes, for those of you who don't know Ethiopian bread --- which resembles something like the chamois you use to dry your car --- this is exactly what you want to hear).  Hands down, this food is much better than what the Blue Nile used to serve; and we used to drive the 35 miles each way once a week to partake in it.

Now, here are the downsides:

The restaurant is located in a non-residential and very commercial area, which means business is likely to be slower during off-business hours than it should be.  It's also not the best of neighborhoods; but I'm betting one of the reasons for the property selection is lower rents than, say, in Tempe.  But, unfortunately, location is everything and this restaurant deserves to be packed ALL the time.  Given where it is, however, most students and yuppies, who would both enjoy eating here, won't be here in the evening  (and they do have very extensive operating hours).

The exterior of the restaurant is nice, but it's decorated to look like "wood".  This makes the place seem unobtrusive during the day and very hard to see at night.  This is the one time I would encourage some bright signage outside.

Service is polite, efficient, friendly and fast.  You are checked on to make sure everything is okay, but not in a way to make you feel like they bug you too much.  I can't speak for the other dishes, because I didn't have them, but I suspect the combo plate would be a good representation of what there is to be had.  If it is, don't walk, RUN to this restaurant.  It fully deserves your support and there's really nothing of substance to complain about.
Went here with some friends the other evening.  Was surprised to learn that almost everything on their menu was hot and spicy (which I cannot eat).  Ethopian food is not supposed to be this way.  I ordered the only meat dish that was not spicy and it was OK. But this stuff they serve instead of bread I believe was the culprit.  I found out that it is fermented.  Well you know what fermented foods do to your stomach.  Think SAUERKRAUT.  I no sooner finished than I had to quickly excuse myself and make a beeline to the bathroom.  Now I know when I need a laxative to head to Gojo instead.  LOL
My 5 friends ordered 2 of those enormous platters which was way too much for them so they had boxes to go.  Always under order as you can always order extra IF that is not enough for your group.  Figure that 1 platter will serve 4-5 persons.
I really feel bad giving this a one star, I try to have more positive things to write but I just could not with this one. 

The boyfriend had been wanting to try Gojo for months. We finally went last night.  We walked in the door and waited, and waited and the host/server just looked over at us a few times never motioned to sit, never smiled, just nothing. 

Once we were sat we ordered the combo veggie and meat platter.  Oh, please keep in mind neither of us had ever had Ethiopian food before, however we like to try all kinds of different foods. 

I did know that we did not use utensils. I thought we would be served bread but Injera is what is served. This is what threw me off. To me, it was like an old sponge sitting around in your kitchen sink that was just awful. I read in a few reviews that others really enjoyed it, maybe it was just a texture thing with me. 

It did not bother me about the lack of Customer Service as I think it is a cultural thing.

I have never seen my boyfriend not ever finish a meal. GoJo may be great for others but it was definitely not for us.
I love Ethiopian food, so I was really excited to try Gojo. The location is easy to find and there's plenty of parking. Restaurant is large, with plenty of seating. It's old, and the decor isn't wonderful, but it's clean and the servers really, really care about giving you a good experience.

We shared the big combo plate: all the veggies, plus 3 meats with injera. Food came out quickly, and was very good. The portion was really large and one combo plate could have easily fed 3 people. I'm not sure if everything was fresh, and it isn't the best Ethiopian I've had, but it was very nice.

If you're new to this kind of cuisine, I suggest trying the doro wott, misir wot, gomen wot, and alitcha wot.

I would definitely come back.
Friendly staff and nicely sized portions. The combo is very affordable and can be split with a few friends. Food is tasty but some of the meats seemed dry - either overcooked or from too many reheatings.
Definitely a good cheap eat! The food is good, however, I found some of the dishes not as flavorful as at other Ethiopian restaurants. It is true though, as another reviewer mentioned, I didn't feel as heavy and bloated afterward either (sorry, just keeping it real)  Also, a couple of the food portions weren't too warm, not even room temp, which was kind of a turn off. 

Our waitress was nice, but we could barely understand one another! She barely spoke English, like not even two words! Kind of frustrating when you have questions about the menu. We actually didn't get what we ordered either, but it was too frustrating to try and explain and have them change it to what we actually wanted. 

All and all, not a terrible place to visit, definitely great on the wallet, but I think I'm going to have to stick with my regular Ethiopian spot in Tempe :)
Well priced, flavorful, vegetarian-friendly, ethnic food. 

I have gotten the big vegetarian platter twice and me and a friend could not finish it. Everything on it was tasty (and fairly healthy minus the oil) for $12.99. If you like ethnic (think middle eastern) food at an affordable price then you will like this place.
Showed up at 8 pm wth a couple of friends on a Tuesday night.  It was very slow, but the waitress was extremely friendly and seated us immediately.  The food was excellent!  It has been many years since I have had good Ethiopia food, and I have to say that this was some of the best that I have ever had!  One of my friends is, to put it mildly, rather demanding, but the waitress never lost her smile, and she assisted him in every way that she could.  It was an awesome evening, and I cannot wait to take som of my out of town guests here when they come in!  Great job, y'all!
Thom
Food was fabulous!  Never had Ethiopian so we shared the sampler platter.  A bit of everything and it was delicious.
I'm pretty obsessed with this place, the food is awesome. I usually order one of the huge platters and it feeds me for a couple days. The injera is some of the best I've had. They also have this amazing spiced iced tea. 

The only drawback is semi slow service, but the food is ready so quickly it doesn't really matter if it takes longer than usual to order.
My husband and I went to Gojo for New Year's Eve dinner before attending the symphony.  We didn't mind the low-key decor and leisurely service - sometimes good food can be found in dives, especially ethnic food.  I had the veggie sampler, and my hubby had the meat sampler.  We started with meat sambussas, which were yummy but entirely unnecessary, given how much food we got in our entrees.  I also had some hot spiced tea, and he had an Ethiopian beer.  Overall we were really happy with the food, and the server was very friendly and accommodating.  We will definitely go there again.
Great food, very reasonably priced. Very nice and informative server as we had not eaten Ethiopian food before. Was empty on a Friday night so I hope people see the reviews and help them make it. The lamb was especially delicious.

I've been back since with good results.

Previously posted this as a tip but wanted it to be a review.
My first time trying Ethiopian. I was extremely nervous (I'm a picky eater) and was pleasantly surprised. Delicious! I got the meat and veggie combo and shared it with my friend. Price was great! The only complaint was that we went for dinner and with no other customers in the restaurant yet, it still took 15 minutes to be greeted. But we'll be back!
New for us... Very exotic!

Update 2-20-2014:  Was very satisfied and full off of the delicious food we had.  Very well priced.  Wished they had a dessert from the region to showcase to really cap off the experience.
Prices are good for the quality of food.  The service is not good.  They are friendly, but do not plan on having someone come over to you , asking if you need anything unless you ask.  (Just my experience)

The injera bread smelled like sour milk on my visit.  First time I ever had injera bread that smelled like that. 

Love the tea and the lentils.  The beef was very tough.

Nice big screen tv, with Ethiopian channels and music.

Will I return? For take out, possibly.
We tried the vegetarian combo platter and it was nothing short of phenomenal! 

Don't let the few bad/stupid reviews on here deter you from enjoying this place! 

If you're a fan of Ethiopian food, you have to try Gojo. No questions.
I've been wanting to try Ethiopian food for awhile, and today I finally decided to take the plunge and I called up Gojo to place a take-out order.  The place was a little hard to find as it is in a very nondescript building in a dingy strip mall.  There is also an Ethiopian Market in the same strip mall which I almost walked into by mistake, they are not the same place!
I ordered the meat combo which consisted of traditional injera bread (kind of like a spongy pancake) and three different meats (chicken, lamb, and beef) seasoned with the traditional Ethiopian berbere spices.  When eaten by itself the injera had a very strong flavor somewhat like sourdough bread which was at first a little strange to me, though this is my first experience with Ethiopian cuisine and based on what I've read this is how authentic injera should taste.  However, when eaten together with the meat the flavors complemented each other nicely.  The meat itself was delicious!  It was all very tender and the spices were exotic and tasty.  The dish was about $12, but the portion was huge, enough that I will be able to get two meals out of it.
Next time I may bring a friend and try dining in.  The restaurant itself lacked ambience, but with food this good that is what you're really going for.
Two of us discovered this Ethiopian restaurant on Yelp and decided to come here for lunch. We were the first to arrive and the black-white colored interior consisted of a small bar, and plenty of tables that spread across several platforms that overlooked a screen looping various images of Ethiopia. 

We had the Meat and Vegetarian Combo ($13.99) that came with seven vegetarian items and our choice of lamb. There were two types of lentils and split peas, string beans, collard greens, spiced cabbage, and mushrooms. The ingredients were fresh and arrived with good consistency. However, the flavors were rather subdued as many items could use more spice and pop in the flavor.  One of their lentils was served at room temperature, and although such practice is common, I still prefer the warm version.

The Alitcha Wot was a bit dry and very greasy. The lamb was unexpectedly swimming in a pool of oil and not aesthetically pleasing. This is not a dish I would order again.

Their injera was fluffy and soft. As other reviewers had mentioned, it is on the sour side, but I really enjoyed it. However, there was a general lack of depth and intensity in the flavor when compared to others that might be more authentic.

Portions were huge and menu prices were excellent. Service was warm, friendly, and attentive. However, the worst part of this experience was when they overcharged the meal by having us to pay these two dishes separately--instead of the combo price that was listed on the menu. 

Several reviewers have mentioned about Blue Nile, so that's the next place I'm going to visit. Otherwise, I recommend people to try Lalibela for those that are searching for the cuisine in the area. My favorite of all times is still by far Awash, hands down.
Service is as stated, very friendly but not tripping over them selfs to take care of their clients. Food is amazing, eating here is always a treat, the flavor is unique and quality. I would recommend for anyone, and as stated, the service, while on the slow side, is very pleasant and seem eager to help you as best they can. Maybe a little shy due to lacing English skills?
I had never had Ethiopian food before but I was really curious to try an authentic restaurant. Of course, my friends and I used trusty yelp to find a restaurant and this was one of the first results.

Overall, the exterior is unlabeled and a bit difficult to see from the street. It's in an unassuming strip mall and took a few tries to find. However, the decor makes it stand out a bit.

When we entered, the waitress said we could sit wherever we liked and she came out with menus and took our drink order. I ordered a cinnamon iced tea, which I really liked. 

For our main order, my friend and I split a veggie combo plate for $11.99. This includes all of the veggie options on a thin injera disc and three pieces of injera bread on the side. 

For those of you who have never had injera bread, it's a doughy pancake-y type of bread with a strong sour taste, similar to sourdough bread. I personally enjoyed the injera but one of my friends has a distaste for sourdough bread so it kind of ruined the meal for her. She, however, did like her cabbage that she ordered. I liked all of the vegetarian options and I was glad that I got to sample them all. All of the options were delicious and surprisingly, very filling! My friend and I were able to eat maybe half of the plate together.

Overall, our waitress was very courteous and attentive, despite being the only one working there that day. There is also a small dance floor and various Ethiopian music videos playing on the projector at the back of the restaurant. Great authentic experience and I'm always happy to support small, family-owned businesses.
This is only my second time eating Ethiopian so I am by no means a connoisseur;  however I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at Gojo on Thomas Rd. I went there with a dining companion late (a little after 9pm) on a Saturday evening at the end of June and though we weren't greeted immediately by anyone, we were eventually told by the friendly quiet girl at the bar to sit anywhere we liked. She did a very good job of managing the bar, the phone, take out orders and managing the tables---she was our waitress as well.

My companion and I ended up ordering the Meat/Veggie Combo which included the 3 meat dishes included on the meat combo as well as a sampling of all the veggie dishes which are included on the veggie combo. It was unclear to us until the girl pointed it out, that this was going to be our best option as my companion wanted the Veggie Combo for himself and she assured me that ordering that plus my ordering a meat entree would be A LOT of food for us. We also ordered one Thyme tea and one Ethiopian coffee. Though it was late we were most definitely not rushed and people even came in well after we did and sat and were served. I believe there is a decidedly slower pace for Ethiopian dining, so one shouldn't anticipate normal American restaurant experience (in other words, if you're in any way hurried or impatient, go elsewhere or get take-out).

When our food arrived we were still minus our coffee and tea, which we were told were having to be made and they came out shortly after the food. The tea was good and not overpowering and the coffee was wonderful without sweetener of any kind. We were told correctly by our waitress and in fact the Meat/Veggie combo platter was plenty of food for the two of us. Everything tasted very well, although of the meats I'd say the Key Wot (beef) was the clear winner over the Doro Wat (chicken) or the Alitcha Wot (lamb), though there was an entire drumstick included in the middle of the platter with the Doro Wat and the Alitcha Wot was spiced beautifully! All of the veggies we had were wonderfully spiced as well and I think only the cabbage was my least favorite (but I have no great love of cooked cabbages).

I would highly recommend eating here as I would gladly eat here again.
Lovely people and incredible food!
Great friendly service and excellent food!
I had the Vegan Special, and it was indescribably good! For under $6.00 you get a huge meal, packed with authentic flavor and healthy ingredients! I wish I had discovered this place a year ago. The family that owns and operates it are wonderful people, and the food is as good as it gets.
I really want to try this place, but they make it quite hard.

I have called several times around lunch time. 

They stated the food would not be ready until 1:30pm (too late for lunch)

I called at 6:30pm on a Sat night, to check the hours. Alas they just "ran out" of food.

How does one eat here? What is the secret ?
At least I was able to try this place.

They closed at 7:30 pm on Sat. They had 3-4 veg options for us.  The mizir wat, doro wat and foslia were all great, served with the obligatory angera and a surprise, jalapenos stuffed with a tomato onion mix.

The flavors were bold and spicy, this is not for people with weak pallets, but for ones that crave strong adventures.

For two of us it was $10, so its a bargain.

My few issues were, the ambiance, There are just three tables, large enough for 2-3 people each. some unused coolers along the walls and it was a tad warm inside. (so consider a to go order)

Also the hours I would love to pick up lunch here on a weekday, if only they had some food ready closer to noon.

Next time you want to impress a few guests with some bold exotic tastes get a to go order from here!
I would pass and see this little place just West of 18th Street on McDowell and think I need to try this place.  Well I did and I'll be back. 
A coworker and I had talked about taking on doing Ethiopian and today was the day. Calling ahead to check hours they let me know they were open until 8. 
Showing up at 7, I had 10 min before my coworker was to arrive. There are 2 small tables with 3 chairs each. A large drink cooler on one wall filled with a selection of sodas, juices and a set of store shelves with containers of beans and spices that separates the dining area from the kitchen. 
Greeted warmly by the owner/chef, he proudly let me into the plans for this little restaurant and a tour of the clean and spacious kitchen, fresh bread stacked near the oven and fresh injera in a container on a shelf. 
He painted a colorful picture of the restaurant's future patio and Ethiopian coffee ceremonies; roasting beans fresh in front of guests and preparing a clay pot full of rich strong coffee served in  demitasse sized cups. 
He asked if we would be doing meat or veggie/vegan. My coworker is vegetarian and he said, "I got you covered," and turned to the kitchen to begin preparation.  My coworker arrived and I let her know he was putting together a vegetarian platter. We sat and chatted as dishes clattered in the kitchen.  
A platter arrived with 4 colorful dishes served on injera with a piece of rolled injera on each side.  We dug in, right hands, no silverware, as is traditional.  

We were not able to finish, the dish between the 2 of us so we packed the rest to go.  All that was only $10. 
While parking is a little challenging the best place is in a parking lot on the west side of the complex.  
If you blink you can miss the place. As you head east on McDowell as soon as you get to the artistic arch across McDowell slow, look north for the parking lot. If you pass the car wash and 18th Street you went too far. 
Now go check it out!!!
Easy to miss this place while rolling down McDowell. This hole in the wall specializing in homey (and halal) Somali food appeared to be a 2-person operation on my visit, with the proprietor running the register, serving, and putting out food on the small steam table where he was keeping the day's featured dishes and a woman in the kitchen taking care of plating other food and dishwashing.

At first, you have to dig into the menu to find the Somali/Mediterranean options as most of the real estate is devoted to lunch specials and plates aimed at mainstream American tastes (burgers, cheese steak sandwiches, fried fish, wings, etc). 

My $10 plate lunch of cubed/chopped mildly seasoned, roasted goat shoulder and tasty rice came with a little bit of green salad, a small portion of deliciously tangy pinto beans, a small cup of fine chopped jalapenos and onion ("hot sauce"), and a good sized bowl of rich vegetable (though, likely not vegetarian) soup. I washed it all down with an agua fresca-like mango drink without the teeth-aching sweetness so often found in the Mexican fruit waters.

As I was finishing up my meal, a small crowd of African (Somali?) cab drivers descended on the place--almost all of whom had a salmon, rice, and salad plate, which was served and eaten with a fresh banana. Some of the guys appeared to be regulars who felt very much at home there. Great testament to the owner's hospitality.

On my way out, I chatted a bit with the proprietor about the day's offerings, and he indicated that he has plans to add more items to the menu and vary the offerings from day to day. I hope this means that eventually the Somali/East African items will take center stage.
A few weeks ago while driving around i noticed a few people walking into this hole in the wall type of place, didnt think much of it at the time but every time i drove by after that my curiosity kept making me wanting to find what this place was all about. Last night was the night in which i hadnt even finished my plate of delicious grilled goat with rice, steamed cabagge and spinach with some black beans in which i was already planning my next meal here. To tell you the truth the service was a little slow, the original menu item i wanted wasnt available (the chief cook had the night off) and they offered me and my friend the grilled goat and the marinated chicken. By the end of my meal i was thankful i had the goat....it was beyond amazing! I must say that i am ready to try more Somalian dishes.....im sold on it! Next time im trying the kabobs with the yellow rice.
Excellent food, friendly staff. Salmon was wonderful, incredible rice and interesting salad dressing.