This is Filipino food served cafeteria-style but don't let that stop you.  It translates into a casual and inexpensive meal.   They don't always serve dinuguan, but my husband asked for it they had some set aside for him the next day.  Try the halo halo!
The line to get food in the place was almost out the door, so i was expecting some damn good food.  For the price, the food was okay, it filled me up, and was not too pricey.  I was a little disappointed though because i was expecting this joint to carry the staple filipino entrees such as adobo (they ran out), kare kare (they didn't have it that day), and sinigang (i dunno why they didn't have this).  the pork bbq sticks were delish, but everything else was a little on the greeeezy side.  I was very happy that i could order maize con hielo (cream of corn, condensed milk, over crushed ice) because this is my fave sweet dish.
So you lost the money you were going to spend at Le Cirque - well there's still an upside here- for some home cooked meal- canteen style...turo -turo - basically point - and point to which ones you want...bbq, daing na isda, adobo, sinigang, kare-kare etc...try the halo halo dessert or bibingka that might turn that frown into a grin...But arrive early to guarantee choices...
My favorite grub-stop for cheap, fast and delicious Filipino food.  The menu changes daily, but I have yet to be disappointed by any dish that I have ever ordered there. And having been a regular there for almost 5 years, that translates to pretty much every dish they serve.

As stated above, the place is casual, cafeteria style get-in-line-point-and-pay.  

I can't help but laugh when people ding places like this for greasy food.  It's Filipino food... it's supposed to be greasy.  Now if a salad bar were greasy, THEN we'd have a problem.
There are about 5000000000 Filipino buffets in the strip malls at every corner of this intersection.  There are no vegan items in any of them but Pinoy PInay has some really good flat overhead lighting and a nice vibe, but most importantly, a name.  Cute little kids too.  $5.50 for a buffet.
Some of the local Vegas natives are probably wondering why I gave this place a perfect 5 star rating. Please continue to read..

I'm not a Vegas native, I am in fact from the Bay Area. There are a good amount of Filipinos who live here obviously. I myself am Filipino, and as much as I try to support Filipino chains and small businesses, I am always disgusted by them. Why? Because they always seem like a rip off. Not only that, service is slow. Prices are high for below or average taste. And portions are extremely small for the price. It's also surprising how many people still frequent these Filipino restaurants we have here in the Bay Area that are Filipino and not realize the things I just mentioned. Perhaps they are blinded and skewed by the fact that they are supporting a local Filipino business, or maybe because they can't cook Filipino food. It must not be the latter because us Filipinos take so much pride in cooking those who know how to cook the dishes won't think twice to criticize the same dish made by someone else and how theirs is always better. Am I not right? I guess for your quick fix of Filipino food, we have plenty of choices here in the Bay Area, but they suffer from the previously mentioned. If I go to these Filipino chains, it's mostly for buying a Birthday cake or other pastries. The ship for buying regular entrees have long sailed. Be thankful for parents or other relatives who can cook authentic Filipino dishes. It's ashame that future generation of Filipinos who don't even know how to speak Tagalog will think this is good Filipino food for the price. If the price was lower or portions were grander sure no problem. But portions are small, and most if not all the food seems like it's just heated, and hell--they have no shame showing you that they just microwave them. To add insult to injury, Goldilocks (I'm not sure if they still do this practice), will weigh the food from the a la carte dishes to the palabok. Now why do these Filipino owned businesses and chains wonder why only Filipinos go to their stores and restaurants? If the Bay Area wasn't filled with so many Filipinos, I doubt these places would stay open. Vietnamese, Hawaiian, Thai have appealed to everybody recently, and have easily passed up Filipino food as general favorites for everybody. 

While in Vegas, for some odd reason we wanted to get some Filipino food. Not being from around here, we consulted the GPS. Having a GPS is very handy and I highly recommend it when going to places you are not familiar with, but thats an entirely different review on it's own. Pinoy Pinay came up so off we headed. I don't know the area nor it's reputation, but it wasn't too far off from the strip. It was in a small plaza center which seemed like it housed other Filipino/Asian businesses. The exterior was nothing special. It wasn't nice, but wasn't bad either. The ambiance of the interior was that of a typical fast food type of chain. There was plenty of seating arrangements and the space felt roomy. Never did I feel congested. 

Now the differences that I quickly realized were the prices, portions, and service of this place. Wow, its the 3 top complaints that I and other Filipinos and non-Filipinos have about Filipino restaurants here in the Bay. I should have got a copy of the menu and uploaded it, but I forgot to snag one. I can't remember in detail, but prices were very reasonable. Actually in comparison to those from your local Chinese fast food restaurant. The prices were actually CHEAP compared to those of Bay Area prices. But what good are the cheap prices of portions are small. No worries there, the portions were surprisingly generous from what I'm use to seeing from Filipino chains. Us Filipinos are known to run on Filipino time, slow and usually late. Here in the Bay Area, we prove that stereotype by exercising it in the workplace. It's in full effect in Filipino restaurants here. Jollibee, Goldilocks, and other Filipino places are very slow. Just because I'm Filipino does not mean I'm your relative or even your friend where you start talking to me like I've known you forever. A simple hello and small BS will suffice. I'm here for my food and time is money. The staff at Pinoy Pinay restaurant knows this, and have setup the food line in a efficient manner. One person manning a different station. It moved the line quickly and I was shocked that they were waiting on me. Over here in the Bay it's almost always the opposite. 

We went here before the afternoon on a weekday and even then it had a good amount of patrons. Mostly if not all Filipinos, but there was a token black guy that showed up. A black guy in a Filipino restaurant--that was proof enough for me. If the traffic was as it was when we came, I could only imagine during later hours of the day and on the weekends this place would be busy.

This place is what Filipino restaurants are not in the Bay Area, but what should be. What an example.
I've been a few times and the last time was just yesterday after picking up my mom and step dad at the airport.  They had just landed from a 3 week trip to the Philippines.  After seeing them again, they were hungry for some Filipino food.  It's a little ironic since they just came back from there and that's all they ate for a whole 3 weeks.  

On the most part we normally will go to DJ's Bibinkahan but I decided against it since we haven't had Pinoy Pinay in a long time.  I got a little confused as to where the line starts.  It doesn't take a brain surgeon to just walk towards the food and just go from there.  Looking through the glass full of oily food, I was actually confused and didn't know what my stomach was hungry for.  Luckilly, mom was there with me to order something so I could taste more than two items.  

For my first item, I chose Kare-Kare a peanut butter based pork with tri-tip and vegetables.  My second choice was this batter fish that was deep fried and dipped with sweet and sour sauce.  My chose vegetable dishes and a coconut dish.  I wish I remembered what they were.  But, I remember how good it tasted.  :)  

What I liked about this place is that the people were nice and friendly.  They weren't just there to put food in a container or a plate for you but were ready to give suggestions if you're stuck.  Also, they take care in placing the food on your plate and not just slap it on.  As for the food, it's not as greasy and it actually taste like the ingredients are fresh.  Unless we got there in time or just after it left the wok or pan.  If so, then how lucky was that?  

After choosing your food, we got to the cashier and paid.  So it had a Cafeteria setting where you get your food in a tray and line up like cows until you reach the cashier and pay for your food.  Try the Melon Juice, that is so refreshing after some yummy food down your tummy.
as filipino food goes - its pretty good here. stuff i really wouldnt make at home because its time consuming, or i just dont have the space or the pit to roast a whole pig - ha!

but i was very impressed with the cleanliness of the store and the amount of seating as compared to other filipino restaurants. the service is funny, i think homeboy hit on me - as he asked "what do you want sexy?" i was like "what the...", i thought it was going to be a GURL FIGHT - between my fiance and the gay dude. nice.

food and desserts were tasty and it fulfilled my craving for meat and rice... 4 stars!
When visiting Las Vegas I always have to stop in for a meal at least once.  The food here is so good.... always fresh (because of the high traffic, the food moves quick) cheap and service is generally friendly. The only reason I dock off a point is because the food could be hotter at times (temperature wise).. nothing more disappointing when something looks great but is room temperature.  No worries though, Filipino food as I found out keeps well..
ok i had half a week in vegas
and was getting tired of bland buffets and expensive restaurants
i decided to head to pinoy pinay
ok i guess not a lot of people like to eat lunch early like me
so make sure you call before heading out to lunch over there
so you don't have to wait like i did
it was worth the wait
the nilagang baka was sooooooooooo good!
everything i had for lunch was so good
they're not pretty talkative
my kinda place
i just like to go in a fast food restaurant, eat, and leave 
don't talk to me, my food will get cold, and i might just yell at you!
The taste of traditional Filipino food away from home, not too far from the Vegas strip!  As authentic as they get, I felt I was at a Filipino-family get together.  You'll enjoy the dishes Pinoy Pinay have ranging from Sinagang, Bulalo, Bangus, Lechon, etc.  I ordered the Bangus, Pancit and rice which was tasty and served in hearty proportion.  I also ordered the cantaloupe juice to wash it all down.  The party I ate with, I sampled the Lechon, Menudo and Halo-halo which all tasted as expected, if were made from your kitchen at home.

If you're unfamiliar with the Filipino dishes mentioned above, refer to this site: http://www.seasite.niu.edu/Tagalog/filipino_food_glossary.htm

The service is fast once you start to put your order together.  After paying for your meal and sitting down, don't expect to be waited-on or asked about your meal.  The place is all "self serve."  It's setup  where you slide your order tray with you as you walk down the assembly line of food, picking your your entrees and side orders.  

The only drawback is location.  If you have access to a car, this place is relatively fast to get to.  If you're taking a cab from a hotel, getting there is easy, but finding your way back can be a bit difficult.  Not too many taxi's come out to this area so be sure to have your cell phone fully charged to call a cab.
OMG, I practically inhaled my food.  The kare-kare was thick and creamy.  YUMMMM!  That was my favorite part of the meal.  And my sago drink was delicious.  This place was hella crackin.  The line curved around the restaurant.  GOOOOOOD foood!!!  I kinda wish I savored my meal, but whatevz, who needs to chew when you can just shallow.. lol.
This place was kind of hard to find, its like in the corner of an outdoor plaza located next door to a supermarket or something.  Once inside, its like simple filipino verision of panda express. The food was quite flavorful, i was with 6 other people and they all pretty much grubbed on their plates, the price wasnt bad either, around 6 bucks for rice and like 2 entrees. If your tired of the buffets and over priced fast food, this place isnt too shabby
Out of all of the Filipino Fast food places in Vegas, this is my favorite place for cheap food. The selection of food that you can choose changes daily but they are always choices that you will be happy with. 

The staff is friendly and sometimes they joke around with you. Maybe, you can even sharpen up on your Tagalog skills with these guys!

There's a lot of seating, but be careful, during meal times, it can run out quickly. But hey, that's a sign of good eats, right? I think so.
Love it here. Classic Filipino cuisine. ok service average decor. Good star rating for its quality of food.
Awesome service!  They let my Korean friends have a taste of almost everything (I was full from that!)

The food was fresh and tasty.  The only disappointing part was my garlic rice: it could've been more garlicy (is that a word?) and there were sections that were hard, like 5 day old rice.  Yuck.

My non-Filipino friends really enjoyed the experience.  Thanks!
You can't beat this place for good, hearty, cheap eats.  Their entire menu consists of excellent Filipino food choices.  I like their sinigang (a tamarind-based fish soup) even though you're picking out the bones while you're eating.  Dinuguan is always one of my choices.  Masarap !

While my daughter's mom usually picks her favorites for both of us, I'm not picky and enjoy all her choices. 

The artwork on the walls add quite a bit to their ambience.
I love filipino food.

I love filipino food at Pinoy Pinay.

I beg. beg. BEG! to come here whenever we are in Vegas.

Always has a selection of entrees and desserts I like.

Price is very reasonable.

Overall, I wish they had a place like this in Nor Cal instead of Jollibee and Goldilocks.
I've eaten here or taken to-go many times.  I usually go for the sinigang, adobo or menudo.  Prices are decent.

For now this is my favorite Filipino restaurant in Las Vegas but I have yet to dine at DJ Bibingkahan (I know I'm a loser - it's on the top of my list!!)
Nice staff. The banana in the turon was a little tough, but the bbq was pretty good as well as the beef steak. Nothing ever really lives up to your mother's home cooking, but this was pretty good.
I was very surprised by all the high marks this place got.  I just recently went here with my hubs and mom.  We were very disappointed on what we got.  We went here by chance because we needed to eat, I didn't exactly know where Seafood City was, and I didn't want to drive up and down Sahara.  Coming from SD and I have many selections of different turo turo (point point) places and never really came upon a place that wasn't good.  So I didn't think much of this place on not being good.  There were ppl inside eating...

First off, they make you get a tray.  The tray I got smelled like it was wiped with a wet dirty towel.  It had a disgusting sour smell and I didn't understand why they wanted ppl to eat with it.  The guy behind the counter was pretty adamant on us getting a tray.  I got the tray, but I didn't want to put my food down on it.  SO GROSS!

What I got:
I decided on their beef steak.  The guy asked if I wanted sabaw (okay, the sauce) on my rice, heck ya!  I just wanted one entree choice with my rice.  

Why it wasn't good:
First, the rice.  It seemed like old rice they reheated and put too much water on because it got too dried out.  My beef steak wasn't good at all.  The sauce of the beef steak seemed too oily and it didn't taste fresh.  It also tasted like it was cooked a long time ago and just reheated.  They just looked like they cut up fresh onion and topped with it to look like it was recently cooked. 

What the hubs got:
He got paksiw na lechon and sinigang na HALIBUT.  Yea, thats right, they put HALIBUT in with the sinigang.  I never had and now I know why.  If you're going to make any type of FISH sinigang...fricken make it with BANGUS!  I know they had bangus because they had one all fried up in the front.    

Why it wasn't good:
My husband is on of those filipinos who love really sour sinigang.  When he asked the guy if it was extra sour, the guy had no hesitation to say yes.  When hubs went to try it, the sabaw (soup) was barely sour.  He also agreed to not eat sinigang with halibut, it just didn't taste right.  As for his paksiw, that also tasted like it was cooked a long time ago and just reheated.  The sauce of the paksiw was way over powering and didn't taste that good either.

What mom got:
She also got the sinigang and she also got afritada.  I didn't taste it because I was already disgusted with my food and my husbands.  I doubt that tasted any better. 

I don't know if they were lazy to cook stuff for a Saturday evening and again and just reheated old food.  I surprised that so many ppl like the food from here.  But I will definitely not come here again and will make it a point to find Seafood City, because I heard there are more places to eat around there.  

Ppl from Vegas or ppl visiting vegas...don't go here...seriously....your lola/mom/auntie/lolo/dad/uncle or YOUSELF who know who to cook will be disappointed with the food from here.  THIS IS NOT HOW FILIPINO FOOD SHOULD TASTE LIKE!
Friendly staff, good prices, decent portions. Ambiance is lacking and the few times I've eaten here the food has ranged from average to good-not great. For the price though, I'm a repeat customer, especially given my positive experience with the staff.
This place has gone down hill since their inception. The food does not look appealing anymore. Not that filipino food is appealing. In fact Filipino food looks gross but for people who grew up with adobo and rice. It is just a regular day at the dinner  table. 

Maybe I just caught them on a bad day. The food was not fresh. I was really disappointed. I give them the benefit of the doubt. I will probably come back to try them out again.
This used to be my "go-to" place for Filipino food in Vegas but no more.  I went Thursday last week, ordered my 2 items + rice to go, and looked forward to eating in the peace and quiet of my hotel room.  When I opened the container, the 2 scoops of rice had the consistency of lumpy mashed potatoes!  REALLY.  Whoever cooked the rice used 2x the amount of water and w-a-y overcooked the rice so that there aren't even any recognizable grains.   C'mon, we're Pinoys!  Rice is sacred and should be the one thing we can cook consistently.  After all, how do we enjoy the soup or the sarsa in the dishes (even if it is just the oil from the lechon)?  I was so disappointed.  How do you eat pochero (which was actually quite tasty) without rice?  I kept hearing my Lola's voice "Hey, huwag mag pakpak!"  (LOL)  At least I had the upo dish as a veggie as balance but really - not the same. 

Oh, and this is not the first time I've had this rice problem.  But in the past, it was only slightly mushy.  This time it was BAD.  No way to redeem it.

So, I'm gonna have to say 'ta-ta' to PP and try one of the other LV Filipino establishments.  It was a good 5-year run.
Had lunch for the first time here and ordered their combo dishes. Had 1/4 slice of fried bangus and batchoy.Food was tasty and good.Basic selection of meat,fish,poultry and soup dishes available.
Nothing to complain about. The place was clean and free of pesky flies.
Another to go eat pinoy places while visiting nevada.
First and Foremost, If you don't like oily foods, don't eat filipino food. cuz usually when you go to  Filipino restaurants, chances are, atleast one or two of their dishes are more than likely to clog your arteries. Im a fan, of pinoy pinay, because they get it right. It's authentic, its pretty much real filipino food. I just don't like the fact during the slow hours of 3-6pm, they leave the food sitting out, and it looks dry. I don't know maybe there trying to save money by cutting back on food costs. I also don't like the fact that they don't have Longanisa every day. but then again, its really unhealthy, so maybe that's why. my personal favorites, are pork bbq on a stick, pancit bihon, beef caldereta and once in while lechon kawali. the sinigang soup is pretty good also.
Decent food just the way it is made at a Filipino home for a decent price with friendly service. I ordered the Pinoy Pinay combination consisting of two entrées with rice for only $5.99. I forgot the name of the chicken entrée I got but it was pretty good. I also got some lechon with the traditional Mang Tomas all-purpose sauce, crispy and tasty as it should be. On my second trip, ordered a Tocilog (Tocino, eggs, with garlic rice). It was nonetheless good and the cure for a hungry stomach, but I had better. The sago and the melon drinks are okay too. 

What's really good here though is the Halo Halo. My friends enjoyed it so much that we made sure we'd all get another one before we left Sin City. It just had the right ingredients and mixture a Halo Halo should have (with the exception to ice cream). If you've never been, I would highly recommend a Filipino person to take their non-Filipino friend(s). They'd probably think the food is okay to decent but I can guarantee that they would love the Halo Halo. Plus, you can tell them Manny Pacquiao eats here often and they'll believe you.
This tends to be a hit or miss whenever I visit. It just happened to be a bit of a miss the last time. Their bbq skewers are always good. I prefer the pork over the chicken. However, the adobo could have produced a food coma I might not have been able to snap out of as it was extremely greasy. No joke, you could see the oil separating itself from the rest of the sauce. Blech! I'll just have to get something else next time, since my family loves this place.
Came here one time during a family vacation in Vegas... I'm not sure if it was the fact that I was starving and craving for authentic Asian cuisine that day, but this place has the best AND cheapest Filipino food I've ever had! Plus they offer decent size portion at a relatively low price!

I had a two items combo with sisig, bangus and rice, and I also added an order of sinigang. Everything was delicious and authentic in my opinion. My favorite was the bangus. They didn't just give me a tiny little piece like a lot of Filipino fast food places do, they gave me pretty much the whole fish. It was done just right; not too dry but it was crispy enough. The sisig and sinigang were both good, and had enough flavors. I actually took some of the bangus and sisig to go because the portion was huge and I didn't want to waste good food. After a 12 hours drive back home, the bangus and sisig were still in good shape; and most importantly, they still tasted good after re-heating! I was totally amazed and surprised...

This place overall is clean and the staff is nice with good customer service. The only downside is that it is off the strip and definitely not walking distance from the strip. But the good thing is that it is easy to get to this place when you have a car. If you are visiting Vegas and staying on the strip without a car, I would say it's worth taking a cab to this place...
Cheap but tasty.  Nothing beats that combo.
I've visited this location twice & each time I was happy with the food. I've ordered the Apretada (beef stew), lumpia, okoy & lechon kuwali. Everything I had was delicious! The portions were large and the price was very good!...honestly its very cheap for the quality and quantity.

The food is authentic & has a home made feel. The service is good & fast...HIGHLY recommend it.
Buffet and Vegas has been old for a while for me.  Just fill me up and I'm good to go.  This place is a typical Filipino fast food with a pretty decent size seating capacity.  You get in line, pick up a tray and you choose the most greasy item in the menu because that is the best tasting artery blocking meal.

Two item sir, yes sir.  Turon, halo halo, and coconut drink please.  Then may I have extra napkins please.  Pay for the meal and take a seat.  There was a time where I would not worry about the grease, but now, I spend an extra 5 minutes to get as much of the oil off as possible.  I'd like to postpone my heart attack another day.

Favorite items:

Bistek
Beef Kaldereta
Lechon
BBQ chicken skewer
Sinigang
Turon
Halo halo
Coconut

Pros: good for large parties, fast food, good value
Cons: heart attack alley

There are other Filipino restaurants which I will try when I am in the area again, but this place is always a favorite compared to going to Jollibee or Chow King.
Good selection of Filipino entrees, desserts, and beverages.  Clean restaurant.   This is one of the Filipino places I eat, when I'm in town, when I need a break from the Vegas buffets,
This isn't the best filipino fast food restaurant I have ever had, but it does hit the spot when I am craving Bangus or any other fried filipino goodness.  For me, the dishes are always a hit or miss in regards to the saltiness. But, I just order a melon juice, and I am content. 

The servings are large, so you can eat like a king on a budget.  The restaurant is clean and quite spacious.  And the servers are always friendly and welcoming.
I went this restaurant with my Family and relatives...I think we were like 15 including the kids. 

I didn't enjoy the food. I have no choice since we were staying at Wynn Hotel and  since I only prefer Pinoy foods. I might as well eat rather than starve.
I always have to get Filipino breakfast once while in Vegas.  Went to this place cause my girl and her family go to this one.

The place looks like all the Filipino "cafeteria" style restaurants.  Fairly clean and smells amazing inside.  The staff was very very friendly (as most Filipinos are) and did not judge us when we didn't really speak Tagalog.  He helped us get our plates and even cracked a few jokes.

We got the pinakbet, lechon kawali, and dinuguan.  My girlfriend was quite saddened to see that there was no kare-kare that morning.  But the food was still enjoyable.  The best part of the meal was the melon drink.  It was so refreshing on a hot Vegas morning.  Mhmmm... delicious!

This isn't the greatest Filipino place I've eaten at, but it sure did help curb my cravings for Filipino food.  Wouldn't mind coming back here since I can't remember the other place my family goes to.... haha!
WOWOWEE!!!! ang sarap naman!!!!!!!!!!

Filipino soul food! like any other soul food... they make everything by scratch! everything was amazing! service would typically crappy... but it was classy-crappy... el-cra-pe!

nevertheless... the food is down right amazing! perfect hang over meal... especially in las vegas!
I was told that the Pinoy Pinay in California is SO GOOD....and they give good portions....so we went and check out this place.

First the place was almost empty...just a couple and their kid in one table...and looking at the selection...there was I think around 5 or six kinds and mostly meats..and some pinakbet...tried the combo ...Dinuguan & Pinakbet...
it was okay but really not that great....but one thing good...the melon drink...

Will I come back?  Probably!!!There are so many choices in Vegas...just feel bad didn't have the chance to try it all!
Tastiest selection of Tagalog cuisine in Lost Wages.
Turo-Turo style eatery.  Food is mediocre but the portions are plentiful.  Three combos for less than $20.  Can't beat that in Overpriced Vegas.
great comfort food.  my brother and sister in law had their food catered here on several occasions.  mainly for pacman fights =)  i like their sisig and menudo.  they also give generous amount of food from their turo-turo menu.
$5 Filipino breakfast offered ALLLL DAY?!  I'm sold!

Perfect way to start a Vegas morning.  You get your choice of tocino, longanisa, tilipia or the dried/salted fish.  Then you pick how you want your eggs cooked...and they whip it up for your right there.  Probably only takes about 10 minutes!  The longanisa + scrambled egg is my ideal and it was really good here!  Add in the fresh calamansi juice...and life is good.  

They had a huge selection of food to choose from, so I pretty much wanted to buy everything.  Luckily, I restrained.
This place hits close to home cooking and the prices can't be beat.  One of the few Filipino places (buffet-ish style where you point to the food you want and they plate it for you) that keeps their food fresh and keeps the food coming.  The place is pretty modest - nothing fancy just cafeteria style but it gets the job done!  Whenever my parents visit me in LV, they always come here at least 2 or 3 times during their visit (because I won't let them cook fish inside my house, lol!)
 
My favorite things to get here are the kare kare, beef caldereta (oily, but meat melts in your mouth!), BBQ sticks of course, the grilled pork, and the lechon (crrrunch)!  The pancit is just OK.   Adobo is just OK.  But the portions are huge!  Come early to get the best selections.  We went late one night and all my favs were missing except the lechon. 
 
Don't forget to ask for sabaw on the side (they'll give you some sinigang broth with some gulay in it.  Also don't forget the turon for dessert!
 
They used to take cash only, but now you can use your debit/credit card for purchases over 10 bucks.  2 item meal is like 7 bucks... not bad for all of the food that you get.  For the price, why cook at home?
the last few times ive gone to vegas and ate at this place it always seems like its for saturday lunch.  or was it sunday lunch?  i dont know why but vegas weekends seem to blur into one long day...

hahah, anyway.  when we were there, the line was long, straight outside the restaurant.  but we did come in a huge group, so that was probably part of the reason.  the food is great.  its trully that stick-to-your-ribs type of food you get when youre at some filipino party or a fiesta in the old country.  they even have melon juice and calamansi juice!  

my only suggestion is to go there a little earlier than the lunch crowd, on the weekend that is.  we came a little late, so some of the food was out.  besides that, grab a seat, make some room in your belly, cause this is serious eating.
Just like mom's homecooked meals!  Finally made it out here today for lunch... a whole lotta food for two for $20 AND we had left overs to bring home too!

FOOD:
Chicken Adobo - my bf likes the pork adobo better.  It was soy heavy to his liking.  Sorry, I didnt get to try it - I was busy with my own plate!!
Beef Caldareta (sp?) - It was flavorful!  Noone can beat a filipino beef stew!  Meat was tender and the soup is so good!  

Pinakbet - w/the pink bagoong.  I've never had it in this style but it was worth the try.  It rounded out the flavors: loved the string beans, squash was a nice surprise but the bagoong really brought the dish home!
Chicharron - the pig skin was nice & crispy, the meat on it tender and the sweet brown sauce they give you - mmmmmm....that will keep me coming back for more!

Great place to have a nice homecooked meal!  Good job!!
The lines were long and the service was super slow. You figured they would invest in another register to check people out more efficiently. The staff seemed unorganized. We waited approximately 15-20 mins. I would be more forgiving if the food was worth the wait, but I can get better tasting food from home. If you are really hungry, don't go here during lunch, as you might experience the same thing we did...
Friendly staff, great price, huge parking
but its a common type of filipino dish
Great food very informative staffs, feels like home so many selections to choose from.They also make really good BBQ and beef Caldereta!
Whenever I go back to Vegas I always visit this restaurant.Not expensive at all!!
Highly recommended you will never regret it.Yummy food :)
It'd been years since we last ate here, maybe within months of opening (a while ago). I should begin the review with an explanation/disclaimer; growing up, after finding out what everything was, in filipino cuisine, I became a picky eater. I was the one cutting off all the fat off the meat. I don't like greasy foods, in general (plus, being pregnant, things are not always agreeing with my system). I stuck to safe things because in all honesty, I don't eat all animal flesh (limit it to beef, chicken, sometimes pork, turkey, seafood and shellfish). And it's not like I don't eat fatty foods at all, I just select the days (I eat carefully on most days, but on the weekends, I eat what I want; it helps my figure). We don't go to a lot of filipino restaurants (but this doesn't mean that I'm less of a Pinay, I know alot about the history, I do know Tagalog, though I am not fluent, and I could go on and on about Pinoys in Hollywood, believe me, I am proud). 

Located in Amall, on the corner of Sahara and Maryland Parkway (the one with 7-11 on the corner), the cafeteria-style restaurant  (you select your items and pay at the end of the aisle, before sitting down to eat) is located in the elbow of the strip mall. Inside is spacious with lots of seating, tables & chairs. Trays are placed on top of the trash cans located near the doors. Bathrooms are located in the back of the restaurant. It is clean, however, we did see a dirty tray (had food stuck on it), which the employee promptly picked up upon seeing that it was set aside. And when we sat down, noticed that there was a B grade up on the wall. My husband also noticed that something was cleaned up with a dirty rag, which was then placed on top of the counter. 

We had cousins, and my auntie, in town so we met them here for lunch last saturday afternoon. My husband and I each chose the two-item plates (two scoops of rice, pancit, and BBQ sticks), a drink, and I also got the bibingka, and my husband got the turon (oops, forgot to tell him it was made with filipino bananas). The cashier was nice and cracked a joke about the sticky balls on a stick (carioca). The rice was plentiful, the BBQ sticks were cold and more on the fatty side, and the pancit was ok. (Also, another reason why I am picky with filipino food is that my mom's pancit and lumpia were the best. When there is such a high standard, it's hard to have anything else). The caldereta did look good, and maybe I would've enjoyed my lunch if I had that instead. Ok, I have to share this funny story abut our nephew, my sister's oldest. I didn't know that he liked dinuguan, and I told him what it was before he ordered it, when we were in line. He was eating it, and had this uncertain expression on his face. And then said, "What is this?" My immediate reaction was to laugh heartily, as I always do (sorry, I have a loud laugh). My husband later said that he wished he had recorded the whole thing (see, he can't have dessert unless he finishes the meal, it's the rule). I did enjoy the bibingka, I do love filipino desserts! Masarap. The turon @ $1.50 was really good and such a generous size too. The cost of our meals was over $21.00. My sister, brother-in-law, and their older boys split a couple halo-halo's- served in glass dishes similar to ice cream sundaes, which looked good, but I love Chow King's version (in Seafood City). If I wanted some filipino dessert, I could stop here, since it's in the neighborhood.  

There were other customers in the restaurant but I would't say that it was crowded, especially for the weekend (when we moved here in 1991, there weren't many choices and now due to a higher pinoy population, there are lots of choices for us; and the most popular is Seafood City).
I'm not a fan of filipino fast food but when you really want filipino food and you are away from your mom, this is one of the few places you can go to and get it done right.  Really in love with their barbecue and palabok.  Sometimes I feel like the portion sizes are too big but then I rememeber I can just take it home and have it the next day as my BAON.  lol
We went here after "yelping" the closest filipino restaurant from our hotel in downtown LV. this place did not disappoint! The food is good and the staffs were really nice! It was pretty cheap too! We had 7 of the two item combos, plus 4 drinks and it was less than $50. I will definitely come back to this place the next time we visit Las Vegas.
When I first came here a few years ago it was very good. I think time and complacency has set in because now the place is old and tired. Food was just ok, nothing special. I wanted to go to the back and show them how to cook, but that's okay, I didn't pay too much. Hope for a better result next time, I'll give them one more chance, then I'll be looking for a new Filipino place to go to in Vegas!!!
I got my first Filipino food from this place.  Not knowing what to order, the gentleman at the counter let me try different stuff.  I ended up ordering the skewers and the beef stew with rice.  The portion is big and it is only $6.  Their food was okay.  I liked their dessert halo halo.  I am not really sure if this place was mediocre or Filipino food is not so my taste...I  might give another shot to Filipino food somewhere else to see.
I've been coming to this place for years. 7 years to be exact, ever since I first moved to Vegas. It was my first taste of Filipino food that I missed from my mom. 

I remember the first time I came here and I was so excited. I thought the combo was a great deal and the actual amount of portion food they give you is a lot! I have never been able to eat all my food and I am a fat ass and can often throw down, so this is saying a lot! 

Is this is the best Filipino food ever? Not even close, I mean come on. You know how it goes, "my mom the best Filipino food." But they do some good lechon and I love their dinuguan. And yes, to the halo halo with ice cream. I also love the variety assortments of Filipino deserts they have. I think they have some of the best flan I have ever had. 

However, I will admit there have been occasions where I went and my food was on the cold side and just not as tasty as I know it can be. But I keep coming back to this place. The staff is friendly and I always feel welcome here. 

It's buffet style as  you grab your tray, and pick from the options they have out for the day. You can get a two or three item combo. 

As a Filipino, who doesn't look Filipino I hate when I go into a Filipino place and get the looks like, "why is she in here?" I never feel uncomfortable or unwelcome in this place. And more than not, the food is always decent. And at great prices I will always come back to this place.
I am not a person who likes to go to Filipino restaurants to eat (because my mom is the best Filipina cook ever) but I enjoyed the food and the experience here. The server/cashier was very friendly and very helpful, he had a smile on his face for every customer. He even told a couple of jokes and pointed to me where the the nearest Goldilock's was. 

The food was good, it was a lot better than a lot of other Filipino restaurants I've tried. I ordered the pork adobo, pancit palabok, and bbq pork to go. All of it was good, I especially liked the bbq pork that I would order again. They also serve you the food a la carte style so the best time to come is early when everything is still fresh. The portions are huge too, I had a good amount of leftovers. 

If I am ever back in Vegas I am sure I will visit them again. They are very welcoming and they make you feel very comfortable.
I'm not a big expert on Filipino food but I do know my lechon and sinigang.

I really like the people there, really good ambience. The lechon was good and crispy :) the lechon dipping sauce, was OKAY. but still didn't ruin my lechon experience.

Sinigang.. u cant really mess that up so it was really tasty to me :) I like the cafeteria style they have, super fast filipino food. I liked it a lot.
The place is really clean and modernish. The staff is very friendly and bathroom is clean. We were a party of 12 and it may have been to overwhelming for them because the food reflected that. My Pinakbet was drenched in shrimp paste. It was suppose to have lechon kawali, shrimp and tofu amongst all the veggies. I got 2 ladles of shrimp paste a bunch of veggies and 5 pieces of lechon kawali. The pancit miki was super salty.
The food was ok, not the best I've had in Las Vegas.  Service was ok, they were making fun of my wife because she was white.  Overall disappointed.
Another Great Place to eat Filipino Food ...:))) Family love this place!!
Been here quite a few times and it seems that the food quality has gone down. We visit from Denver and this year we ordered lechon kawali, pusit, bangus, and dinuguan. Lechon kawali was good, but the pusit was dry and the bangus was cold. We went for lunch.
I love this place.  The food is always delicious and with big servings.  I always order in a to-go container because I can never finish all my food and end up taking half of it home.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant has plenty of seating and is kept clean.
Been coming here over 10 years, the food here is actually not too shabby, . The food portion is big and best of all its cheap! Its alittle far from home  but worth the trip if you don't want to spend too much for lunch or dinner.

     We usually order 2 combo plate and one canteloupe drink, comes up to about $16 not shabby for family of 4 :)  kids love the menudo here and I like the pinakbet(vegetable stew) depending on how fresh the diniguan ill usually get a side of that also. Like I said earlier, food is not the best but its not bad either, for the price you can't beat it.
There's nothing quite like the feeling of chewing on glass. 

I don't recommend trying it but if you feel inclined - get an order of Lechon from Pinoy Pinay Filipino Restaurant in Las Vegas (northwest corner of Sahara & Maryland Parkway). 

I like Lechon to be crispy, but for my gums to be tender after the first few pieces, I threw in the white flag. I tried to pick apart the skin and go for the meat and fat, but it was dry and by then, I decided to just settle for the Pork Adobo, the second of my two item combo. 

The Adobe was not tender - the pork was chewy. Not enough vinegar. I didn't finish my Adobo either. 

I've been eating Filipino food all my life. Both good and bad. Pinoy Pinay made the latter list.
I love their sisig and BBQ here! Besides the steam table items..they also offer Filipino spaghetti, palabok and crispy pata. CRISPY PATA!! don't think just order and enjoy lol.
This place is fantastic. It's been here forever, I used to hit this place all the time for lunch. Love the food here.
Food is just amazing. Associates are very funny. As food food I suggest kalderetang kambing (goat) it's the bomb.com and halo halo for desert is a killer!!!
Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #43 - #365

My mom's friend's best friend treated us for dinner here at Pinoy Pinay. This is just another typical Filipino restaurant you'd find in any other city. The first impression that comes to me about this restaurant is that, it's a total DIVE! That doesn't mean the food is horrible. I'd say more average but not excellent. 

Since it's in Downtown, the area is not a great place to walk alone. The interior is very outdated and felt kind of dirty. Let's be honest here, the food is not that great but the prices are excellent and saved us a ton from eating on the strip. The place kind of reminded me of an old Filipino restaurant I ate at in Glendale in the 90's. 

The food wasn't that bad, more so and so. I picked up a tray and ordered the two item combo, pork barbecue skewers and chopped pork. Food was a bit cold and tasted old, the flavor in the barbecue was there and so was the chopped pork but they give you lots of rice! 

Would I come back here again? Maybe...
This is the place when you want down right good Filipino food.  

They have a variety of food to choose from & their combos are cheap $6.50.  Portions of food can make it 2 meals.  Their lechon is the best compared to all the other Filipino places I tried.  Sinigang, beef steak, lechuplan, & mango drink were all so good!!! 

This is another one of our visits when were are in Las Vegas.
One of the local Filipino places my family likes to eat at.

You can choose a combo plate - two scoops of rice & choice of two or more meat items from their steamed tables filled with all sorts of foods : Sinigang, Menudo, Pinakbet, Pancit, Adobo, Kare Kare, etc, etc.

OR 

You can choose their made to order items : Palabok, Spaghetti, Breakfast Combos, or Fresh Lumpia.

They also have a lot of Filipino desserts to choose from & Halo-Halo!
So we have, Pinoy+Pinay in Los Angeles. Moms told me this use to be the spot here in Vegas. I'm craving some Filipino food so we decided to pay a visit. 

Place is dead... Think it was just us and another family. It's pretty sad. 

Unlike their LA counterpart they didn't have Sisig, menudo, caldereta, chicken adobo.... Kind of shocked since these are go to dishes... So we got the Bicol express, lechon kawali, fried talong, and pakbet. 

First take-- food is cold.. Now... They're not busy so I'll take that into account. Taste is there and glad the lechon was crunchy. 

I really like the taste of the Bicol express just wished they had more seafood bc that batch had nothing but pork!

In conclusion, it's a decent place I'll stop by again but LA does it better. :P
I've been eating here since the 90's and it's been my go-to Filipino food place because the food is good and the portions are generous, but it looks like they recently raised their prices and switched their containers to smaller ones, so you don't get as much. The food is still good, but the portion sizes relative to the price doesn't really make this a deal anymore.
Simply, the best Halo-Halo i've ever had!

The other best thing about this little nice place is that you can either order a combination plate from the food that's already made or you can order a la cart for a freshly made meal. Ill stop by again next time Im in Vegas. 
They would get 5 if they turn the air conditioner on.
I give it a five star because there's not a lot of filipino restaurants out here that are good. I've been coming here since I was pretty young. Like middle school? So this place has been around a long time. I don't live at home anymore with my parents so I barely eat filipino food ): so when I'm craving... I come here. It's a long drive from home because I'm around the southwest area in Vegas. But it's always worth it everytime!!! I love their menudo. It's delicious. Mmmm!!!! Yummy. And the drinks they offer. Too bad it only comes in one size. I love the coconut drink. In my opinion, I think it deserves a five star... Because it hasn't disappointed me... Yet.
I love this place. The food is always great. Portion sizes are perfect for the price. There is always a good variety of dishes so my roommate and I get different things each time and share so we enjoy a bit of everything! When you get to the end of the line and you see desserts...get at least one!
Having been to the Philippines working on U.S. Military projects, I was used to ethnic Filipino cuisines while I was there decades ago.

I came to know that an old professional colleague of mine is now a Las Vegas resident and was quite surprised to received my unexpected call. With his directions, we eventually met at this Filipino restaurant for a quick lunch, for I intended to be driving back to LA afterwards that day.

However, the quick lunch turned out into a seemingly endless feast of Filipino cuisines and delicacies, as we talked about old times, the best of times, as well as the worst ones in the Philippines and in various countries we've been while deployed overseas.

I was glad I relented coming to Fiesta Filipina, instead of insisting for my friend to come over for buffet at the restaurant in my hotel.

Incidentally, the word "Fiesta" in Filipino language means feast, and that was really a sumptuous feast we had.

The next time I'll be in Vegas, I'll definitely come by this place near the southeast corner of Jones and Desert Inn.

And indeed, just like aged fine wines, old time friends are certainly considered the best.
Being Filipino, I can't live without my rice and "ulam" (main course)... so for those days that I want to reminisce about my lola's "kaldereta" or some great "sinigang', I will go to Fiesta Filipina.

When you first walk in you glance at the TV and hear the "TFC" channel playing in the background... it has a great ""homely" feel with bamboo-style decor.  

This place is awesome when you are super hungry and are craving rice, and don't want to wait for your food to come.  It is "buffet" style behind the counter, meaning you point and pick what you want.  They always have a stack of barbecue sticks waiting for you.  But if you like, they also have dishes you can have made to order, like "palabok".

Awesome place to go and pick up food if you have relatives or friends in town and don't feel like cooking. ;)

You can order a la carte, or by combo; prices are affordable and reasonable, and the food is really good here.

So overall, 4 stars! =)
The filipino decor of this place is very welcoming!  The workers are friendly and the place is overall clean.  The food there is "turo-turo style" meaning "to point".  All the food is layed out on warmers and you just tell the worker what you want. 

My favorite food there is their BBQ sticks!  There's just something about filipino BBQ sticks that just make them the best ever!  They have either pork or chicken.  

I have noticed that this restaurant has too many pork dishes, more than any other type of meat.  I was hoping for chicken adobo but they usually only have pork, or pork sinigang instead of beef sinigang.  Also, I personally am a bit picky with where I get my dinaguan but decided to try it here one day.  It was a bit soup-y, where as I like the texture kinda thick, and there was not as much meat in it, it was whatever the thin, hard part of the pig is.    

Overall, I am still a fan of this place.  But I will admit, I do mainly go here specifically for their BBQ sticks!
I went here once around lunch and it was not bad. I had some BBQ skewers and kare kare and both were cooked right. Definitely hit the spot and was quality.

However, I don't think it's good to grab later on in the day....a few days ago I stopped in starving...since I needed to get groceries at 168 and I'd pass out before I can make it home to make dinner. It was at night maybe around 7-8 and I don't think the food has been changed at all and didnt look fresh so I walked out and went to a sit down Chinese spot instead. Bummer. I have been craving filipino food, but not when it's not fresh. 

So if I'm around early, I'll stop in for turo turo....if its late at night I'll have a go only on their cook to order crispy pata.....mmmm always a wonderful heart clogging treat and made to order palabok.
Great Crispy Pata - Best in town.  BBQ, Mungo, battered bangus is all top notch!!!
Cheap prices, tasty Filipino food that is well worth the drive.  Decor and seating - needs a little freshening up.  Paper plates and plastic utensils fit the ambiance, but food is EXCELLENT!!
Noticed this on the way home from 168 Market, located down North and across the street. Place was decorated with native style furniture and bamboo accents. Typical Filipino Buffet style entrees. They got a good selection of tradtional Filipino eats and fairly priced combos/to go containers..

Sinigang na pork (soup/stew with vegetables and pork):  Good amount of pork with just the right amount of sour and salty broth flavor that's so heart-warming!

Caldereta (beef stew based on tomato sauce): Tender and Tasty pieces of Beef with its Succulent sauce makes for a Very Successful rendition of this dish! 

Beef Steak (stir fried / boiled beef slices and onions): Explosive Flavors of garlic, lemon/ycitrusy sweet and soy sauce infused within the thin fall apart beef slices and sauteed onions. Extremely Tasty!

Crispy Pata (deep fried pig): How could this not taste good.. Crunchy, Chewy and Porky! Dip it in the soy/vinegar sauce and Enjoy!

2 Thumbs Up!! Pretty Good Filipino Restaurant!
Service sucks!!! Waited 45 minutes for our medium size lechon kawali to go, and it wasn't even good! Servers had extremely bad attiude! Should have just gone to salo salo.
Full disclosure - I'm not Filipino. However, my girlfriend is and I have eaten plenty of Filipino food over the years and I adore the food and the culture.

WOW. I have to say, I was really impressed with the food at this restaurant. I was quite impressed with the selection of traditional Filipino dishes. 

Food: I got the Pork BBQ, Crispy Pata (deep fried pork leg), Sinigang and the fish chips of course. The serving sizes were very generous, affordable prices and most importantly DELICIOUS Filipino food!

Service: The staff was very nice and the owner made me feel like family. 

Décor:  Is very cozy with that homey touch.

I can't wait to come back to this place (when I'm back in Vegas) for some good Filipino food. Scrumdiddlyumptious!!!! 

A must try!
Out of all the buffet style Filipino Restaraunts in Vegas, Filipina Fiesta is my favorite.

Its clean, it smells good, the employees speak better english than other restaraunts, the decor is more appealing and the food presentation is wonderful.

I especially come to this location for the Sinigang, which is better than grandmas. Yes i said it, "better than grandmas!!!"  It's SUPER sour and filled with vegetables and meat.

The portions are worth more than the $5 it costs and they are not stingy on the rice!
of all filipino restaurants, this one of the few that i like. its pricier than most filipino fast food places but its still reasonable. they have cool filipino decor and their bbq is AMAZING. love love their bbq and fried banana lumpia. i think theyre always nice too so i'm not sure why some people had bad service lol overall, i think their quality is always consistent.
Great place for a quick cheap meal. If your new to Filipino food, I would start off with the barbecue and pancit. If you're feeling more adventurous, try the dinuguan (blood stew) or balut (fertilized duck egg), if available. My mom still makes better dinuguan and pancit but this place is pretty good for price and convenience. I prefer to get take-out because sometimes they play terrible and depressing Filipino dramas on their TVs. The constant crying in the background is not appetizing.
I work right next door to this place, I gotta tell yah my dislikes are the fact that they are tooooo pricey for filipino food.

lower your cost people.

I do love your halo-halo and chicharron bulaklak though.
The Panda Express of Filipino food......not bad but not extremely good...but hits the spot when you are in a hurry and want some not so healthy food =)

It's a pick and choose your meal type of place with an assortment of things I honestly can't identify.  My go to generally is the pancit (rice noodles) with bbq skewer(either pork/chicken)...just the way I like it low on vegetable, high on protein!  Other items that are good...the beef stew, some days much more tender than other days...so consistency is definitely a little off.  

They have a huge assortment of fried goods....make sure you ask before you order...one onion-ring looking item turned out to be fried intenstine...phew....good thing I asked instead of frontin' like I knew what it was ;)  I like the turon....what is there not to like about a fried banana egg roll with a sugary glaze on top.
not coming back. tables are dirty, not maintained after customer leaves. food looks very fatty compared to other filipino restaurants. I couldn't even eat my kare kare because the ox part they gave me was all fat. this place is low quality.
I was planning on hitting up another Filipino fast food joint on sahara and found this instead.  It was definitely a blessing because this is the best one yet in Vegas.
My wife is Filipina, but I'm not a huge fan of Filipino food. I usually only like the Filipino food she cooks. However, I have to say that I really liked my food from Fiesta Filipina. My wife got pancit with BBQ and I got a two item combo. She sent me off to get it. I think I was the only non-Filipino there. I didn't recognize all of the items, so I had to point at things and ask what they were. I decided on banana leaves in coconut milk and kind of like a pork stew. I also got us fresh melon juice and some garlic peanuts.  Everything was very good. I have been to many Filipino restaurants with my wife, and this is hands down my favorite. The prices are very reasonable too. My wife is glad that I have found a Filipino restaurant I actually want to go back to.
Good lunch spot in Vegas.
Yummy Filipino food. Since I don't know how to cook that many Filipino dishes, Fiesta Filipino is the place to go. It's not quite like home cooking but close enough. I just love their Crispy Pata, probably one of my favorite dishes they make. I have been here a few times and finally got to try their Kare-Kare, it was just okay they over cooked the beef because it was dry and tasted a little burnt.
Over- priced for filipino food.  $17 for crispy pata, $2 for a BBQ stick.
Fiesta Filipina is one of my go to spots for Filipino food whenever I'm in Vegas. 
I like the location, selection of food and overall atmosphere of the place.

Most Filipino restaurants in Vegas are on Maryland Parkway but this one is located on Jones Blvd. It's in at the corner of a small strip mall. I like this location because it's easy to find and get to. It's also not too crowded.

The place is small and cute. Their decor is very Filipino with welcome and goodbye signs in Tagalog. They have kawayan bamboo wood decor around. Their back wall has a neat collage of Filipino celebrities who have frequented the restaurant. There are flat screen TVs on both ends of the restaurant where people can enjoy the latest sport game on cable or something on  the Filipino channel.

This place is not a buffet, instead it is turo- turo (Tagalog for point point). There is a display of food ready to eat and you point to which dish you want. They have a vast selection of traditional Filipino foods like kare-kare (meat in peanut butter broth), caldereta (beef stew), Filipino bbq skewers (chicken and beef), beef steak (beef with onions), menudo (pork stew), sinagang ns isda (sour fish soup) and lumpia (Filipino egg rolls).  If you don't want anything from the ready made dishes,  they do have some items that you can order and they can prepare especially for you like crispy pata (fried pork). For drinks, they have Filipino cantaloupe juice and various sodas. They offer dessert too! They have halo halo (Filipino shaved ice) and turon (Filipino banana egg rolls). 

On my last visit here, I tried the kare-kare, the chicken skewers,  the beef steak and the turon. The kare kare broth on top of the white rice was a winner. I also liked the tender chicken skewers that surprisingly had a spicy kick to it. The beef steak had lots of shredded beef with onions. This one was good but a bit oily. The turon was a nice treat at the end. Crispy and sweet, the turon is a good deal for a $1. Like my previous visits, I left happy and full! I also had plenty of left over to take to-go.

This is a good spot to go to for Filipino food in Vegas!
I really thought I liked dish place prom when I used to go here. I'd like to gib it dat extra star but shumting ish holding me back.

I take the girl here for an after the gym treat. SMART. I got that itch that Filipinos get when they haven't eaten anything unhealthy in a minute. I talk her into going here so we can munch on chicharon bulaklak (deep fried pork intestines), lechon kawali (deep fried pork), and sinigang na baboy (a soup with pork and veges in a sour tamarind base). The bulaklak was ok. I had trouble finding the vinegar. Usually restaurants have a seasoned vinegar sauce ready to go. I had to make my own with whatever sauces and makings that they had on this small table. I had trouble looking for the secret sauce that makes all lechon just that much better. Mang Tomas!?! Where the pho'k are you?! I find it in a  weird container. The sinigan was up to par but wasn't nearly as good as the other restaurants around the way. Both me and the girl only liked the sinigan there. 

Maybe it was an off day today or maybe I better get my eats at the other spots around the way. I'll give it one more try on these main items. Allthough their crispy pata is pretty on point here. I will give them that.

With that said, because of their crispy pata....

3.5 stars
mediocre . . . . at best!!!
Unfortunately, the problem with this restaurant is that everything is precooked.  Went for dinner around 5:30 pm and the pancit was starting to dry out and the pork skewers were so hard and dry we had to wrestle them by hand trying to get them off the skewer.  Those were the only two things we had and we were very disappointed.  This place could be a lot better if dishes were made to order and unless they change we will not go back.
Fiesta Filipina (compared to 2 or 3 other Filipino food places we ate at in Vegas) turned out to be 1 of the better restaurants to go to in Vegas, for Pinoy food. I felt that the taste of the food here was 'closest' to home. I ordered fried milkfish with rice, & it tasted like the milkfish we eat in Pinas :) We went on a Sunday & most of the people eating there were Pinoy. It was packed, just like any other food place (on a Sunday) in Manila.
I grew up Filipino...or at least I tried to.

For $6 for a one scoop rice and 2 choice of items, it's pretty cheap. I had quite a few items from here before. Dinuguan, longanisa, kaldereta, and bistek. I would not get these again, why? It's so damn oily! Seriously, you can see the oil on top of it. Gross. I remember my parents making this kind of food for dinner and it wasn't oily at all.

I also had the pancit palabok and pancit guisado. Ehhh...it was just dry as if it was sitting waiting to be eaten since they've open.

Bottom line: aight Filipino food. I wouldn't come back here unless if I was desperate to get high blood pressure.
This is my favorite place to go to when I'm craving for Filipino food, and I'm not quite yet ready to head home from school. 

I always get their 2-Item Combo since it's really cheap (around $6) for a lot of yummy food! I've tried their sinigang (ask for some soup on the side!), chicken/pork adobo, chicken & pork bbq, bistek, lumpiang shanghai, beef calderata, crispy pata, and their chicharon bulaklak. I've always left happy and full whenever I ate here or ordered food from here. The food does end up on the oily side though -- which is why this place only gets 4 stars.

My favorite here has GOT to be the crispy pata. Good for the tummy, bad for the arteries. Haha! I love eating crispy pata with just rice. Yum, yum, yum! I always bring my out-of-town peeps here! 

Their place is clean and obviously their ambiance is very Filipino (duh!). I felt very "at home" here and their service is always nice and friendly.

Definitely going in for some more.. And more.. And more! :)
Been going to this place many times & I really love their foods.  BUT, an incident occurred last week that made me change my mind about this place.  A customer behind me complained that his BBQ chicken stick is cold.  He brought his whole plate to the counter and the server took the BBQ chicken out of the plate. She placed it back in the pan full of sauce with the other BBQ chicken sticks (ewww)! My sister & I looked at the server w/disgust!  Instead, of throwing the BBQ chicken stick that the customer probably touched and bit (how else would you know it's cold, right?), she mixed it up with rest of the chicken that other customers will order not knowing what just happened!  I never thought this food chain will be unsanitary!  We told them they should throw it away but they didn't do such. My sister & I will never eat here again!  Talk about cheap; they're being thrifty!!!
Avg filipino fast food. I grew up eating real filipino so the food is ok when u want something really quick and you dont want to cook urself
Wtheck happened to this place?!  :( 
Been going here since I was a teen and I always make sure I visit when I am in town. Why because I loveee their chicken BBQ stick, kare kare, and turon. Lets just say the quality of food has gone DOWN!! The rice is so watery or in other words MALATA. This on its own makes you lose your appetite. My kare kare was full of bones! I mean come on!!! Now the turon is just ok but not as good as I remember. Truly sad that they have changed..oh well what can you do =\
It's clean most of the time I go there...but the other times I just get so disgusted out. The tables aren't cleaned properly and there's still so much mess from the previous person sitting there. However, the thing that keeps me going back is their pork BBQ and their crispy pata. Always cooked to perfection when I get it.
I hate rice, but there's is awesome!!!! Awesome food and so cheap $7.11 for two items of meat, two big scoops of rice and a can of pop!
My BF loves Filipino food- every time we're in this area, he mentions we should check this place out. But usually when he does so, it's right after I've picked up groceries at Jones Market, and we're headed home to cook.

When the rainy weather hit is this Friday, all I wanted to do after work was pick up a take out feast and curl up with Netflix. Naturally, this place came up as a dining option, and in we went to get as much as we could carry.

I've never had Filipino food, and once we walked in to the basic menu and tons of unlabeled food on display, BF confessed it had been years and he had no idea what to order. Which of course just means that we ordered nearly everything they offered: two of their two-meat plates with rice, and a bunch of other added-on take out containers of sauces and stews, plus this and that from their appetizers and desserts section, and we were out the door with a gigantic, packed bag of food for only $25.

Now, I have only a vague idea of what each item was, but I can tell you right now, it was ALL freaking delicious! The pork adobo and a beef stew dish were probably my favorites, the crispy pata was too indulgent for me, the eggroll-like things (I think they're called lumpia?) were downright sinful and had surprisingly little grease, the grilled skewers of chicken and beef were both very flavorful and not overly charred or burned, and the fried intestines were super salty for my tastes- but BF loved everything that I had the slightest hesitation about.
There was a vegetable and shrimp crispy pancake thing that was just alright to me, but BF raved about, and I felt that way about the dessert we had- a skewer of round balls that looked like donut holes, had a chewy center, and a slight maple-syrup-like aftertaste.

Not only did we pig out for this meal (as evidenced above), but there was even enough left over that we actually saved some for later- almost unheard of for us. Knowing what we like here now will likely make future trips much cheaper- two 2-meat plates with rice for under $11 is amazing, and as long as I can have pork adobo for one of those, we're good to go!
Thought I'd try a new Filipino restaurant in town, but I left very disappointed. 

Arrived at the restaurant and was immediatley greeted by the staff. We ordered the two meat plate wth pancit, pork adobo, and rice. When we asked for lumpia, we were told there was none left and to try again during lunch time. Next problem was that my girlfriend's pancit was cold, so the lady asked us if we wanted it microwaved. When we answered no she threw it in the trash, and gave us some more. The pancit was slightly warmer, but not much. The pork adobo was tasty, but all of the floating fat made me lose my appetite a bit. Rice was a little mushy but the banana lumpia was delicious! I also appreciate the lady not charging me the credit card fee to buy water.

The restaurant had plenty places to sit but there were some serious sanitary issues. When I went to throw our food away, I noticed both trash cans were overflowing with garbage! I could not believe it. And being honest, I had to use the restroom before I left. Unfortunately for me I had to go #2 and there was no toilet seat! Unacceptable!

Fiesta is a lot closer to me than other restaurants, with cheap prices and big portions. However, with all the sanitary issues we noticed, I'm skeptical.
This is the 2nd time I've been here and they ran out of BBQ sticks and Lechon Kawali by 5:30pm.  It's a popular item so they should
continuously have it available from opening till close.  What a disappointment = \
Very nice staff. I like the place it's nice and big. The food was great specially the palabok and turon. They do take credit cards so need to worry if you don't have a cash.
Only had takeout that my friend would bring over, but never stopped in here.  Very chilly inside that night, not sure why the a/c was running so high, but when my friend finally showed up, the other dining area was blocked off with chairs and we couldn't sit there.  FF is like a Filipino Panda Express, where you point and choose.  The Laing (taro leaf, coconut milk, meat) was nicely done with a spicy kick.  Not sure what my other dish was, but it was a tasty combination of onions, pimentos, green olives, beef braised in a tomato-based sauce.  The requisite steamed rice was hot and fresh, the pancit passable.  Reason for two stars? If I hadn't been starving, I probably would have walked in and walked right back out. The place REALLY needs a good cleaning--people, just close for a day and freaking declutter and steam clean the whole place!!
I love this place. I used to live right down the street from it and would always get my food from them whenever I crave for Filipino food. I'm a Kapampangan, and early in life I was taught what good food taste like. Does this place taste like my grandma's legendary cooking? I've been working in professional kitchens for the past 6yrs, under really great chefs, and no one came close to my grandma. But their food is good enough, better than others actually. They specialize in Kapampangan food, and theirs are the most authentic Kapampangan food I've had in Vegas, aside from the ones we cook at home of course. 

They have really good crispy pata, pancit bihon, bicol express, bistek, and lechon kawali. They even have karioka which my mom loves. The only negative thing I can say about this place is that they need to stick with the traditional Kapampangan halo-halo with pastillas and macapuno, instead of the Tagalog version, and  their pancit luglug/palabok needs more consistency and flavor; they need to readjust their sauce recipe and put more shrimp in it. Otherwise, it's a good place to go introduce your foreign friends to our cuisine and also to satisfy your Filipino food cravings,
Ok so I came to this place a few years back and I would have given it a 2 or 1 star review. But things have changed. I like that in a place where it improves. Now Filipino food is not for everyone. But there are things that white people go nuts for like our Lumpia(kinda like egg rolls) and chicken adobo. Fried rice, etc.....Ok so had the veggie lumpias. They were actually really good. This place also makes traditional dishes like kare kare and they make it with seafood(The best way to describe traditional kare kare is oxtail and peanut butter stew. It's actually one of my favorite dishes. My fam ordered the fried bangus(milkfish) and I usually don't eat it. But it wasn't bad....for a fishy fish...Ok so yea I know you guys are skirred. But seriously it's not that bad. I think our staple is our barbeque skewers( Yes beef, chicken or pork) and crispy pata. That's like pork roasted and deep fried to a crisp. Yes. Filipino PRIDE. Pride pish, pride chicken, pride rice! Gotta love it ;)
My good pal Damon just moved in to a new place across the street from the strip mall that houses Salo-Salo and we went to try it a few nights ago.  Now, I don't pretend to know much of anything about Filipino food.  I think this was only the 2nd or 3rd time in my life that I had it.  And it was good.  Nothing spectacular, but not bad either.

For an appetizer we got fishballs which our other dining companion, Alyson, and I let Damon eat by himself.  I wasn't feeling that brave.  For entrees, we got garlic rice, combo fried rice, pork and chicken skewers and Alyson got tortang hipon which can best be described as a shrimp omelet. 

I really enjoyed the sauce on the chicken skewer.  It was sweet but not overpowering.  The garlic rice was OK, but the combo rice was awesome.  Alyson's tortang hipon must have been good because it was all gone.

The staff was pleasant, but service was slow, and we were sat in the back corner of our own room, which we jokingly named the White Folk Room.

I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if it's nearby it's worth a shot.  The price is right, too.
I feel like I'm back home :D
who knew there was a Salo-Salo in Vegas???  I luv this place.  

the vegas one is pretty nice.  makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.  service was actually ok.  usually filipino restaurants don't have the best service, but this place was ok.  my phone was dying so i had to bust out my tagalog and ask where i can plug my phone in.  they were nice about it and let me charge my phone near the kitchen behind one of the rice cookers.  

it was about lunch time but i was cravin some filipino breakfast so i ordered the combo breakfast - longanisa, beef tapa, and pork tocino with some garlic fried rice.  excuse me while i wipe off my drool...

longanisa is this sausage thing... i hate eating it 'coz its super fatty and it makes you burp the longanisa taste all day long... even if u eat it for breakfast, you'll be burping it for dinner... but it's just so damn good!  the tapa and tocino are yummy too.  the garlic fried rice was ok.

the best part is the dessert. :)  there's no way i can eat at salo salo and not have halo halo [(from Tagalog halo, "mix") is a popular Filipino dessert that is a mixture of shaved ice and milk to which are added various boiled sweet beans and fruits, and served cold in a tall glass or bowl.]

it would just be wrong to not have halo halo there.  

ok... i'm cravin it even more now....
5 stars easily... this place beats out any other Filipino restaurant I have ever been to! I got the recommendation from a friend that frequents Vegas and was he dead on that this place would be a hit.

I forget what we ordered but it was off the hook! One of the best things is that it wasnt served all sloppy. The presentation of the seafood platter looked good.

I have to make sure I come here whenever im in Las Vegas!
My first experience with Filipino food..this place was suggested by a Filipino coworker of mine.   So we decided to give this place a shot after having more than a few beverages at the Freakin Frog.

I got the chicken adobo which was very tasty...hard to describe the taste..almost like a garlic kinda gravy but the chicken thigh almost had a turkey quality to it..maybe it was the beer talking but that's what it seemed like and it was damn good.  For $1 extra, I got a beef soup and a bunch of mini egg rolls so the total came to $9.95 for a huge meal.  My wife got an awesome combo platter which included bbq pork, beef, chicken and red snapper (skip the red snapper if you go) which also came w/ rice and egg rolls all for $8.95!!  A steal!!  

The setup of the place is pretty nice too.  Almost has an islandy/vacation feel to it if the front blinds are down and you're not looking at the cars going by on Jones :P  Super friendly staff that helped/suggested a bunch of different things for us to try too.
Good friend of mine eats there regularly and took me there once while I was in Vegas. The food is good. It's a good place for someone new to Filipino food. The chicken adobo is what I usually get and is great for someone starting out with this cuisine.
Calamansi juice is the best refreshment on a hot Vegas morning.  Mmmm.  My fam and I ordered that variety platter of grilled meat - pork, beef, chicken.  Delicious!!  I especially love the fact that they have all the dipping sauces Filipino's need - namely, the soy sauce and vinegar.  Yum!  We also ordered some soup and the pork chops.  I was in heaven.  Why didn't anyone ever tell me about this place before??

My dad ordered the halo-halo, which he was impressed with.  I loved that there was a scoop of ube ice cream - I never see that here!  Also, we tried their special dessert - Turon Delight.  It's basically turon (fried banana dumpling) topped with ice cream.  It was good and just enough for 3 of us to split!

Service is fast and friendly...and it got pretty packed about half an hour after opening.  (They open at 11am on Saturday, btw.  My fam and I were sitting in the car, waiting for them to open.  How sad.)

Oh!  And they serve breakfast all day!!  Chorizo, scrambled eggs and rice anytime you want it??  Nothing beats that!
Oh heck yeah I'm a fan.

How can you go wrong with deep fried food?
Rhetorical question.  Please don't answer that.

There was an episode of the Simpson's where Moe decides to convert his bar to a restaurant and purchases a military grade deep fryer.
In one scene, they show a complete meal (entree, salad, wine glass, flower in mini-vase all sitting on a tray) being lowered into this scalding hot vat of oil and coming out all crispy golden. 
That's what I had!

And it was all good: fried chicken, fried pork, fried ribs, fried rice, fried fork, fried drinking glass, all served with a side of lechon sauce and/or banana ketchup.

After my meal here, I had to eat salad for a week, but it was worth it.

And once I've fully drained all this oil out of my system, I'm going back for more -- I'm talking at least a couple months.

See you guys in December.
i like their torta....... half like their sinigang.......
Lunch is 4.0 stars. Banquet Room is 1.0 stars. Average is 2.5, rounding down to 2.0 because our catered event really sucked with a $3300 price tag.

The lunch  4.0 stars

When I want to eat at a sit down Filipino food in Vegas, not at a turo-turo style, Salo Salo is an obvious choice.They're known for good food and a clean restaurant.  They're definitely a much better lunch and dinner restaurant than a special events catering facility.  

At Lunch:  For the price $9-12 dollars for most lunch specials, you get pretty good food. Their wait persons are very nice.  The food is authentic and fresh, and the presentation is good.  There are lots of families inside this open type of layout so it's kind of loud and lively. The five of us tried many different dishes including the sinigang, kare kare, lichon, pansit, fried seafood. and all were pretty good.   

Of course my extroverted sister, like always, made friends with the table to our right.  Next thing we know, they're trying out some of our stuff and vice versa.  I was too full to try anything else, though. There's something about Filipinos around the table sharing food and conversation. Actually I was saving up for their delicious bibinka.  

One thing I didn't like was their  pansit, the noodle dish. Theirs had way too much fish sauce.  I guess I'm used to my mom's home made version which has more flavor with only a tad fish sauce.. Salo Salo's desserts are overall good, esp. their excellent bibingka baked in banana leaf.  IMO this is the best thing they make.  I also like their halo halo.  

The banquet room  1.0 star

We liked their lunch food enough that we decided to have my parents' anniversary party there. Turns out, that wasn't such a good idea. As a banquet venue, they were below expectations.  It cost about $33 a person and there were about 100 of us.  For that, we got their pre-cooked bland lumpia and pansit, white rice, and three entrees cooked in bulk and kept lukewarm, sort of  It was buffet style, I thought there would be more entrees. Nope  We got our own room, but it was not well appointed as the main restaurant. It was like being put in the spare storage room with sparse decorations. 

We did get "entertainment" however.  Well, sort of.  He was a DJ and singer, supposedly.  The most recent song he played as a DJ was Cher's "Believe'. We had our party in 2008, and that Cher song was around 2000? We did like some of the old disco tunes.  But with 1/3 of the attendees under  30, we wanted to hear Hip Hop and modern dance music.  He didn't have any hip hop or rap songs as a DJ in Vegas? What's up with that?. As far as his singing: he could sing okay over his too much echo karaoke machine.  

IMO it was NOT worth the   $33 dollars a person.   Most places give you that rate with a sit down dinner in a really nice venue. It would have been better for all 100 of us of us to have gone to the regular restaurant and ordered dinner individually.
Finally something else besides the buffets! After many delays to try the Artesia location and having to move back to the Bay Area, I ended up here with my family. It's not that far off the strip, and yes its in the middle of Chinatown/Spring Mountain Road. 

Wasn't busy at all considering we showed up at 2:30 on a Wednesday afternoon. Prices were pretty reasonable too. Between my family, we shared miki bihon, sisig, fried calamari, crispy pata, kare kare, and steamed rice. The miki bihon was a little dry, but it had some flavor to it at least. The fried calamari was a little too crispy. Not the best I've had, but pretty decent. Their sisig was clutch though. It came out on the sizzling plate with two slices of lime on the side, and it was cooked perfectly. The crispy pata was amazing as well, yet at most other Filipino restaurants I've been to they never mess that one up. 

If you're not up for a la carte, they have rice plates that range from $6-$8, and they all have silog platters as well if you're craving breakfast food. Our bill came out to a little over $51, and that's actually decent since some places tend to overcharge. All you Filipino food lovers should look into this place when you're tired of the eating somewhere on the strip. Trust.
Thanks to Yelp and my fellow Yelpers, my reviews are rarely negative and in the case of Salo Salo Grill, this is no exception!

On our weekend trip to Las Vegas, I woke my husband up one early Saturday to prep him for lunchtime.  The question of what to eat went on for all of 10 minutes before I made an executive decision and said we were having Filipino food.  So off to Salo Salo Grill!  It was very easy to find, located in a strip mall about 10 minutes away from our hotel.

Scene: KID IN A CANDY STORE!!  That's what I felt like when I looked at the menu.  We had to pare down our list because there was no way we can eat that much food.  We still over-ordered but our server took the orders without flinching.

Bulalo Soup - Beautifully stewed beef shank, tender and pure with fresh bok choy.  Fried garlic garnish finished the soup perfectly.
Palabok - Standard but still one of my favorite Filipino dishes.  I was happy to see it was the version that came topped with sauce and long noodles rather than the short fat noodles with the sauce stirred in already.
Crispy Pata - A little too over-fried but the pork hock was delicious nonetheless.  The vinegar sauce was a great complement.  My hubby couldn't resist picking up the bone to gnaw off as much crispy meat as he could.
Kare-Kare - I'm always used to other places cheaping out on the oxtail but these guys spared no expense.  I counted 4 or 5 pieces of oxtail along with tripe and green beans, eggplant and bok choy.  The housemade bagoong was complex, briny and delicious.
Sizzling Sisig - This was probably our biggest disappointment.  It didn't sizzle and that was probably due to the vast amount of liquid the pork was sitting in.  However, the pork still tasted delicious and was very tender.
Garlic Fried Rice - It'd be tough to mess this up.  Super tasty although we couldn't eat much of it.

We ended up packing the kare kare, garlic fried rice and sisig to go to snack on in our hotel room later tonight.  

But in the meantime, we ordered some halo halo for dessert.  The first bite of ube ice cream and shaved ice flashed me back to high school on Guam when we would have halo halo parties (healthy, wholesome, lotsa of sugar but no booze).  My favorite part is drinking it after all the fruit and beans are eaten.  What a great way to stop off our meal!!

Service was attentive with servers checking on us and offering us drink refills every few minutes.

Hubby and I had to ROLL ourselves out of the restaurant, groaning merrily all the way back to our hotel.
This is a nice looking place that is right up the road serving Filipino food.  I was having a craving for dinuguan aka dinardaraan for the Ilocanos(I don't know how you spell that but its blood meat aka chocolate meat) so I looked up nearby Filipino places.  I choose this one because it was right up the road.  Unfortunately for me they didn't have what I wanted on their menu.  I guess its not a main stream dish and most younger generation Americanized Filipinos don't eat it anymore. 

Anyway, I settled for some Lichon.  It was good, and the garlic rice that came with if was just like mom used to make.  There was a fair amount of oil going on, but it's Lichon.  That's just the way it goes.  I wish that some of the other traditional foods made it onto the menu.  So as good as the food is I think I'll keep looking for other restaurants.  You know, even goldilocks serves dinuguan.  

Service wise, this place was OK.  I don't know if it's because I don't look Filipino or what (I'm half white) but the waitress seemed a little nervous talking to us.  For a second she tried to speak Filipino to my Korean girl friend.  They were very nice there though.  I guess I've just become accustom to the louder in your face servers at most Vegas restaurants.
its a nice restaurant! variety of choices. i believe the price is reasonable and the food is alright. when youre hungryyy its great. definitely one of my food joints in vegas
Food is ok.
Hubby and I revisited this place on our trip to Vegas last weekend.  After the sheen of newness wore off, we were able to judge the food with fewer stars in our eyes. 

This time we were a little more conservative with our amount of food.  We went with:

Beef Mami - noodle soup with beef shank.  The beef shank was tender with the right amount of bite.  Delicious with the vinegar sauce.  The dish itself was rather bland and unremarkable.
Garlic Rice - a delicoius staple, can't go wrong with this.
Grilled Mussels - This was hubby's request.  I had one and stayed away.  The mussels didn't taste particularly fresh and, to me, very fishy.  Hubby who is a great fan of mussels did not compliment it either.
Kare Kare - I love this dish because 1.) it comes with bagoong which has to be one of my favorite condiemnts in the world.  and 2.) they actually give you a good amount of oxtail.  The tripe is plentiful as well but not as enticing to eat because they use huge pieces instead of cutting them down
Grilled Eggplant - This was a cheap side dish which I think was totally worth the $3 we paid.  I don't know if they really smoked it or just used liquid smoke but it the heady smokey flavor was delicious, especially when paired with the accompanying bagoong.  Did I mention the bagoong is house made and a pleasant pink color?  It's also not over salty like the commercial variety.
Halo halo - can't mess this up.  Ok I guess you can but we haven't had a messed up halo halo yet.  This was delicious as always.  Wish they give you more ube ice cream though.

If we weren't desperate for Filipino food (not much to be had in Orange County), we probably wouldn't come here when we're in Vegas.  We wanted a nice sit down place (as opposed to a fast food place) with decent service.  But we jones for Filipino food and so we come here.
I'm glad Salo-Salo doesn't judge me.  

For what...you wonder?

Busting up in there for lunch two days in a row!  

Believe me, I thought the waitresses were going to give me a look of disappointment and surprise when we walked in.  I mean, who goes to the same restaurant two days in a row?

Apparently, Olia H. and I do.   In Vegas.   Who can turn down awesome Filipino food?

You see, I fell in love with this place last August.   Since then, I vowed that I would try the 'all-day breakfast' that the menu offered.  If you know me, you're aware of my obsession of eggs, rice and longaniza/tocino.  That honestly would be my last meal.  *drool*

For $8, Salo-Salo serves up a heaping pile of garlic fried rice, eggs and yummy grilled meat (either longaniza, tocino or inihaw baboy).  I also decided to order some lumpia because...why not?  It was the best way to start Day #2 in Vegas.  

So good, in fact, that Olia H. and I came to the quick agreement Sunday morning that we'd go back there.  This time, Olia H.ordered the lechon (crispy skin goodness) and was first introduced to the delicious 'all-purpose' lechon sauce.  Yes, you can put that sauce on anything and it will make it automatically taste better.  

Added bonus: Realizing how homey Salo-Salo is.  Various families were in the restaurant, reading the Sunday paper, not saying a word to each other.  Sounds pretty much like the Sundays of my childhood.  Hehe.
This reveiw is for the catering food to go only

I recently went to an anniversary party in town, and they chose to get their food catered from Salo Salo. We walked into the restaurant at 3:00 PM on a Saturday, and there were surprisingly four parties dining in. But we were here to pick up our phone order items: There were supposedly 15 people expected to attend, but somehow we ended up with 25-30 guests in staggered fashion.  And the food was still too much. Here is the stuff we got::

- large order of meat only lumpia, with no veggies inside
- an order of skewered chicken, beef, and pork
- a fried seafood platter  with whole Milkfish (Bangus), fried calamari rings, fried shrimp, and fried mussel with two whole fried eggplant,garnish.  
- meat lover's BBQ special platter (chicken pieces, BBQ bistec, BBQ pork ribs. 
- lechon kawali (cubed and seasoned fried pork with crispy texture and crispy skin with we Filipinos treasure), served with an all purpose sauce
- large order of pansit (glass noodle pasta with chicken, shrimp, and pork. )

Our order was ready right at the time it was promised, and it was  fairly well packed to travel on the road. They made sure the crisply lumpia had holes in cover, and it was only 3/4 covered so that it would be vented properly and not all spill out.

The food was a hit.  Everyone, me included, thought the food tasted really good.  The two dishes I didn't like too much were the lumpia which reminds me of institutional style food and the pansit which had way too much patis (fish sauce) for my taste. Guests brought some other stuff, including lots of white rice, green salad, and steamed winter veggies.  My mom made some some homemade desserts (bibngka, a baked casava coconut milk cake, suman, a sweet rice and brown sugar coconut milk mixture which is baked and topped with brown sugar glaze, and creamy fruit salad with some tropical fruit and young coconut.). 

Most of the Filipinos in this party, including the older adults, are fairly skinny or average in weight (I'm getting a gut, however).  The food was only half eaten two hours after the 3:30 PM dinner start time.  How were we to finish this food?  Well, thankfully, the reinforcements came. They included my two half Samoan nephews and their father and another older nephew Mike who is 5'11 and 220 pounds.  They mowed down an additional third of the food between them.  My 14 year old nephew is 5'10" and big enough to be a high school linebacker (which I think he is).  Mike is a former HS linebacker also.  No wasted food here!

The Food from Salo Salo, except for their subpar banquet, is delicious, and it's no wonder they have a lot of fans. In a sea of Filipino buffets, they stand out as a very good sit down restaurant and food to go operation.
I'm impressed with this location...a sit down place, not fast food, friendly staff, nice atmosphere, and of course really good food. We ordered a platter to share, for $38 you can pick 7 different meats and 2 sides from a list. We also ordered bagoong fried rice, adobo fried rice and halo halo.  

For the platter we ordered crispy pata, lechon kawali, pork BBQ, lechon rib, pork tocino, grilled pork (double order), grilled talong and adobong kangkong. 

The hits: 
The tocino is ridiculous!! I am in love with that. Lechon kawali, soft meat with crunchy skin...just eat around the fat. The bagoong fried rice is tasty, try this for a new take on fried rice. Crispy pata, always a must in any Filipino restaurant. 

The misses:
Some dishes are ok, not spectacular...but Im happy to report, no misses =)

This location is great and we left there with full tummies and a great big smile on our faces. 

Tip: check out the mini Bahay kubo-ish structure out front for a great photo-op. It looks like u were just transported in a province in the Philippines. (just don't include the cars in the parking lot in your pic) =}
Food was good not great and the service was terrible. Came here on a Saturday night. The place wasn't packed but all the tables were taken. After waiting a few minutes we were seated.  We placed our order and it took a long time for us to get our food. Really long. 

We ordered some bbq and seafood platter. When we got our food, some of it was cold. For some reason, the bbq skewers were inedible. Disgusting! I also thought that we got meager portions for our kare kare. The oxtail was really small and the dish mostly had veggies and tripe in there.

What made it worse was that our waitress was running around with her head cut off. She even gave us another table's entree. It was hard to track someone down for water refills too. This is the last time I'll eat here.
Thank you google maps and GPS nav as I would never venture outside the Vegas strip without it. I was able to find some decent pinoy restaurants (as well as a pinoy bakery and grocery store in Sin City). Gonna visit the strip this spring break and will be stopping by Salo-Salo Grill once again. The food here is great - granted pricey for filipino food. Try the sisig, it's awesome!
So it was our last night in Vegas and my two friends and i tell me about this place from one of theirparents. There's an actual traditional bamboo hut outside their store and it's really cool. Inside is really small and the portions of their food was really big. I got the breakfast platter with longanisa and it was only $6.95!!! it had 4 pieces of longanisa that looked grilled and were butterflyed out, 2 large scoopsof garlic fried rice, and scrambled eggs. By the time I was full, i look like i had not eaten anything. Sinigang was really tasty and their lechon kawali was on point!
I dont usually tip over $5, but this time $5 is all worth it. I'm really hooked with  this place. Foods are great, friendly staff. A very reasonable price. We ordered crispy pata, bbq pork, bbq shrimp, salab mango for the platter. A plate of garlic fried rice can share it with 3 people, a bowl of sinigang na bangus boneless (must try, super delish) sago at gulaman, buko juice for refreshment. I was so full till dinner time. Try it for a new vegas food experience outside the strip.
Food was actually good here, i USED to go here with my family all the timee, until they served my dad with bad/ "Bulok" crab, lols. It would have been fine if they handled it professionally and politely, but their waitress is just oh soooo RUDE! really bad service. If a customer is complaining about something you served and the customer is completely right with the bad food you served them in front of your face..DONT argue with the customer..

We have not gone back to this place after that incident, plus it is ridiculously frustrating to have them give you dirty looks whenever you ask for a glass of water or something else. 

Such a waste... im pretty sure you'll find other great filipino restaurants in Vegas without having to deal with snobby servers.
I havent eaten much Filipino over the years but I have had enough to I think to give a decent review.  I came to Salo-Salo with high hopes.  It had been recommended by a few Filipino associates and as the proverbial "Gringo" among them, who was I to argue with their opinion?  Well maybe my white boy genetics prevented me from savoring it at the same level they seem to.  While everything at Salo-Salo was tasty, I found each dish did what it had to and nothing more. 

We arrived earlier in the evening and had most of the restaurant to ourselves.  Service was prompt and we sat on their front patio/atrium (its indoors).  I was all prepared to order a San Miguel Beer which is the Filipino national beers, when our waitress informed me of some tragic news: They dont serve alcohol.  I had to recover from this stomach blow and in my confusion I selected a coconut juice drink.  It was fine, but minimal in size and not really the appropriate compliment to what food was going to be forthcoming.  

As for the food, we HAD to order the Chicken Adobo.  Not ordering that is like going to New Orleans and not having a biegnet or Hurricane drink.  We also ordered Palabok, which are noodles topped in a fish gravy and then covered with pork rinds.  Finally, we got some Vegetable Limpia which is a type of spring roll.   The presentation of all the dishes was pleasant but once I dug in, I noticed a common theme..........Salt!!!!!!  Salt is a critical component to all cooking but when I taste it in abundance I feel its the hallmark of a lazy kitchen.  Rather than expertly prepare their array of spices, many kitchens will just add salt to give a dish some flavor.  I kind of felt that was the case here and thats tragic because the chicken was tender and juicy and the noodles were expertly cooked.  The limpia had fresh vegetables but all the sauces that accompanied the dishes was just way to salty.  See why the beer would have come in handy now?

Prices were all very reasonable and the portions were generous.  I feel that Salo-Salo has in it the makings of a fine restaurant, they just need to want to take it to another level.  Then again, the Filipino's I know seem to love it, so why should they change?  Perhaps its this discontinuity why Filipino food has yet to take off and really make it mainstream.  Until that happens, Salo Salo is a fine enough place for this type of ethnic food, but dont expect to see Anthony Bourdain in here anytime soon.

PS- There are 2 locations in Southern California as well.
Salo-Salo Grill is an impressive Filipino restaurant. If you know Filipino cuisine, you know that most dishes take at least an hour to cook and it varies from province to province. In addition, it's not as aesthetically pleasing to eye as other foods. However, the Salo-Salo Grill turned that perception around for me. 

The first thing I noticed was that it was a sit-down restaurant and the ambiance consisted of warm toned walls jeweled with traditional art which stands out from a lot of Filipino restaurants I've been to. Second, the food was served in an appealing manner. I ordered the Laing which is a coconut based soup/stew and light pink/purple in color but it was served in a bowl lined with banana leaves which boosted the aesthetics. Best of all, the food was really good and as good as my mom's cooking if not better. Don't tell her I said that though!

The only con, during our second visit it took about 30 minutes for us to get our food. However, the first time we went there were only two other tables occupied and the second time the whole restaurant was filled and there were a lot of people waiting to be seated.
Highly recommended! Never go wrong with the barbecue platter!
dude! it's like flying to the Philippines real quick and eating with the family minus the shared banana leaves for plates.  

the family is here for the summer and feeding 15 can get incredibly expensive, so family style is definitely the way to go.

the platters are hooked up.  we ordered 3 platters, sinigang, 3 orders of bagoong fried rice, and pancit, and still took enough food home to feed everyone the next day for under 200 bucks.

everything tastes authentic and yummy.. totally brings it all back with  the decor and all. 

like it! will be frequenting it even when the fam goes home!
The food and service was good. I highly recommend the pork skewers and the adobo fried rice. The food price is reasonable. Salo Salo will not break your piggy bank.
It's really one of the only Filipino eateries that isn't "turo turo," meaning that you just point at the foods that you want. It's a small, cozy sit down restaurant. Although, the layout of the restaurant is kind of strange. It's separated into three dining areas - which just makes the place seem smaller than it is. 

Salo-Salo has pretty decent Filipino food - almost up to the level of what you would find in your mother's kitchen. They even offer foods that you can't get at most other turo turo Filipino restaurants, CRISPY PATA !!! They also serve breakfast all day, which is always a plus. Although, i says you get coffee or tea with the breakfast - and I have yet to receive any the few times I've ordered breakfast. The prices are good, especially compared to the amount of food received. Except maybe for their specialty drinks. $2.95 for a very small glass of calamansi juice? C'mon, at least give one refill, especially considering the size of the glass. 

If my review was based on the food alone, I probably would've rated the place higher. But, the service there needs to be worked on. Some nights are better than others, but for the most part - service is very slow. It takes them about the same amount of time to get you your bill, as it takes you to actually eat your meal. 

So, if you're craving Filipino food or even a first timer, this is a great place to go - of course, only if you can put up with the horribly slow service.
One of the few Filipino eateries that has put much thought to is interior atmosphere, showcasing traditional furniture and finish making it feel as if you were actually dining on a Philippine Island restaurant. 

Bulalo Soup: beef shank with bokchoy
- Broth was sorta bland, I felt it was missing something.. the beef on the medium-firm side and bokchoy was decent

Sinigang Soup: tamarind and tomato based broth with vegetables
- Had some sourness to the soup, how it should be. I chose to include Tadyang (pork spareribs) and Liempo (pork belly), both were the stars of the dish!

Chicken Adobo: boneless chicken fillet in sauce

- Terrific flavor, different from what I'm used to yet it was a positive change from my family's home cooking. 

Beefsteak Tagalog: beef slices with gravy and sauteed onions

- Thicker gravy than the typical more watered down sauce, onions were as expected and it had a hint of salty/fishy flavor to it. Not bad, for me it was a new version of this dish 

Melon Juice: fresh cantaloupe strings and juice

- I love chewing on the fruit and sipping on the juice at the same time! 

Calamansi Juice: Filipino lemonade

- Its got tart from a lemon and sweetness from an orange/tangerine. they don't make it from scratch, its concentrated but still citrusly refreshing!

I'm pretty picking when it comes to Filipino Food and Overall the food was Good, value was fair, service was decent and ambiance was warm and homey.
This is one of the few Filipino restaurants I like. This is because (1) my Grandma (my mother's mother was Kapangpangan) was such a great cook; it's hard to find something close, without getting so darn greasy (yuck! like, Goldilocks is on the greasy side) and (2) I am picky with Filipino food to begin with, because I don't eat all kinds of meat/fat/skin which eliminates lots of dishes (I've been cutting the fat off meat since I was a kid). We've gone here several times for lunch, with my family, but it's been a while. 

The ambiance is nice (seeing as the majority of Filipino restraurants are fast food type places or buffets)- did you notice the hut outside the restaurant? Is it still there? Well, the service was generally good, but slow, at times. The staff was pleasant, never rude.
I really like this place, but it is pricier than I would like to pay for Filipino food. My fiance and I usually order:

Beef Tapa
Pork Tocino
Garlic Fried Rice

But I have also had their:

Crispy Pata
Boneless Bangus
Sisig
Pinakbet
Tilapia

The food is quite good. Definitely good on the standard of  home-made filipino food. I may be bias though, since I am Filipino, and can make such food at home for cheaper. But for those who do not cook or have filipino food on a regular basis, this is a good place to go!
Love the all day breakfast.  The pancit has bits of ham/bacon, which you can't go wrong, but an unexpected flavor.  

The kare kare is also good.  Try to save room for the halo halo, which is a meal in itself.
both of my parents are amazing cooks, so i usu. don't go out and eat at filipino restaurants but this place is one of the few that i like along w/ Fiesta Filipina...but yeah, salo salo grill is more of a sit down place. their entrees are delicious and they're good price. they just charge alot for speacialty drinks though w/ no refills, so that's a minus. the place look really cool w/ their filipino decor and they have that bahay kubo hut outside lol
My favorite Filipino restaurant in Vegas, that's all!
Wasn't certain of the different pancit choices and the server was honest that the one we going to order - the Palabok (shrimp sauce and pork rinds - as one of the other reviewers mentioned it) would be pretty dry and his recommendation was the miki-bihon which had two different noodles (egg and rice) with chinese sausage, shrimp and vegetables.  The menu said it would come with fish balls, but it came instead with pork and a half an egg.  

We also ordered the chicken adobo - which the menu read it'd be in a sizzling sauce - but it just came in a bowl.  It was mostly dark meat which I actually prefer but my niece was hoping for more white.  The sauce was very yummy but that's what I expected as I laddled it over my rice :)

The last dish - which ended up being way too much food for three people - was the Relyeno Bangus which is a pan fried whole milkfish which they completed gutted and deboned and mixed the fish with onions and some other ingredients which again was different than what their menu stated - however, incredibly yummy and flavorful.  

I'd love to come back as the restaurant has an open seating area that they can open the windows which would give the feeling of outdoor dining when it's nice out.  We were there in the middle of the day on Saturday and there were tons of people carrying out cater orders which was nice to see.  I'd love to come back with a larger group so we can try more yummy things.

Two things  - didn't expect is this place is a franchise as it seems very family oriented and the prices online are different - and ask the server to leave a pitcher of water (or whatever you're drinking) on the table as we had too many empty glasses too many times.
servings are huge... actually in platters and their menu is so reasonably priced!  great food... comfort food esp. family style =)
Salo Salo is a great Filipino place to eat dinner with friends and family while in Vegas. They have plenty of seating, the restaurant is clean and they have good service and food. They also have good hours. Weeknights they close at 9:30pm and Fridays and weekends at 10:00pm. 

On a recent visit here, I came with a party of four and we ordered: 
kare kare (meat and veggies in peanut butter broth), sinigang soup 
(a sour soup with tamarind and meat), bangus (fried boneless milk fish), crispy pata (fried pork) and turon delight (banana egg rolls with Filipino ice cream). 

At the beginning of the meal, they give free garlic peanuts. This is always good and a nice start to the meal. (There are garlic peanuts for sale if you like the sample that they give). 

The kare kare was one of the first dishes served and I liked the presentation of the kare kare because they put this in a traditional Filipino palayok or clay pot. It comes out nice and hot and the peanut butter broth is perfect for topping off the rice. There was plenty of veggies in this in terms of eggplant and greens. The veggies and the broth is always my favorite for kare kare. I did notice their didn't seem to be a lot of meat in this though. (The veggies for me are the best part anyways). 

The sinigang soup was nice and sour and had a fair share of veggies and tomato. I liked sipping on the warm soup and it was also nice to top this on the rice along with the meat that was inside the soup. The meat they put in this though could have been a little bit leaner. 

The bangus fish they served was huge! I think our party only got through a quarter of the fish! 

The crispy pata was good. It was fried just right and was not to hard. It's good to match this with kare kare or sinigang. I also liked dipping the crispy pata in the vinegar dipping sauce that they provide. 

The turon delight was our dessert. Their turon delight is mini banana egg rolls (maybe about 8?) and then in the middle is some ice cream. The ice cream is a Filipino ice cream flavor - the night when we had it I believe it was jack fruit. This is one nice, sweet Filipino treat. 

I love all the traditional Filipino meals at Salo Salo and I also love how the whole restaurant has a traditional Filipino feel to it. They have decor that is very Filipino - Filipino paintings, wooden seats and tables. It is all prominently Filipino and makes a wonderful ambiance for enjoying a good Filipino meal.
I like that there is a sit down Filipino restaurant that not "buffet style" like you find at most of the Filipino restaurants in the valley. 
 
Among the things I've tried there include:

         Sinigang
o   Not sour enough for my taste and tasted a bit "off" to me.  Still OK and the beef was tender, which I liked.
 
         Kare Kare
o   The kare kare here is really good.  Needs to be served with more meat though!
 
         Palabok
o   Disappointed that this was the kind with the thin noodles.  I prefer the thick kind.
 
         Halo Halo
o   Too watery for me.  Pales in comparison to my fav found at Red Ribbon.
 
Service isn't that really top notch.  I came with my family (there were 5 of us) and I asked to sit and a larger table.  They said no and that it was reserved, but no one sat there the entire time. 
 
My parents rave about the huge platter of meat, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet.  Next time!  They seem to like it there... but in my opinion, there is much better out there for the price. 
 
I appreciate that this is a sit down Filipino place.  Food is just OK from my experience though (but I don't doubt that I'll be back, especially when there's family in town!)
Whatever you do, get the Adobo Fried Rice here.  It was the first time I tried adobo style fried rice and it was good!  Actually, most of the food here was good.  My only exception would probably be the Chicken Adobo which wasn't bad or anything, but it just wasn't as good as other chicken adobo's I've had before.  The portions here are generous and the environment...well, a lot better than most Filipino restaurants outside of a resort in the Philippines.  It's clean here, and a nice sit down and dine restaurant.

We ordered the following:
Chicken Adobo, $7.95, -OK
Miki-Bihon, $7.95, -Good
Ala Carte Lechon Kawali, $8.95, -Excellent
Ox Kare Kare, $10.95, -Good
Adobo Fried Rice, $6.95, -Ridiculously Good

Salo-Salo Grill is a little pricier when you compare it with the Filipino buffets in Vegas, but the food and look of the restaurant make up for it.  Plus, they have a little hut outside, in the parking area, where you can smoke.  How Filipino is that?

Customer service was OK despite the other reviews I read about it being not to good.  I didn't like the fact that the waitress stood next to our table though when she dropped off the check.  She stayed there till we put out the payment, a 'hunny'.  It was annoying!  Someone from my table said it's just the way some of us from certain islands are...I don't know which island she was referring about but it still irritated me nonetheless.
food was good, not great but the service probably could've been a little better, I understand service will not be great at a casual dining restaurant but the food took really long and I felt like they were trying to rush us to get out afterwards...one or the other, either be slow on service and expect us to stay a while or be a quick service restaurant where we are expected to go in and get the hell out.  *I will come back though when craving filipino food though!
Went to Vegas for a family vacation and my uncles were craving Filipino food. We went on a Thursday so It wasn't busy at all. Parking was easy and it was easy to find.

Favorites:
Bagoong fried rice is a must have!
Tapa 
Tocino
Calamari
Melon Juice
Halo-Halo was good also!

The portions are huge. Definitely a family style type of restaurant. Will come back here again someday:)
This place is really good! Definitely go here if you want:

-Quality and DELICIOUS Filipino food (just like from home)
-Friendly service
-A great value

I ordered the Inihaw na Bangus (charbroiled, boneless Milkfish with vinegar and garlic) and it was spot on. Tender, flavorful, and crispy in all the right places, this bangus fulfilled my craving for the traditional dish! And only $7.95!! Try finding another place that sells great seafood dishes under $10!

My boyfriend ordered the Breakfast Combo Platter which was composed of  tocino, tapa and longanisa served with garlic rice and 2 eggs cooked any style you want. For only $8.95!! 

Seriously, stop reading my review and head over there now! I promise you won't be disappointed!

P.S. This was our first time at this restaurant but it certainly won't be our last. =)
If you live here, this is the place you want to take visitors too. Its authentic Filipino food. Its not like any of the other Filipino restaurants in town. Its a sit down restaurant so if you come hungry know you have to wait a little. 

The service is great. When we walk in, I feel like servers and waitresses are singing to us. Hello ma'am, thank you ma'am... I dont mind. I love it! Filipinos always make you feel welcome and are very humble.

OK the good stuff, FOOD. I love their bangus. Only thing I can say is that this and everything else I will talk about in regards to their menu items make my mouth water.

Here is a list of things that I ordered and highly recommend that you try:
Breakfast meat platter- I think thats what it was called. The everything especially the egg plant was BOMB!
garlic fried rice - YUM
sinigang
halo halo
pansit bihon
sigsig
adobo
calamansi juice

Every single one of those items along with platter is something you should try. You cant go wrong.
Came here for lunch with the fams. Food was pretty good. Can't remember what exactly we ate but I know there was BBQ and rice :P
I had this place yesterday Nov 12, 2011 for my first time. I don't know if it was my roots or the Manny fight that got me in the mood for some good ole Filipino food but boy o boy did this place hit every spot that matters!!!  Every flavor and texture was exactly how I'd want it. My only gripe was they brought out the entrees before the steam rice... That's like the cardinal rule u must have the steam rice before the dishes!!! Live it breath it, own it!
I'm rating this place a 4 for now, i will come back and try the other dishes. This is the place where you can have breakfast (filipino style) all day, other place you ask for breakfast they'll get mad at you. Very clean, located in a quiet corner on Twain and Jones. I dont eat Filipino food every day; since i discovered this place, i think will workout well and swing by there when i feel like it. Rice is not healthy, but will reconsider since this place serves really great food!! Till my next return...
My previous experience was great. Breakfast here is so good, what more can you ask they serve it all day. Staff and service is fast and courteous, Ambiance nice place to have a conversation, Food???? Pancit is just ok, I think it needs more flavor, grilled squid very tasty but the chewing is such a battle, Lechon Ribs, this is the reason why we have high cholesterol, high blood pressure, and heart attack, does anybody know about ROASTING it beside frying in batter, it's tender, although you gave me ketsup instead of the Mang Tomas lechon sauce, and last is the Kare-Kare...it's disgusting!!! Did you forgot the peanut butter or whatever for the flavoring, too much cornstarch, very bland..the good thing is the bagoong complements it and lots of veges. Quality control people, you could either hire a new cook or get rid of them.
For a sit down Filipino restaurant I expect better. The food is blah I will only return to try breakfast but other than that I'll stick to my buffet style places or home for Filipino food.
I am so happy there is a Filipino restuarant in my neighborhood.  It is so bomb here!

1 star = super friendly customer service!

2 stars = their platters!  HUGE!  Can feed a table of like 6 people alone!  My friends and I either get the grilled meat platter, or the crispy meat platter.  I definitely prefer the deep fried crispy meat platter with crispy pata, deep fried pork ribs, deep fried chicken, and even their fried plantins.  Yum!

3 stars = for their salty shrimp fried rice (bagoong fried rice).  Best fried rice ever!

4 stars = for their eggplant, salty egg, and tomato salad.  Must have this w/ every bite; seriously.  I love everything in this dish!  Great side dish and pairing to anything on their menu.  A must order!

5 stars= halo! halo! So good on a hot summer day.  You can never go wrong w/ this as a dessert after a good hearty Filipino meal.

I love this place and will always take my friends and family here who visit.  I don't cook, so good thing I can get some good ol' Filipino food in Vegas.  Yum!

Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (45/365).
This place was pretty legit upon getting a recommendation from a Filipino friend of mine who lived in Vegas for 3 years. Just looking at the pictures while boarding our Plane, my mouth was salivating. I really wanted to get their huge platters of food for the 4 of us. It's not too far from the Car rental or Las Vegas trip, merely 4-5 miles. 

Service was prompt/friendly, prices are reasonable and food was delicious. We ordered the Seafood Platter which had grilled squid, bangus, tilapia, mussels and shrimp. For the Meat Platter it had Pork Liempo, Beef BBQ, Chicken BBQ and some Sisig chopped meat. YUM! Oh... we also had some appetizers: Kuya's Fish Balls and Fried Calamari Rings. Next time I go back to Vegas or So-Cal ( apparently they have 3 locations there).

My mom even stated, if we had only ordered one of their huge platters, it still would've been plenty for us 4, as we had lots of meat to go. My uncle and cousin ended up eating those for dinner, so that's an extra savings.
We are locals and reside here in Las Vegas.We had patronized Salo Salo Grill Restaurant in 2 separate times, the first one when they first opened- and the second time an hour before the restaurant closes.
The first visit impressed us with their generous portion of grilled fish, and squid as well as our deep fried meat selections, although they were understaffed at that particular time, it was okay- we were hungry! 
The second time we went was a complete disappointment because there were 2 servers and cook and we ordered several items from the menu and with only like an hour before they closed- the waitress was not smiling and was in a rush taking our orders. 
When our order came- it was not  a generous portion in a large platter but like half that came in. Cost cutting? We weren't finished from our late dinner, and they closed the check, not making it to our dessert yet. After this horrible experience, wherein the waitress wasn't in the best of mood to serve and get rid of us- we never got back anymore and will never recommend this place.

Third visit which was today, April 29,2012- we came back because of a dear friend celebrate his birthday here.

We hate to write a negative but it was worth to do so! So here it goes, even there was a reservation for about 30 people in a 24 hour basis there was no effort on their part to seclude us in a function room to which they are the exclusive caterers. They were slow and have no other events or other customers at 3 pm.
Our group ended up in their usual area seating us in 2 long tables plus 2 regular tables- which was  fine. We are all hungry! 
But with this prior party  arrangement- only about 2-3 of their people were staffed to cook, cater and serve this exclusive event. The guests all had to ask for drinking water because it wasn't done along the course of our meal. It was given after several request and approaching their counter to get it  done! 
The  only one waitress busy was trying to push the sale of sago, gulaman and halo2 at the start the meal. 
The inihaw and the pinakbet was bland. What happened to the real cuisine from way back then?
Where's the friendly and hospitable atmosphere here that we expect as treatment  from our very own kababayans? 
The service was slow ,no smiling and amiable employees fom amongst them at all! There was no interpersonal relation as greeting Happy Birthday to our celebrant friend and assisting them, in the flow of the party, to the lighting of our cake,
The staff  seem so unhappy with their job- we work in the food, hotel and service industry that's how we know the tools of the trade. Give your customers pure, undivided and personalized attention and deliver the goods as expected and you have one happy customer!
There was no welcome and thank you greeting from either of them from start of seating to the departing of the last guest.
It was a complete nightmare in the 2 hour birthday celebration, as regards to our expectation and standards. You need to train your employees to offer more personalized customer service and interaction- to obtain more business and make your customers happy and come back! Because we will not recommend and come back to this place! After all, word of mouth is the strongest and most powerful advertisement ever!
love this place. i came here twice visiting from dallas and it has not disappointed me. a nice place to take your family for some great filipino food (at good costs) and some formal dining experience.
Breakfast heaven all day long!!!  Best food and everything... great service... they make the eggs exactly how it should be.... breakfast comes with hot tea or coffee included.  Great portions and price and quality and taste.  Best experience every time even when it starts to fill up in the restaraunt.  They are well organized... clean and more upscale without the upscale price.  I love it here... I wake up on a weekend morning and this is the first place I think of when I'm hungry for breakfast.  Thank you salo salo for the great cooks and servers... Love it!!!  And I will come again... again... and again!!!
Tip: DO NOT EVEN BOTHER TRYING THIS PLACE! I've heard good reviews about this place so my family and I tried it out. Boy, that was a mistake! My brother and I had a bad case of upset stomach!!! Really bad! Service was so disappointing. We had to wait 30 minutes before our orders were taken. This guy, I don't know if he was the owner, even said to us "at least you guys are sitting while you wait." Really? Then, we had to wait an hour to get our food and when we only ordered four dishes! They charged us extra for some stuff we didn't order, and when we told the waitress she only said sorry! And the food was so BAD! Found strand of hair on the bulalo soup!!! Yuck! Never coming back to this place again! I dont even think this place deserves a star at all.
I've been here plenty of times in the last couple of years and we've never been disappointed. It's probably one of the few Filipino restaurants I like in town. It's close to our house so it makes it more convenient. I've done take outs and dine in and both were good so far. 
My favorite to get is usually the pancit, shanghai fried rice, my husband loves the lechon, BBQ sticks and halo halo for dessert. I'll definitely go back when I'm in need of a Filipino food fix.
Definitely have had better. Their menu isn't that great, and our waitress was an older woman that was very grumpy and was very unaccomodating. It was offensive how quick she was to deny a request and give an attitude because I asked if I could get something else besides lumpia for my entree, since their appitizers are mostly all lumpia. 

The food was average, I just couldn't get over how rude our server was.
I consider Salo Salo Grill as one of my top 3 Filipino restaurants in the West Coast along with Barrio Fiesta (not sure if they're still around) and Fiesta sa Barrio both in Los Angeles.  Since moving to Vegas just this past August, I've been here 4 or 5 times and love, love their Pinakbet, Sinigang na Baka, Inihaw na Bangus, Calamari and I can't believe I would ever say this but their Lechon Kawali here is sooo friggin' good. I am usually not a big fan of the LK because it's all fat but their version here is perfect (if there's such a thing).

Service needs some improvement but then again, service at most Asian restaurants leaves a lot to be desired IMO. You go to an asian restaurant for the food only.
its a typical Filipino Grill...
They were pretty good about "pre-bussing" the table but they did so with a chip on their shoulder as if they couldn't wait to get off work to go gamble their money away in the casino's. Because of this,  our table of 10 did not feel welcome at all. 

The food was "okay" at best.

We came here because of a reference from a friend that the place was good. Boy, were they wrong.
Just went back here again last Saturday as I was craving Pinakbet, the service was awful. Our server took our order, served the food and never checked in on us until we were ready to pay :-(
Came here with a large party for my mom's birthday. We ordered the seafood and barbeque platters along with the garlic fried rice. We were able to try everything and it was all delicious. The servers were extremely friendly and accommodating to our party of 10. We'll definitely be back next next time we're in Vegas.
Mabuhay!

Ever wanted to get adventurous and try other ethic foods, such as Filipino food. Well Salo Salo Grill is a great place to try these kinds of food. Not only will you enjoy a modern native ambiance of the restaurant you will be amazed on how delicious the food is. I would suggest ordering the 3 piece entree.

The day i went we ordered that. For the meats we chose the fried chicken, beefsteak, and bbq pork. All delicious and grilled and fried to perfection.

For the soup we decided to have the sinigang baboy a very common filipino dish, a bit sour but really good.

We also had a side of lumpiang shanghai, i admit it was not the greatest, but all the other good foods made up for it.

For dessert we had the Leche Flan, not the greatest as well you can tell it's been sitting in the fridge.

Overall i give this place a 4 because their food is great overall and the service is great. They always followed up to see if you needed anything and they were on top of the waters like no tomorrow.
I like Salo Salo grill, but this branch is not as good as the location in Artesia, CA.  Everything we tried was fine, but paled in comparison to their restaurant in Artesia.  I do not know what was missing.

Still, I recommend coming here if you want to enjoy good Filipino food in a regular restaurant environment.  Maybe we did not come on a good day and that is why it was not as delicious as what we are accustomed to.
pretty good stuff for Filipino food, I enjoyed it, and the price wasn't too bad either
My sister(who flew from Germany) & I stayed in Vegas for a week long bonding. She's craving for crispy pata so called the resto first to make sure they have if fresh. I was told they're not busy ( it's about 4pm) & it will not take long. So we went, we're the only customers at that time.  

We ordered crispy pata, kare-kare & the seafood platter. It didn't even took 15 minutes for them to serve our orders so what do you expect!

1) The pata was NOT CRISPY and the worst is IT was COLD!!! We could have walked out of there but opted to call the waitress & told her. They haphazardly re-fried it;

2) The seafood platter w/c was supposed to be inihaw or broiled came COLD as well! the shrimps looked like it came from the fridge. All the items that came in the platter looked sadly unappetizing!

3) I had better kare-kare. Theirs was served in a tin can inside a clay pot or palayok! I don't understand that. It was not a good presentation at all.

I was sad because this experience is another explanation of WHY the Filipino food & restaurant for that matter cannot be in the main stream like the Vietnamese or Thai. The Pinoy mentality of "pwede na" has no place in the restaurant business, in my opinion. You need to put your best out there as you are representing the Philippines!

I'm calling the owners/managers of this restaurant to evaluate your menu style & presentation and quality of the dishes. Good luck!

In fairness, I've been to some of your better branches.
theee madre lives next to this joint so i come here pretty often when i'm in town.

beefsteak tagalog - this was just okay for me. it didn't taste like the homemade beefsteak and it was too fatty for me

palabok - tasted totally different then your normal palabok. they added squid to it and was not expecting that (doesn't say in their menu). didn't taste like homemade palabok. i wouldn't order this again. apparently they changed the recipe but i say CHANGE it back!!

chicken adobo - also just okay, it's a lot sweeter than the ones you try at your average filipino party

beef sinigang - the BEST thing here!!! i always get this! especially good during those morning hangovers =] it will cure it i promise!

i want to try the sizzling sisig next time i come out here!
Super late review but this place does get a 4. I loved the food and the service was great, especially since it was for my mom's birthday. Cool place to stop and get some filipino food inVegas.
I was really excited to try out Filipino food in Vegas, but I was left very underwhelmed by this restaurant. The Kare Kare was very bland - I typically only eat the veggies, while my fiance eats the meat. The meat wasn't tender and the portion given was very smaller, especially considering he was the only one eating the meat. The peanut sauce was bland and I had to add a lot of bagoong to get more flavor. The "sizzling" sisig was not sizzling by any definition, it was just kind of sitting there on the plate (the cast iron could easily be touched by hand). The one thing I did like was the chicharon bulaklak appetizer we had and the dipping sauce it came with. I decided to still order Halo-Halo to go since back in SSF I lived close to Max's Restaurant (which has amazing Halo-Halo), but was left disappointed too since I could have had better Halo-Halo at Jollibee. Maybe we just didn't order the right things, but since my staple Filipino favorites were not prepared well, I don't think we'll be coming back.
ANG SARAP!!!

Adobo fried rice, crispy pata, sisig, bbq, halo-halo and even their fresh melon juice = droooooooool. Authentic Filipino food and my family's favorite Filipino restaurant.

I would say the only downside is that it's so packed in the restaurant I feel suffocated. 

p.s.
the little shack you have outside always forces my cousins and I to be subjects of awkward family photos. Stop.
Awww man this place was super underwhelming :( . 

The portions here were very small, ordered sisig and rice and it did not suppress my hunger at all. Left semi-hungry. The food was good, but for the price it was not worth it at all.

Also their service was extremely slow, I came when it was slow and it still took forever for my water to be refilled.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #4

Salo-Salo was actually recommended by Roger T for us to go for our next Halo-Halo Challenge.  I admit, I pulled up Yelp, got on Salo-Salo's website, and did my homework on their Pinoy "Mix-Mix" dessert.  Based on their website, pinipig was in their Halo-Halo. Interesting...I gots to investigate.

We arrived on Father's Day and this place was packed and there was a line.  Since we weren't having any food except Halo-Halo, they seated us right away.  Within 5 minutes, our Halo-Halo's arrived.  Each Halo-Halo cost $4.95 and what a beautiful sight.  First of all, real silverware. Always a bonus for me since it makes mixing this iced treat that much easier with real utensils.  Salo-Salo's Halo-Halo had what I've been looking for all along...real, legit ube.  Ube ice cream, green jelly, red jelly, some coconut, white beans, and flan were also at attendance.  But what was missing was the red beans, pinipig, and lanka. I was still stoked that I got legit ube. Taste wise...pretty damn good. Would be perfect if red beans made it to the party. 

PS:  We didn't have anything else, just their Halo-Halo. Service was fantastic, especially since they were so busy.

Halo-Halo:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ#c0x5cS2wqTguAxEttK-iwg

2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:
Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self
Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ
Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self
Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw
Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg
Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
Contender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
I've been going to Salo-Salo since we moved to Vegas years ago.  They have the same servers from years ago and a few new ones who treat you like they're your Ate (older sister).  They are attentive but they'd leave you alone so you have quality time with your food.

We always get the crispy platter (fried calamari, lechon kawali, fried chicken, crispy pata, fried ribs) and garlic rice.  My personal favorite is their All-Day Breakfast beef tapa.  It comes with your choice of 2 eggs and garlic rice.  Tapa is usually dry and chewy - almost like jerky but they do it differently here.  It's more tender and juicy with a taste of vinegar so you don't have to dip it vinegar - it pairs well with siningag (garlic rice). I don't normally eat rice but I'm a fan of garlic rice.  I wash it all down with either melon juice or calamansi juice.  I end my meal with one of my favorite Filipino desserts - leche flan!  This is different from Mexican flan - the Filipino version is richer and creamier because we use more egg yolks and milk.  A slice of leche flan is swimming in syrup.  I just love this stuff!

This is the type of place where you have to get somebody's attention in order to get seated, place an order, get your bill...that's just how it is.  It's not that they're deliberately trying to ignore you, they just want to leave you alone.  The place is decorated in native Filipino decor.  If you look Asian, they'll talk to you in Filipino!
I've ordered from here for the first time and got kare kare. To be honest, I didnt like the broth it was in. When I gave the lady my card she said she only takes it if the price is more than twenty and offered that I either give her a tip or order something different. A 6 dollar tip for a takeout? NO THANKS. She took it after she realized I had no cash. It wasn't that great but I'm looking for a place with some really good kare kare. Does anyone know of any places?
What I love about Filipino food is that you can pay so little for food but still have so much to take home with you. We ordered adobo rice. It was good, but I think they need to cook the adobo just a tiny bit more. And also the platter. They have a variety of platters to choose from, and very inexpensive at that. The servers were really sweet and nice, but I think they could use a little bit more training. Either that, or maybe it's just because they're like my mom (typical Filipina) and would insist on pairing the right dip/sauce/side for your food... because I had asked for salty eggs & mangoes, but they gave me bagoong instead. Not a fan of bagoong. But it didn't really matter because everything else was really good. There were only two of us, so we ended having to take the rest home.
We come here when I don't feel like cooking Filipino food myself and have a hankering for Crispy Pata or Lechon Kawali.  They know us here.  They always speak to my husband in Tagalog and he answers right back in English. They always know our usual orders.  :)
With the new Update I can finally post this review that I wrote months ago and has been sitting in my Drafts, but as a Note we have been to Salo-Salo Grill a few times before and had lackluster experiences, this last experience in particular had forced me to share it with the rest of you. Mother's Day 2013: When we were sat down they said they Ran Out of Menus...I have Never been to a Restaurant where they Ran out of Menus, and it's not like this place sat Everybody all at the Same time. We waited a good 10 minutes before we even received one. My wife really wanted Filipino Breakfast, well their "All Day Breakfast" was Not Available, however we could still order the Longanisa separately, and then the Garlic Rice, but when we were ordering the Eggs they said they weren't cooking Eggs today, ugh! The Lack of communication is unbelievable in this place, especially one that advertises in their Menu with "All Day Breakfast". It's Freakin' Mother's Day for goodness sakes, Brunch is the Traditional Meal for Mother's Day, WTF?!?! Sadly we don't know any other Filipino Restaurants in Vegas that offer dishes like Log-Silog, Tap-Silog, etc. Things like this make me miss Daly City a lot! If ante does know any places in LV that do, Please let me know! Thanks for reading.
Clean place, good service, but the food quality varies!

I had the Beef Calderetta, it had great potatoes beef was soft sauce delicious!  But during a different visit the quality was not as good and the sauce was a bit oily.  I guess the reviews depends on the chef of the day it seems :)  It's still a great place to sit, relax and eat!
Well it was my mom's birthday and I thought this would be a good place to eat at. 

First off, the waitress are rude. Typical bitchy filipinas. Second, their food is way too expensive for a poor quality. It was gross and tasteless. 

It was such a disappointment going there. I should have picked DT's instead.
One of the few filipino restaurants I will always visit in every las vegas trip. Would have been perfect today if the calamari was not too well done. 

Maybe 5 stars next time.
THIS PLACE BLEW MY MIND!!!

Maybe its because it was my first time eating authentic Filipino food, but this place was delicious. Originally, my idea of Filipino food was greasy pork and horribly cut chicken wings cooked in adobo sauce served in a buffet line. I'm so glad I had dinner with my girlfriend's family here for a real authentic Filipino dinner. The prices are affordable as any other Asian restaurant which is $8 for an entree. 

Our family had prawn sinigang, fried milk fish, spicy coconut chicken, and some sort of BBQ sampler. Let me just begin by saying that nothing is more like comfort food to a filipino than fried fish + sinigang and boy did it hit the spot. Hot sour soup with fish and rice on a cold day really speaks comfort for itself. As a Thai man, I must say I was very pleased with my spicy coconut chicken. It was creamy, mildly spicy and delicious. My only complaint would be small pieces of tendon in my chicken that were not carefully removed during the deboning of the chicken (which is difficult!) Lastly, the BBQ sampler was nicely seasoned and tasted great. We then finished with torron (fried banana) with ice cream. I HIGHLY recommend this dessert because they add this crispy rice to the ice cream which adds a lot of texture to the dessert. You take a bite of fried banana with ice cream and each bite has a great crunch and smooth soft texture on the inside and it is just amazing.

The owner (I assumed) then came out to greet us and made sure the food was okay. There is honestly nothing that shows you care more about the customers than coming and checking on them and I highly appreciate this.

All in all, Salo Salo is not THAT different from good 4-star Asian restaurants, but I'm giving it 5 stars for the following reasons:

1. Currently it has 3.5 stars, which is undeserving of this restaurant.
2. It is currently the only Filipino restaurant I'd ever step foot in.
I think these Flips got it down when it comes to a more fine dining Filipino experience.  Soft music, dim lighting, artful decor, an intimate setting and salted garlic peanuts to wet your appetite.  The food itself was amazing!  I came in with a party of 8, so we ordered the BBQ platter which consisted of BBQ pork and beef piled high under banana leaves.  Salo-Salo is a great place for comfort food with family and friends.  What's missing as far as my concern?  Freshly baked pandisal and magnolia butter as their bread and butter course.

The Must Tries: 
Langunesa w fried eggs
Bagoong Fried Rice
Buko Halo Halo
BBQ Platter
This was my first sit down Filipino restaurant experience, and it was a good one! This place has it all when it comes to Filipino cuisine. Breakfast served all day, really good BBQ and the traditional dishes as well.

My family and I got the family platter, which consisted of the core menu items. Chicken bbq skewers, steak bbq skewers, lechon ribs and pork bbq. The ribs were amazing. Marinated just right, a little sweet and a little tangy, and very moist and tender. The pork was cooked perfectly but could use a little more flavor. The skewers were both amazing.

We also got the sisig, adobo fried rice and pinak bet. The sisig was really good. Very good flavor. And our kids (and my wife and I) looooved the adobo fried rice. 

The service was 10/10. Very helpful and very accommodating. The restaurant is nicely decorated as well.

Overall, we will definitely be coming back here with family and friends.
The food was delicious but the service was sub par. The waitress was in a rush all the time and when she brought the food out, essentially plopped the food down without care and kept walking on. We had to call them over numerous times to ask for things and they almost seemed like we were bothering them.

I was excited to see a sit down Filipino restaurant for the first time  and foodwise it was good. Just a heads up to diners: The dining room closest to the kitchen is subjected to poor kitchen ventilation. When I was here, I left smelling like fried food since the smoke wafted from the kitchen through the service window. 

On a different note, the crispy pata and sisig are winners. Still worth a try as long as you care more about the food than getting a five star dining experience.
I found myself picking up food for my sister on they way over for dinner on Christmas eve. Since traffic was light, I ended up at the restaurant before my scheduled pick-up time. They informed me that it would not be ready early and to come at the scheduled pick-up time...This was fine with me.

I ended up waiting the for over half an hour for my food to be ready. The women barely acknowledging my presence and running around like lost puppies wasting such valuable time did not make this unfortunate circumstance any easier to endure. Lack of training, or lack of brain?? I'll go with all of the above. The food also tasted like garbage.
On December 24th I CAME during my scheduled pick up. I had to wait for an HOUR. I don't care if other people were there but when you call and tell the food is ready during a certain time frame then have it ready for a certain time frame because I lost time to spend with my family because of you. 
   Cashier/Waittresses were slow. There were people there waiting but it wasn't like the line reached the door. So unorganized and let me tell you very rude. I can't speak tagalog but I can understand pretty well. I could hear "What do people expect when they place their order today, It's Christmas Eve this is what they get when they order last minute, etc". Hey let me remind you don't tell us to come over a SCHEDULED pick up time frame and not have our food ready. Perhaps this wouldn't have happened in the first place if you planned right.
   This place has gone down hill. The food I ordered was horrible. Very tasteless and way too greasy. Whoever their buyer is for their food doesn't know what to order. By the way I was going to leave but they called my name and really for a Christmas Eve dinner this was part of the entrees. NEVER coming back.
This place is horrible, I tried it out for three times, the food is never fresh, the service is poor, they serve the food lukewarm, the rice was nearly warm, the BBQ was charred, I ordered the crispy seafood it was dripping in black greasy oils, my gf got the BBQ & the meat was charred, it also smelled like someone was smoking around the food with a cigaret, never going back to this place, Las Vegas needs better Pinoy restaurants, other small Asian restaurants offer a better experience than their counter part so called Filipino restaurant.
The barbecue was pretty good. I liked he seafood pancit. The service was friendly. But it took awhile for the food to be served. They take reservations.
So found this on yelp because I wanted to try other Filipino places. The restaurant is nicely decorated even with the awkward floor plan. our waitress was nice and all but service is non existent. Our food took about 40 mins to come out and all at the same time. Even tho with the sucky service and long wait time. The food was really good and for that alone we will give it another try.
Delicious and truly authentic ala-carte filipino restaurant!! My entire family decided to have dinner there and enjoyed our experience. Staff was attentive, menu selection was plentiful, and food was amazing! Taking all my relatives from the east coast there for sure.
Exceptional Filipino cuisine.  Boneless Bangus was a highlight.  Have the coconut drink, and when you're finished with the liquid, ask the server to have chopped in half to enjoy the coconut flesh.
It should have no star at all. Omg! They are on dirty dining!!! Just recently!'nGrade C for cockroach in the kitchen ( partying) dirty sink with no sanitizer.. food on the floor and mishandling ready to eat food..the owner tried to justify her restaurant but pictures, videos and health district can't go wrong. I eat here a lot, ordered food every so often to feed my family and this is what we see.. Omg! This salo salo grill needs to be shut  down until they fix the problem and sanitize everything. Will never go back and eat here again coz I'll be thinking about the roaches!!not recommending it anymore - and  To think they're food is not the great!! Reputation is very important and cleanliness!!!
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  Service can be inconsistent (sometimes friendly and prompt, sometimes not). Debit cards can't be used for any meals less than $20.

LIKE  All-day breakfast. Close proximity to home. Dishes have a decent taste, price, and size. Pretty large menu selection for a Filipino restaurant.

LOVE  Nothing.
it was alright. the portions got a lil bigger for some dishes.
This was my first time and I'm not coming back.  Pork inihaw was very cold.  If it was truly freshly grilled, it would have been sizzling hot.  Seemed like they grilled a bunch to make some grill marks and heated it in microwave before serving.  It did not even smell grilled and tasted rubbery (like when we microwave meat at home).  Adobo rice was the same, was only heated in microwave.  I don't recommend this place.  Not what I expected for it to be a pop and mom owed restaurant and for it to be a sit-down dining restaurant.  I was very disappointed.
Place pretty good. Wife loves the ambiance, the portion was good for the price... Food came out pretty good except that they burnt half the side of the tilapia... Also, there are two flies around when we were eating lolx
Some of the best Filipino food I've eaten so far. They served us a lot of food and it was expensive but the food and service was good.
I eat this place and the service was horrible. The waitress wasn't a very helpful. She just brings the food and left. Did even ask if you need anythig or not even looking at you she just turned around and left. And also the food wasn't really that good.
In Las Vegas this is the premiere place to be for Pilipino dishes; no turo- turo, no buffet, a la carte entirely. If there is anything regretable about this place it is because one missed out!
My sister in law swear to god this place kills all pilipino food around vegas. She has been here for alot of times now and this is first time coming in here. We already ordered when i found the news hee in yelp. :( it my fault i guess that i didnt check yelp before, I usually believe her when it comes to food. But this recent nrws really knock my appetite to the food. Yet Iam here to tell you that I didnt rate them because of the recent news (roach infestation.) Rather iam writing this rating with the same criteria I have been giving other food places.

We ordered:
Chopsuey
Pancit bihon 
And family set( includes ; bbq pork and chicken, squid, and arellanong bangus.
Rice

Lets start with the chop suey. The vegetables were fresh and the flavor is there when it comes to the chop suey taste that filipino style shouls be but the chicken that came with the chop suey was dried up. So dry that we didnt touch it.
Next the pancit, it was probably the one thing that i ate alot of on the bunch, it taste good, and has all the flavor i want frpm a pancit.
Lastly the big family plate which contains different food, the beef bbq is probably the only thing that was near the taste that is near the standard of pinoy beef bbq. The chicken bbq was we only took 1 bite out of it, 4 sticks remained on the platter. The arellanong bangus was okay, but it tasted not fresh, as well as the squid, which i may add has only the bbq sauce on top of it, and smoked. I would have done better prepartion on it, no to mention , it tasted days old or refrigerated.

Regardless of the ROACH infestation which we saw momenta before we eat, i find this place pricey with foods that are not as highly as other yelpers say.
Maybe my standards of pinoy foods are high, but when a chicken bbq is so messed up that the bbq chicken that I make home made is way better than what you sell, then theres a problem. 

Lastly I would not reccomend anyone to eat here. I dont know if its true but they should have the GRADE C on their door, I may be wrong but its either they have never put it out, or they have been inspected again since January i cant find an update about the roach infestation.

This will be the last time i will eat here, i took a chance to see if the flavor and taste are what the other yelpers said are true, even in the midst of knowing what might be back on that kitchen. Yelpers take this advice, and stay away, not unless you want be another brave sould to try out their kitchens delicacies.
The abience is good filipino finer dining...the food is well preped and served...very good service from Iana...the service was quicker than i expected since it was not busy when we visited...definitely recommend comming here to expect a non-homemade but restaurant quality meal...clean and professionally cooked...i understand that some Filipinos or foreigner that are used to homecooked and street food in Phillipines might comment otherwise, but please remember this is FINER dining restaurant, meaning no charcoal taste and used oil skilet taste...
They have a nice menu until they got broadcast via news with dirty kitchen yikes! I dont think I wanna go here anymore. Gives me goosebumps every time I remembered.
The last time I came here was 5 years ago and I found an ant in my sauce. No apology from anyone and still had to pay for my food. So I tried it again tonight and no joke there was hair in our food. Sent it back and they replaced it, but why would I want to eat the same thing that had hair in it? Again no apology, does this happen all the time there that it just rolls off their backs? 

So I have given it a second try and will never come back.
This has always been the formal dinner destination for my family because of the formal dining setup.

Price: it's definitely one of the more expensive places to get Filipino cuisines. Their higher prices are justified with the fancier looking ambiance. 

Food: I'm Filipino so eating Filipino food is never new.
-Portion is what you expect of a sit-down restaurant, and so it's not excessive. 
-Taste is good but not stellar.
-Quality I would say nothing out of the ordinary.

Service: there's normally a wait time, especially for dinner. The last time I was there with my family they took a good minute to deliver our extra requests. I can't blame 'em though. But definitely could do better

OVERALL: I Say this place is average
Alright, I suppose I should give this restaurant the review it deserves.

I still stand by my word that this place has the best Filipino food I've ever had in my life. With that said, why 4 stars? The past couple days I've came in twice and the service was just not up to par with the food. We waited about half an hour for one thing to finally come out (granted the place was pretty busy for Mother's day), but if the place is ever gonna be that busy, they should hire more chefs. That wasn't the thing that irked me to re-review this restaurant though. Today, my girlfriend was having a huge halo halo craving. We tried Cafe de Cebu, but the halo halo just wasn't as good as Salo Salo's. So we drove the extra half mile to get some real halo halo.

We called in as we were driving so it would be ready as soon as we got there. We only ordered one item too. When I walked in to pay, the waitress said there had to be a minimum $20 for card use ($20 is kind of a lot for a minimum! Especially if you're dining alone). I totally understand this rule and where it comes from, but I just completely did not have cash on me at all. I told them that they can just put an extra charge or whatever that most stores do when you don't reach the minimum. The lady was nice enough to say "it's all right, but next time just remember that we charge a minimum $20." So all was cool until they continued to twist my arm to buy more things after that statement. They were probably half joking, but that can definitely make a customer feel uncomfortable, which it made me feel.

So all in all, this place still has amazing food that will blow your palate away if you've never had Filipino food or even if you have, it's still really good! Service is generally pretty good, but sometimes those waitresses can have their off days.
I was craving beef kaldereta. So I searched up; filipino restaurants. There wasn't much of an option because it was late at night. Salo Salo grill was the only choice I had. Anyways, I walked in, expecting it to be busy but it wasn't. Not too many people. Only three tables were occupied. I did take out and ordered beef kaldereta, buko pandan, honey BBQ and garlic rice. If you order a main course, it doesn't come with rice so you have to pay for rice too. The pictures that you see of buko pandan is no where near close to how much they gave me. It was in a much SMALLER container. The pictures of the menu and prices on here; are not up to date. The prices has gone up. Let's get to the food. Shall we? The beef kaldereta wasn't what I was expecting. It had a different taste to it. I don't know, I can't explain it. I can't really compare real filipino authentic food VS the Americanized philipino food because I was raised in the US my whole life. But I was born in the phillipines. Although my parents and my whole family always cook filipino food. Moving on to the garlic rice; it was a lot. I had better. It didn't have much of a strong flavor for me. I felt like it was a hint of garlic. You can barely even taste it. And as for the honey BBQ goes... It was eh. Will I ever come back? Not sure. After reading the reviews people posted of how this restaurant was given a C on the health dept and dirty dining... Kind of scared me away.
We took time to look for this place,  since we have tried the other location in West Covina.  I am Filipino, but I have to be honest,  this place is way too down the drainage,  no presentation,  the employees  are not well trained,  that by the way act and talk,  will even make feel that the food is not good.  It s not a place to eat and to tell people to try.  Please take  time to do a big change and give pilipino restaurants  a good name.  This stablishment is a big disappointment
This place is horrible. My bf and I went here to eat lunch, we ordered pork tocino and honey bbq chicken. The tocino tasted weird and the garlic fried rice was MUSHY, as if it were spoiled. I took a few bites and then stopped eating. It was the nastiest dish I have ever eaten. I could not believe they would serve people food looking/tasting like that. The honey bbq chicken was okay. The best tasting thing about this place was the ice water. 

P.S. There was a fly going around the restaurant which was quite bothersome.
I ordered several of my favorite Filipino foods and was sorely disappointed.

The adobo fried rice: I get that some people do garlic fried rice and others don't. No points lost on the non-garlic fried rice. Points were lost in the uncooked, undercooked meat. The pork and chicken adobo pieces were raw.

Shrimp Lumpia: uncooked shrimp.

Chicken adobo: uncooked chicken.

Pork adobo: under cooked pork.

Everything I ordered was uncooked or undercooked.

The service was great, the food was not.
For all of you hard core first generation filipinos that grew up on your mom's home cooked meals that you crave and cannot get anywhere unless you decide you want to cook for two hours...come to Nanay Gloria's!  (Mama Gloria's)

This place is a filipino buffet...just the way things are served at my family 'get-togethers';  there is a lot of food, it's always buffet style because we don't limit the food that's given to company...ever, and you cannot stop eating because the food is so good!

Seriously!  The food here is cooked as if I were at my mom's house and I lifted the pot lids to see what was cooking.  My mom always made food from fresh ingredients, never cooked from a recipe.

This next part may sound foreign and yeah, it is. I won't try to explain what these dishes are, just look at the picture! 

At this buffet, there is tinapa, pancit, pakbet, lichon paksiw, sago, and halo-halo.  You may have had to acquire a taste to these dishes to appreciate them, but nonetheless it's worth trying if you've never had filipino food. 

Wow!  I'm having visions of big spoons and forks hung over the dining table with a portrait of the last supper in black velvet texture!

Oh, and never mind the atmosphere - it's a dive and it's great!  You'll get the latest episode of filipino soap operas and can read the latest filipino newspaper that you see the same people in all the time.

$7 all you can eat buffet!  You can also take-out by pints and quarts at very reasonable prices.

Mabuhay!
the food here is delicious and cheap for a buffet.

unfortunately, i had to take off one star.

one star taken off because of the dining arrangement in the restaurant. it is very difficult to get a seat in there on a busy day because it's such a small space. also, if you are with a large group, you might have to end up sitting at separate tables or trying to cram about 6 people on the table in front of the buffet table where the kare kare is.

so even though its the whole seating thing that sucks, i'll still go there for the amazing filipino food and tfc on the tv.
Nanay Gloria's has good Filipino food for a fairly decent price.
It's nice to see a Filipino buffet with the traditional Filipino meals such as kare kare (peanut butter beef stew), longanisa (Filipino sausage), beef steak with onions and lechon (fried pork). For dessert they sometimes will have the Ginataan (a Filipino sweet soup dessert made with coconut milk) Yum! This dessert itself is enough reason on why to go here. For all you health conscious fanatics out there hehe..Nanay Gloria's has added an all you can eat fruit bar too =)

As an added bonus, the people that work here are really nice and friendly.
So I just came home from a weekend in the ever so exciting and mind blowing city of LAS VEGAS.. This past weekend was my "first" time in Vegas. Let me tell you this, I had the worst time ever, worst weekend ever and even bigger headaches. 

After arriving Friday night and all plans going down the gutter and spending ALL night and morning looking for a place to stay (damn MTV VMA's) I finally got some sleep... Woke up at 12pm Saturday and my friends suggested to go to "Nanay Gloria's"...

As soon as I arrived at Nanay Gloria's.. For some reason, all the pain in my head went away... The smell of fresh rice, the tuyo and the ever so delicious longanisa just put me in complete contempt. I felt like I was back at home in my dinning room eating my Mom's home-cooked meal. 

$5.99 for ALL YOU CAN EAT filipino food is a huge bargain.. Not JUST a bargain but a steal.. The food they serve is great quality and straight out of the kitchen. I didn't see any flies around nor any type of bugs.. And usually, going to a filipino or ethnic restaurant you see this. The place was moderately clean even with so many ppl coming in and out. 

The food was delicious... I went into Nanay Gloria's with 11 of my friends and we completely OWNED the place up. 

I highly suggest everyone to go here, especially if your feeling maybe a little home sick and things are going the way you planned it in Vegas, this is the remedy. 

OH!!!!!!!!!!! OMG! I almost forgot, whatever you do, try the Cantaloupe juice drink! I can't even describe its amazing taste, I haven't had that good of a cantaloupe drink ever since i was a little boy with my bowl haircut in Philippines.

Only reason why I didn't give it a 5 star cause of its venue of course, it was a decent venue but I've been to better looking ones.
This is a staple every time I go back to Vegas.  I really enjoy the food and love the prices.  I usually try to go at the tail end of breakfast because they'll start bringing out the lunch trays, and I get the best of both worlds.

The place is small.  The decor is minimal.  It's in a mini-mall (but everything is in a mini-mall in Vegas).  But, again, the food is so good that those things shouldn't matter.

Be warned: make sure you know Filipino food because it'll make the experience that much better.  Don't get me wrong.  You'll still get a good meal if you don't know.  It's just a matter of appreciating what you're getting.

when you have two aces, go all yelp
living in texas, i miss the convenience of great filipino food. there is something comforting about pancit, white rice and lechon. i get my fix every time i visit las vegas at nanay gloria's. my only suggestion is to get there early to get all the good stuff.  also, try the young mango with patis!
Excellent value for the price. Probably the best way to introduce Filipino food to people. The selection is big and the price can't be beat....
A woman at a local car rental place said that this was supposed to be one of the best in town and she was right - it was excellent.

Didn't have time to eat there, so got mongo beans and lechon to go. I'm probably the only person who was eating filipino food at the Valley of Fire State Park that day. It was GOOD. Crispy pork skin goodness. Lots of pork and bittermelon in the mongo. Yummy. It was hard to decide on just 2 things for combo takeout. Everything looked good.

It was full of people eating in groups. A good sign. Wish there was a place like that in Seattle. (Good quality, homemade-style Filipino food and lots of it.) For the price, it can't be beat.
out the three filipino restaurants i've tried in vegas, nanay has to be the best. this place is small, so it can get crowded which was the case when i came here for the lunch buffet.

they offered a large variety of filipino dishes...all freshly made.  loved the baby squid dish and the longinasa (a sweet sausage)...didn't see the lechon as others have mentioned, but will definitely have to go back to try it next time...and also the halo-halo.  the only item i didn't like was the fried plaintain (not part of the buffet)...nothing special

overall, great price for really good food...a keeper
I had a tip from my Filipino friend in San Francisco to go here for some good Flip food.  We found it and tried it.  I am a big fan of Filipino food, even though it can be greasy.  My favorite dishes are sigsig, bistek, and pata.  

Pros:  Buffet style.  Lots of Variety.  Two dishes stood out - the pata and the beef curry dish.  

Cons:  I only liked 2 out of the 10+ dishes I tried.

I guess this is Filipino fast food and connot compare to the likes of Ong Pin in Daly City, CA
Whenever im in Las Vegas watching Manny Pacquaio kicking someones @$$, I always take the time to stop by good ole' Glorias Filipino Fast food, me and Gloria are on a first name basis. $7 all you can eat buffet, who can beat that especially in this terrible economy. Sometimes ill get lucky and theyll have Kari Kari, my favorite Filipino dish. I wish I could find a Pinay in the U.S. that could cook that, I would marry her in a heartbeat. Too bad alot of them born and raised in the U.S. arent into cooking. Anyways, enough about my personal desires. Anyone looking to fill their tummies with good old Nanay style cooking for a reasonable price should definitely go to Nanay Glorias. Its Talagang Sarap

By the way, if anyone knows of a beautiful pinay or latina (im attracted to both) single female, no kids, never been married, outgoing, down to earth, within the age of 30-25 who can cook Kari Kari, please feel free to message me. Okay, Ill stop with the personal ads.
Every dish I tried at Nanay Gloria's was extremely good. Since I tasted just about everything and I do not know names of many of the dishes, I am not going to review each one. Every dish was equally tasty. Everything tastes homemade. YUMMY!!!

I think this place has became my go to restaurant for Filipino food in Las Vegas. I would suggest anyone to give it a try. I promise you will not be disappointed. 

Did I forget to mention? It is a buffet!!! For two people, I paid $15.06. What a deal?!?!

Thank god I found a Filipino restaurant I love!
All dishes are exceptionally good. Very affordable prices. Buffet style with plenty of selections. I used to go here a few times a week, that's how good they are..
Yay! I'm a fan.
I was craving rice and a nice cooked meal after a long night on the Strip.  My friend took us here for lunch and I didn't want to leave. They had TFC on the flat screen. All you can eat for $8!
Another cool thing, my hubby loves sigsig, and my friend called ahead to see of they had it.  They didn't, but they would have it ready for us by the time we arrived!  So awesome.
We tried about 7 different dishes, and about half a cup of the rice I was feening for. Ha!
Buffet is abundant in Las Vegas, but a filipino food buffet?  Well here is one.  It is a hole in the wall, but there is plenty of good food.  There is so much dishes and actually well prepared with good flavors.  It's only 6.99 per person and with all that food it is definitely worth it and a must try.  

I am from California and I am used to the 2 or three item combos.  But this is great especially if for a small price you want to try many dishes you haven't tried before.  You just serve yourself and you pay at the end of your meal.  How great is that?
came here in apr 09 and just now getting around to review this place.  usually when i hit cali or vegas, i go to dj's but my friend recommended going here instead. was a little hesitant at first cuz it was right before dinnertime 4pm, parking lot was empty, and the restaurant had one patron. so my thought was the food was leftover from lunch sitting around and not replenished.  i was definitely won over. the price was good, the food was quite good, and the buffet style AYCE was very, very good.  all my favorites were here mungo, pinakbit, taro leaves in coconut milk, singigang, pusit, and fried tilapia.  dessert they had cut up fruit which i didn't have any cuz i was too darn full! they have other desserts like suman and cassava for purchase.  i will be back nanay Gloria. you can count on it as much as I count on the quality of your tasty entrees!
My first time trying this filipino restaurant in las vegas. HORRIBLE!
i would not come here ever again. The beef mechado was hard, the pancit looked like it has been sitting under the sun and the look on it was soggy and to top it off, didnt have much flavor to it. The Beef Steak was dry and meat was a bit hard, the melon drink had no kind of flavor.
I mean i can go on FOREVER with this place.
Its not an AUTHENTIC FILIPINO restaurant, if that's what you're looking for. You're better off going to Pinoy, Pinay on E. Sahara if this was the case. for $6.99 i guess that's the food that you will be paying for. Not recommended at all!
Great place to eat. Food is awesome especially the bicol express and fried chicken skin..........all you can eat...........heart attack.  A lot to choose from and food is really good. Well worth the 7.99. Will go again when i visit Las vegas again.
Yes another Filipino Food Buffet.
Yes we ate a buffet with food we could have had here at home in SD.
Yes WOWOWEE was on the tv and we watched while we ate.

Yes, I know, why do all that in Vegas?


Don't judge me.






Food was good! You know why? Because they had SISIG!! Spicy too!! YUM!
This review might not make a lot of sense to anyone that knows filipino food, because I was pretty much a lost lamb in here. Actually more like a pretty tall white girl who had no idea what she was eating. 

The buffet for 6.99 is a steal so points there for sure. I tried pretty much everything they had out when I went in for a late lunch. I tried a bright yellow curry looking dish that I thought would be fish but turned out was tripe. It was pretty good. Pretty sure I got the lechon as well...definitely knew I wasn't on a diet at that point. Also some sort of pork stew was really good. 

This spot is like going to grandma's house. Good food and lots of it in a really laid back environment. Will definitely have to return with some filipinos so I can get schooled :)
I enjoy the lumpia and pancit. Each year we have a roasted pig at our Holiday potluck at work. It's always tasty.
Great filipino food at reasonable prices.  I love filipino food and wanted something that reminded me of home a few days ago.  This is a great place to grab some authentic cuisine when you're on the go or in for lunch. The food is, of course, displayed buffet style in the front, and you choose what you want to eat.  

I suggest the fried pork belly and adobo.  They change it up once in awhile, too, so you have to stop in to see what is served for the day.  Overall, the food is great and I love their adobo a lot!

Tip: they sell some filipino snacks on the side if you're looking for sticky rice or those powdery cookies.
There is one thing in life that I love, which are Vintage Fashion, House Music, Yoga, amazing food and especially all you can eat buffets! 

5 Stars to Nanay Gloria for quality & price. It is a small venue and tables are limited and full.  However, Filipinos love to share so Ninongs, Tatay's and Nanay's will share their table with you.

$7 for all you can eat at Nanay Gloria's....Girl vs Food says let's go!!!
When I'm in Vegas, I usually eat what is close by and it's usually a buffet.  There are times when you want to eat something else and this place is it.  Food is awesome, they always refill when it runs out and if you stay long enough, they may put something new in the buffet lineup.  Did I mention this place is C H E A P!  On the strip, you will pay $25 to $30 min right?  I barely spent $10 here.  If you like the best Filipino Buffet in town, go here and don't forget to Yelp it!  Also, get ready for a packed place, it is very small here.
Best Filipino food in Las Vegas!! 
Price is great! Only $6.99 per person and it is all you can eat buffet style!! 
Go there anytime after noon and before 7pm. They are constantly putting out new food! 
The place is small but totally worth the wait!
My favorite dish is the lechon/pork sisig!!
Nanay Gloria's has really turned me on to Filipino food.  Walking into this small buffet style restaurant makes me feel as though I'm in the Pillipines..! It's hot and humid in there and there is a television on the wall streaming either a soap opera or "wow-wow-wee" (a game show).  

Good ol' filipino comfort foods such chicken adobo, sinigang, fried mackerels, and other braised meats and veg.  The look of it all is not so appealing but once you get a taste, there's so much flavor and depth to each dish, not to mention a lot of fatty goodness.  If you're lucky you'll find lechon or sisig, a filipino delicacy of crispy fried pork belly.  

The day to day offerings at Nanay Gloria's varies but that is what makes it exciting. 

Every now and then they will have Ta-ho... a soft tofu desert with brown syrup and black tapioca balls. My favorite..

Nanay Gloria's is what filipino food is all about...
Very small and very busy at lunch time but well worth the wait. I'm a halfie but look white so I get stared at while getting my grub on but I'm used to it.  Delicious!!!
Pssh...I thought the best Filipino Food was in Daly City.  But damn you Las Vegas, Nanay Gloria's serves up some real good food!  Not to mention, it's the only Filipino business I've ever been to where the TV was tuned to Jerry Springer and not TFC/GMA.  Whoa!

Tried out Nanay Gloria's infamous $6.99 buffet and I gotta say, it was so worth it.  They had about 12-14 items on the buffet and what was cool is that if something ran out, which hopefully wasn't your favorite item, they'd put something new on the buffet.  There were a few items I didn't try mostly because I couldn't identify but, the food was super good.

Kare-Kare - If you're lucky enough to get some meat pieces, it's way delicious.
Lechon Kawali - Cholesterol at it's finest.  Cooked perfectly and was crispy.
Pancit - There were two versions of pancit the whole time we were there, the darker version tasted much better.
Caldareta - The beef could've been a little more tender but the sauce was yummy and had the right amount of sweetness.
Afritada - So damn good!!

When we were about done, they brought out the Empanadas which cost extra but if I wasn't full, I would've definitely tried one out.

Here are a few tips before visiting Nanay:
-They work on an honor system.  So, grab a plate near the cashier and serve yourself.  You'll pay when you're done.
-Sodas are in the very back.  Yes, they have Sarsi as well.  Again, you'll pay when you're done.
-It gets crowded and can be a little hard to maneuver around.  So, if Tita Baby elbows you, let her, she's hungry and so are you...so blow it off.
Good food - not as good as my Mom's but it will do.
Visited Nanay Gloria's for the first time two weeks ago and was first surprised at how many different entrees there were to choose from! It's sad to say but I don't know my Filipino dishes aside from the typical ones you see at Filipino family parties and the ones you know by only looking at rather than taste. This was the case the day I was at Nanay Gloria's. I took only the pancit, lechon, and after searched high and low for sisig, since that is almost always to be found at Filipino all-you-can-eats but sadly, I found none.. until one of the very friendly workers behind the counter offered me the last of the sisig. Apparently they keep the sisig in one of those to go containers? Anyway, I was happy and excited to try the sisig since it looked pretty appealing but I was disappointed. My first reaction was why in the world was the sisig chewy and when my dad tasted a piece, he said it was lechon sisig? Idk but that was definitely not my cup of tea. The pancit and actual lechon were so-so. After engaging in some conversation between meals, I noticed one of the workers put out a steaming tray of ginataan. I quickly filled a bowl for each of my family members and myself and I'm pretty sure we all had the same look on our faces after the first spoonful. The ginataan was SO sweet that it did not even taste like ginataan.

Overall, this place is okay - the atmosphere is nothing special and I noticed they had some show on GMA playing on their TV. Sorry Nanay Gloria, your price of $6.99 is good but I've eaten at better Filipino all-you-can-eats and.. I'm team TFC Kapamilya.
Masarap ang lutong ni Nanay Gloria! (Nanay Gloria's cooking is good). 

The food was pretty decent and nicely flavored. We were surprised at the selection- we were expecting to have maybe half the choices offered.

From what I recall there was- 
mungo (mungbean with bittermelon and pork), - pretty okay, but I make it better since mine is very meaty/savory
paksiw baboy (pork slices in a sweet soy sauce), * - BF loved this. Sweet, sticky, but nice flavors. 
ginesang pusit (sauteed squid w/ chilies, and bellpepper), *- I really liked this. Right on with the flavors.
pancit (thin glass noodles),- was okay
 sisig (chopped pork with vinegar, chilies and onion), *- made with the lechon kawali, lots of chilies, added more vinegar for a kick
ginetaang baboy (pork in coconut &shrimp paste sauce), *- this was good. I love coconut milk based dishes
lechon kawali (crispy fried or roasted pork belly), - good, crispy. Like always, big layer of fat, but at least you can pick it off it you're not a fat lover. 
lengua estofada (beef tongue slices in a tomato soy sauce)* - the tongue was really soft, but I like how they kept them in thick slices to keep it juicy inside. The sauce was good, but I scraped a lot off since I like tasting more of the lengua flavor
afritada manok (chicken in a tomato sauce- has bellpepper, potatoes, carrot),- I didn't try
ginisang (squash, shrimps, green beans, bittermelon sautee)- grabbed only some green beans, okay
ginisang ampalaya (bittermelon sauteed with eggs)- didnt try
seafood ginetaang (mixed seafood in coconut milk)- didnt try
diniguan (pork cooked in it's blood and spices)*- pretty decent for the standard style of doing diniguan. I do it in a different style which no restaurant makes and I feel is tons better
palabok (thick rice noodles in a sortve "gravy" sauce)- mushy, didnt like
pork afritada (pork tomato sauce stew- has peas, potatoes, hotdog, bellpeppers)- had a small bite only, decent
Nilaga Baka (beef broth soup with chunks of beef and veggies like bokchoy, cabbage, potato)- didn't have
kaldereta (beef stew)- pretty decent, but a bit more oily than I make it
kare kare (oxtail, tripe, eggplants and green beans in a thick peanut sauce)- no oxtails to be found, way too oily, but the tripe was nice in it.
beef steak (sliced beef and onions in soy sauce)- this was okay...it was straight soy...lacking that signature sauce lemony/soy/beefy flavor 
fried salmon- didnt try
fried bangus/milkfish*- pretty good! my favorite fish and it was fresh. 
pata na paksiw (pork leg/hocks cooked in soy and banana flowers)- didnt try, I dont really like the fatty leg rims
ginetang (warm coconut milk dessert with sweet yams and tapioca)- too full to have dessert
banana que (bananas fried with sugar) - too full to have dessert
fresh fruit bar- watermelon, oranges, pineapple, etc. - looked fresh

The * are some of our favorites. BF really loved the paksiw- tender and nice flavor, I love the lengua the best. 

There are some extras you can buy but we were hella full to grab them. They have chicken empanadas, crispy pata (deep fried pork leg), sweets like polvoron (powdered milk "cookie"), pastillas (chewy milk candies), cashew tarts, tamarind candy, turon (fried banana and jackfruit "eggroll" cooked with a coating of sugar on the wrapper), kuchinta (steamed rice cake), pichi-pichi (rice and cassava cake rolled in grated coconut).  

BTW- they are CASH ONLY. Lucky I had cash today, I normally don't roll with much more than a few bucks for tips and my cards. 

Simply put- compared to the Filipino a-la-carte places nearby, this is better in terms of quality and flavor and freshness (they have decent traffic so it doesn't sit forever). Add in the kicker that you can eat all you want for $7!. Some items were a miss like the palabok was mushy, but most were decent to good, spot on flavors. I can't complain since I can pick and choose what I want to eat and can skip out on the a-ok items and pig on the things I love. 

Yes, there's a bit of fat, a bit of grease, but nothing that you can't scoop out. It's kinda part of the culture...Flipinos enjoy their fat. It's not  really more than say other greasy cuisines like diner food, chinese, soul food, etc.. It's why I don't eat out all the time though is so I can savor these when I do decide to eat something greasy and homey.  I think that's partly why MY mother's food is best to me- she tends to buy only higher end, leaner meats, but cooks with all the love and flavor. I got used to my moms health conscious, yet still flavorful Filipino, but she's no where close so I'll take something 2nd best to moms cooking....specially since I don't cook my own cultures food on a regular at home (for shame, I know and I call myself a "cook"). 

Will definitely be back!
Great price! Especially for those that have gambled away all their money and looking for a lot of food for very cheap. Not walking distance from the strip but close enough where you won't miss the Casinos that much. 

Only $6.99 per person, all you can eat, buffet style. 

They are always changing up their menus so do come back if you enjoy descent Filipino food. I'm not a big fan but it gets the job done.
Want filippino food. This place can serve the whole family... It's all you can eat & there's plenty of selections. Make sure to use a new plate when going back for seconds, they like it that way.
2/2

 Happy Birthday to me !  -=) 
 I went with the family to eat at Nanay Gloria's for breakfast today (I was totally craving Longanisa).  
Longanisa is a filipino sausage that is usually either sweet / spicy.  Nanay Gloria's Longanisa is not spicy at all.  Anyhow, I went at 9 am in the morning.  It wasn't too crowded, so finding a table wasn't a hassle.  This place is small, so on some days it can be real difficult to find a place to sit and eat.  The place also has a Flat Screen hanging with TFC (The Filipino Channel) on.  Here's the deal:

PROS-
* All - you - can - eat brunch for approx. $6.00 (w/o a beverage)
* Good selection of authentic Filipino cuisine
I recommend their Longanisa, Beef Steak, Garlic Fried Rice, & Pancit
* Filipino Channel while you eat
* MangTomas, Jufran, and Vinegar w/ onion @ every table
* Everything tastes just like home !
* Take out option
* Good for the Family

CONS-
* small space w/ uncomfortable seating arrangement
(spacing  between tables suck...I may as well start conversation with the stranger sitting next to me because they can easiily hear everything I say.  I don't think this place would be wheelchair accessible)
* Desserts/Drinks are not included in the AYCE
* They only take cash (No Credit Cards... it's 2011... Hello).

The weird thing about this place is that you pay after you eat... That's rare now-a-days.  I'd give Nanay Gloria's more stars, if it weren't for the minimal (and warm) selection of fruit, the lack of water available (they need to keep an eye on their community water pitchers), and all the other cons that I listed above.  Overall though, if you are looking for quality authentic Filipino dishes for a cheap price, this is the way to go!
Recommended!
This place offers a decent place to get Filipino food on the go. 

It's not the best Filipino food I've had, but for the prices it works for me. 

It's a turo-turo restaurant, meaning they have a buffet of food and you get rice and two sides or similar combos. Selection changes a bit from day to day. I personally prefer actual sit down Filipino restaurants where they have a menu, but sometimes this is just easier. You can also eat there and treat it as a buffet. A great thing if you're looking to get full. 

Oh, but I will say it's my favorite place to get Sisig [it's a spicy crispy pork dish]. They make it oh so good. 

It's a pretty small place and gets pretty busy and crowded. So expect to get friendly with some people.
I stopped by here on a random day off. I didn't realize it was a breakfast buffet. For around $7.50, I had AYCE of the all the Filipino favorites - sinangag, egg, tocino, tuyo, longanisa, etc. There are also non-breakfast items. I pretty much stuck to the breakfast, but I grabbed a bowl or two of some sinigang - warm soup always goes well with Filo brekkie items.

Everything was good. Obviously, since the eggs were pre-cooked and sitting out, they weren't optimal. I was really looking for a "ToSiLog" type of breakfast with a less cooked egg, but this buffet satisfied my craving.

3.5 stars
Sometimes, one feels like eating a home cooked meal which is why I go to Nanay Gloria's once awhile in Las Vegas.  It's not like mom's home cooking but it has some comforts of home.  The expectation of maintaining a healthy diet shouldn't be in your mind when entering this restaurant too.  It is, of course, Filipino cuisine--lots of fried and greasy goodness.  The restaurant is small and serves a buffet style fare for only $7.49.  Seating is pretty cramped and limited so I wouldn't advise on bringing large groups.  Once you find a table get your grub on.  It's Filipino style, first come first served.  The most popular items usually run out, like oxtail, although I did not see it there when I went.  Dig on some of the different types of adobo (way of cooking food in the Philippines), pancits, and some lechon kawali (crispy pork).  Whatever you decide to eat here, don't forget to bring your heart monitor.  The food here is a cardiac arrest waiting to happen.  Don't forget to pay the cashier when you finish your buffet, and please leave a small tip in the tip box.  They do, of course, have to clean up your table's litter.
The place is small, and it gets jammed pack. for the price you pay, you can't beat it. $7.50 AYCE buffet style is really good. Food here is good as well. =) you cant go wrong with any of the items.
This place is only for Filipinos who are too lazy cook for themselves and are willing to eat dirt as long as it is called Filipino. Perhaps I am just white guy spoiled by a Filipina wife who cooks better than anyone on the planet, but I tried only the Nanay Gloria dishes that my wife cooks at home for comparison and I came very close to puking on the table. So, if someone invites you to this restaurant, they are either trying to kill you or prove that they hate you. Run, run fast and far before eating at Nanay Gloria's restaurant.
Yelpers I agree. The format of the buffet line is very confusing. It gets packed in here at certain times. The food is great! I personally cannot cook most of these dishes. I'm not really the best judge for taste. All I know is that the food taste good to me.
I love this place, great food. I wish they have one in San Jose
I saw this place when I was leaving the restaurant next door. I got 2 empanadas to go and they were delish!!

Can't comment on the buffet except that everyone there seemed to be enjoying it. I'll be back to try it.
:)

If you want a crash course in Filipino cuisine here you go.  It's a buffet, it's cheap, and has all the Filipino staples.  The food isn't amazing by any means, but it is definitely an easy one stop shopping if you want to just try everything.  But remember, as my friend always tells me, Filipino food isn't supposed to be fancy, so eat up and enjoy! :)
Carenderia style FIlipino restaurant... Can't beat their buffet of $7 (LUNCH) for yummy Filipino food.. Tables are too near each other, and they accept CASH ONLY but I love their Menudo and Bistek! I love going to this place when craving for fast Filipino food.
Not bad!

For the price this is a great filipino buffet. I felt at home there... but then again, I'm half-filipino. For non pinoys, I wouldn't suggest this restaurant. None of the food is labeled. I didn't know what half of the food was, so I stuck to my favorites. But if you're adventerous and have very 

The food is very homestyle, as most Filipino food is. Very down to earth, and unpretentious. Their pansit is very good, and I loved their sinigang. 

The atmosphere was great, but if you're not filipino, you may feel a little out of place. The value of the fod, however, is unbeatable. About $8 with tax. If you're filipino and want some cheap food, I suggest trying Nanay Gloria's!
Yep, it's a solid 3 star.  I like trying the variety of food...some of the dishes I have never tried before...and will not know how to order in the future...but none of them truly stood out.  There are many filipino restaurants in las vegas, and I feel that they are all better:  DJ Bibingkahan, Ito'y Sariling Atin, and especially Elena's.  There was only fruit for dessert.  The price was reasonable, and the food decent.  I will however go back to Elena's.
Maybe it's my personal taste. Maybe I'm just biased. Maybe I just set high standards for my fellow Filipinos, but if I'm coming here to fork up $7.95 to eat some decent Filipino dishes, I would hope that I could taste some culinary spirit in my taste buds.

 I love the concept of "turo-turo". This means to point and pick your dishes. It reminds me a lot of my Philippine vacations when I was a little girl. I was always so eager to point at all the things I liked. 

Now, I only come here for the sake of my mother. She loves this place, the dishes they offer, and the taste of home. But for me, I feel like this place just doesn't live up to culinary expectations of a really good, home cooked Filipino cuisine. 

The dishes they offer here is a hit or miss for me. Yesterday, it was a miss. A variety of the dishes I picked out were really cold, and have been sitting out for a while. The dishes also started to taste the same as well. I love Tocino, but when I took a bite of the Tocino dish they offered, it was REALLY dry. It had none of that awesome thick burning sweet sauce I love so much. The Pancit Malabon is also my favorite noodle dish. However, there were no pieces of chicken or meat to found. There were no pork grind crumbs, or any hint of green garnish from chopped onion that I hoped for. It was all noodle. My heart was really torn. I really wanted to cry.

My experience here just isn't satisfying for me. Unless they can cook better than my mommy, auntie, grandma, uncle, cousin, friends, and my friends' parents. Then I won't feel like they can provide me anything of monetary value.
The food was ok. Not bad for all you can eat for $7. The restaurant could be cleaner. It wasn't outstanding, but ok. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
I've had better flip food but for $7.49 AYCE and open till 10pm Mon-Fri, how can you complain?

There's a decent selection - maybe 15+ items including sinigang, pancit, chicken adobo, and many of the other traditional specialties.
This is the Filipino buffet my family and I frequent, and for good reason. Most places offer really greasy food and it just looks so unappetizing. Other places also mostly have meat items and my family and I would like to see more variety namely seafood and vegetable dishes. With that said, that's why Nanay Gloria is our favorite place to go (second would be Kusina ni Loraine). 

My only complaint is the limited seating. If you come during busy hours you will most likely not have a seat :(
Okay, it does depend what time you get here. Three stars if you're strolling in here in the evening, and a definite four if you walk in during lunch time.

Went in during an evening to scratch the itch with the homie Akk from Stain Tattoo next door. I get my regular three items whenever I venture into a Filipino restaurant. Sinigang na baboy (pork and veges in a sour tamarind base), Lechon kawali (deep fried pork), and chicharon bulaklak (deep fried pork intestines). 

The sinigang na baboy is up to par. I can't complain. Now since it was in the evening, the sought-after items were down to the last pieces. I'm talking about the lechon kawali and chicharon bulaklak. This can be a good and bad thing all at once. Part of me was glad that there were only pieces left of those two items. I get a few of the kawali and bulaklak. Everything was gone on my first plate. I gets up and tries to get more kawali and bulaklak. All gone for the day. Nick D explains it perfectly in his review. "Cholesterol at its' finest". I swear to God this stuff is bad for you. I liked that they have the secret sauce that makes lechon even more heavenly on every table. Mang Tomas! You my only friend! Their vinegar sauce is one of my favorite sauces between the other Filipino restaurants. Seasoned vinegar with chucks of onions marinating and just waiting to be dunked with unhealthy pieces of chicharon bulaklak. OH MY CHRISTO!!! SUS-MAR-YO-SEP!!! My body was thanking Nanay Gloria's that they were out and was not going to be making anymore the rest of the day.

THEN, I stroll in here one day during lunch. I had two FULL PLATES of the bad stuff. I had to talk myself into just paying and leaving as soon as possible.

Great price for a buffet. Definitely a great place for a cheat day from the gym.
I'd give this Filipino buffet 3.5 stars.  It is better than okay, but I would not say that I am a fan of the place.  We frequent here if the whole family of in-laws are with us.  The price of the buffet is very affordable, and no one complains about the price.  They have many food choices such as pancit, adobo, lechon kawali, etc.  Everything tastes pretty good and fresh.

The place can get very crowded, especially if our family is there.  The seating is a bit crowded.  I recommend coming here if you are on a budget and want to eat some decent filipino food.
Let me start off by saying this place is worth ever penny. 8 bucks for a buffet.

My brother and I haven't had phillipino food for 3 years. We were craving some goat, dinuguan,  and chicken adobo. unfortunately, they didn't have dinuguan, "next time" , they said. That's fine with me, because DAAAAANG was the rest of the food good, everything was "fall-off-the-bone" melt-in-your-mouth tasty. 

When we walked in, we felt at home, as the old fillipina grandmas behind the counter couldn't help but explain all of the great foods they've cooked. 

If you've just finished watching "bizzarre foods with Andrew zimmern" , and you're now craving some of that mouth watering amazingness, sloppy, cartilagous , fatty good stuff, this is the spot. Full of flavor. 

I'm going back. 5 stars.

Edit : went back 2 days later. They had dinuguan. It was delicious.
if you want to give your wallet a rest, this is the place. So many selections of food for a filipino buffet at  lunch. Can't count any longer after 10 fingers  for  less than $ 8. I don't think any one can cook kare-kare, sisig, mechado, dinuguan, lechon, and much more for "$ 8.00"! The food was a-okay, but can't beat anyone in the strip for that price. You have to drive from the strip to get here since this is located at the other side of the freeway. If you are in groups, this is worth the drive. I give this place 3 stars only because i don't eat that much and i think that because it is a buffet, they cook the food in bulk. I don't feel that they cook with their heart.
Bang for your buck!
You can not beat delicious all-you-can-eat Filipino food for $8.  With a rotating menu, you'll never know what you'll get.  The kare-kare is delicious and a favorite of mine.  There is always a pancit served, although a different kind everytime.  With all-you-can-eat, try a bit of everything.  They have expanded their space to allow for bigger crowds.
My family came to visit me from Hawaii during the hottest week of June 2013. During their stay I took them to Nanay Gloria's for late lunch.  From other reviewers description of the possible wait for a table, we were lucky that it wasn't crowded at all. 

You seat yourself.  There is no instructions from the staff to what to do - no signs, either.  So, don't expect a greeter.  I think there should be one, though!  In any case, Thank goodness for reading the reviews here on yelp - so, I told my family just pick a table and start filling your plate.   For water there is a water cooler and ice bucket with plastic cups off to the corner.  If you want regular drinks, ask the busboy that comes around cleaning the tables.  

The restaurant is pretty clean - we noticed that it took a bit for the bus boy to clean the tables from previous customers.  Otherwise,  the dining area is relatively clean AND the buffet area is VERy VERY clean.  There are signs throughout the buffet area starting from the plate sections of the health rules:  basically, do not come up to buffet table with your used plates.  Must get new plates and bowls.  I was relieved that they at least had these signs.  

They have large plates (for starches) and small bowls to put your other entrees - initially, we just piled it on our plates.  Only, when we saw what other new customers were doing on loading their plates:  large plates for starches and small bowls for other foods.  Theres no rules But I thought I would mention it here.  :)

The food was pretty good - a large variety.  I guess you never know what will be served.  We all enjoyed it.  We especially loved the pancit.  Very simple yet yummy.  We all tried everything.  It was all good and tasty Filipino dishes.  I liked the fried smelt - or, dilis.  so - good!  My aunt liked the beef stew (Nilagang baka).   The dinuguan was good - no grit.  There was a lot to choose from!

However, the dessert is priced separately.  We didn't try any of it but the turon and cascaron looked yum.  I  noticed a customer got some and looked happy eating it.  

In the back of the restaurant - there is a little grocery area where you can buy ingredients for a meal or buy crackers and candies from the Phillipines like polvoron.  So, check out the back for more.

My only real negative was that the air conditioned was not on full.  It felt humid in there.  Outside was literally 113 degrees and we had hoped to cool in a restaurant but we were disappointed.  It was not cool at all!!   They were stingy on the air-conditioning!  The staff behind the buffet didn't smile at all.  We didn't feel welcomed.  Even when we paid, there was no smile.  We were 4 filipino women just wanting to eat - nothing strange about us.  So, don't expect a friendly staff.  

In any case, I would come here again - maybe cooler climate. LOL   :)
I give it a 3 1/2 stars.

My Pilipino Peeps say Nanay Gloria's is great!  "Hoi nakong, you will bee pull!  Da beep-stek is delicious!" I was told by an older patron, which I think thought I was one of her relatives.  Oh well, we do what we do!  Be respectful and tell nanay 'salamat'.  

Nanay Gloria's is a Filipino eatery, they do either choices with rice and soup, or you can go for the gusto and do the all-you-can-eat-especially-if-you-love-pork option for about $7.50.  Do the buffet folks!  It's worth it if you have the time and are familiar with a lot of the dishes offered.  Which day to day will differ, but it's a good thing especially if you don't mind change.  

We manage to always miss breakfast at Nanay Gloria's.  Some say it is probably the best meal they serve.  Rice, eggs, tocino, tomatoes, sweet longanisa (oh how I relish those potent loganisa burps), what's not to like?  And for a buffet?  Even better!  And with the breakfast buffet usually the lunch items are already mixed in there as well.  Brunch if you will.  All for the same price!  If you're gonna go, go BIG I say.

We usually get here for lunch and there's often a crowd.  It can get busy between late breakfast and early lunch.  Seating is pretty limited, but at least there is a dining area on the opposite side of the buffet line.  But be aware when you go to Nanay Gloria's, the rooms are warm!  Even with the AC on I was still sweatin' a bit.  I don't know if they are just trying to save money by keeping the thermostat at the 80s or folks working there want to feel like they are back home in the islands...hot and humid!  Bring a fan to cool yourself down just in case.  

The food?  Overall not bad.  Everything there goes lovely with white rice (which they server plenty of).  If you're into the carb and gluten-free life proceed with caution.  Hell, if you're watching your cholesterol proceed with caution!  Nanay Gloria's is some down home, stick-to-your-ribs food, and is often sitting in 'juice'...aka 'grease'...aka 'fat=flavor'.  Don't nobody be draining the fat!  Bastos!

I like my crispy pata.  I like my bistek.  I like my adobo.  I like my bangus.  I like my sinigang.  I like it all over my rice.  Trust me, there are a number of pork dishes available at Nanay Gloria's, but I stick with my basic favorites.  Just hook me up a plate of food with a side of vinegar and garlic for dipping, some jufran, and a bottle of all-purpose sauce...and I'm set.  Let the battle begin!  

We literally cannot go there more than once every couple of months.  It just takes a lot out of you!  Cholesterol and salt content must be monitored!  And extra runs on the treadmill help too.  But oh do I like the food.

So the next time you want some pretty authentic Filipino food and you're on a budget, hit up Nanay Gloria's.  You will be greeted with a smile and and empty plate.  Fill that sucker up!
My wife is Filipino and we enjoy good filipino food. We came here because we saw there was a buffet. When we walked in we were not greeted. We grabbed our plates and started getting food from the buffet. We sat down to eat. The adobo was bland and the beef steak was tough. My wife and I both swelled up after eating. MSG maybe.......All I can say is this place is ass backwards. Eat first buffet then pay. No greeting at all. Serve yourself canned soda. Thumbs down!
Cheap Filipino buffet and lots of food to choose from.
Visiting from the bay and our friend highly recommend us to come here and try it and so we did. The food was good but some of the meat was hard. But what disappointed me was the service. I just wishes they were more friendlier and nicer. But other than that it was good.
A little bit crowded for such a small place especially Sunday. Your Typical filipino food served here from adobo to bistek.  They have longanisa and eggs in the morning.. Cheap and the food is good..
Came to Vegas, craved some filipino food and thanks to yelpers we gave this place a try. We ordered to go and was happy to see a wide variety of choices. I also liked how there was a little of everything versus a whole pot of something that's sat the whole day heating. 
We chose lechon sisig, the pancit, menudo and adobo. Service was fine and we were happy with the price. Two items for about 6.50!! That's pretty good. 
The food taste wonderful. The sisig a bit spicy but the taste didn't disappoint. Everything else we got was good too and had the traditional filipino flavors. 
Glad this place didn't disappoint and was the usual fast food buffet I've seen in LA and in Diego.
Great food, cheap prices and a clean place to eat.  Will be back!
I love going here for breakfast and lunch, mostly breakfast . Their longanisa is the best, along with the tocino. I was kind of flustered by the "cash only" part. They were nice enough to let me drive off and grab some cash. It's an overall good place for cheap eats. I seriously recommend breakfast. It's the best.
For $7.49, I had to give this place 4 stars for good authentic Filipino food and great value. There were over 20 buffet items to chose from. Our whole group consisted of 9 people and Nanay Gloria's was able to accommodate with plenty more available seating. This place is comparable to the Filipino all-you-can-eat joints in San Diego, if not better. If you need to satisfy that sweet tooth, they have desserts here than can be purchased separately. This will definitely be one of the spots we hit up when we come back to Vegas from Cali.
The food is awesome, but they do not accept debit/credit cards. It is 2014. Get a machine and I'll come back. Until then, I'll find another mom and pop Filipino restaurant that will accept them. It maybe a petty thing, but not everyone carries cash. Y'all need to get with the program.
I am Filipino. Born and bred. I know Filipino food. This is mediocre. I guess for a cheap Flip food to satisfy a craving then perhaps this is a place you can try.

The location is good.. Not tucked away in some far off street. It's right by China Town. Which is good.

The staff are not as friendly. They didn't even make eye-contact when I was asking questions. And we are Filipinos and supposedly hospitable. But then again, I guess that's not what I paid for either.

Then there's the food.. It's not bad per se. But it's also not great. Like I said, it's mediocre. I don't know how else to put it. Nothing stands out. I'm unimpressed I should say.

But for $7.99 it should do I guess.
Lower your expectations. This place ain't gourmet.

Hit this joint up for breakfast cuz that's when everything is freshest. Come later and you're gurranteed not-so-fresh items.
Wanna go to a buffet? Craving Filipino food? On a budget? If you said yes to almost all three, then Nanay G's is the place for you! On the way home to California we stopped to have breakfast here and there was a pretty good selection!  $7.95 for AYCE. They also have a bunch of snacks and drinks just like a Filipino store! That impressed me so much!

So, for service they're just alright... But the food was pretty good. It wasn't extravagant, but it was good! My favorite was the fried "bulaklak", the chicken, and the dinuguan. Prepare yourself to get oiled out because everything is basically oily. It's Filipino food, go figure!
Some of the tables are sticky and dirty. Make sure bring cash coz they don't take credit cards.
Like what another person mentioned, lower your expectation... or don't have one. I'm straight up all about Filipino food and my standards are not high, my wife can vouch for it. The price is CHEAP, but the food was okay and don't expect a casual dining experience.
I was looking forward to going to this place because of what heard, but I think we went to the wrong place...I think we should have gone to the other place. to make this worse, I just came off a flight and was starving.
if you've been to a "hole in the wall" kind of place, this is close to it. They have a decent variety of food, but we had to pay for an order of lumpia...it was not part of the buffet. 
If you want drinks other than water, you need to get it from the fridge near the register and the shelve of snacks.
-buffet
-the guy behind the counter was sooo filipino "corny"
-they did not have much dessert selections but fruit, come on now we are KNOWN for dessert
-the bathroom was big and clean
-a lot of drink choices
-they did not have any ice cream scoops either
-the little grocery store to the side was somewhat dark and possibly closed
-ate the beef steak and onions (i love me some onions) that was swimming in grease
-we are known for grease
-food was tastey but had better
-no sinigang, boooooooo
=RICE FRIED WITH SHRIMP PASTE IS WORTH THE HYPERTESION
For a $6.99 Filipino buffet, this place is pretty good. But I have to mark down a star because they kept running out of food! No more halo-halo, no more lechon kawali, no more sago gulaman, no more egado for the rest of the day, and it was only 2pm! And there were no plans to make more. So sad! Otherwise, pretty good, especially for the price you pay. So the lesson is to go early!
i came here with high expectation seeing that my cousins, that have only been in the states for about 4 years, told me about how much more better it is than Pinoy Pinay and all the other chains.

This place gets 3.5 stars! I mean really. A Filipino buffet for $6.99. You cannot beat that with a bat. With an array of selections, it was hard to just pick here and there. My only gripes of this place is the food is a little oily and the rice was a little mushy. Maybe they just put too much oil and water...hahah. Pretty much from there, you get what you pay for. I had everything from the pancit to the beef steak. Pretty tasty food, not too bland, but then again it is what it is. Don't come here expecting you are gonna get GREAT home cooking. You will get what your $6.99 pays for. Have I made my point clear yet? 

Would I come back? Maybe if I was really hung over and I can't find a PHO place that looks decent around the STRIP.
Aww....we ended up at the wrong Nanay Gloria's. I thought they'd be the same, but my boyfriend is convinced the other location is better and homeier.  They had a ton of choices, except no lechon or lumpia :( We got there at 4pm and there were still quite a few people there, so they're continually refilling the buffet.
I was going to hit up the Rio World Carnival Buffet but decided to venture out a bit. Ok, so I spent way too much money in Vegas already so my purse strings started to tighten up a bit. You can't beat $6.99...well you can at $5.99, but I couldn't find a place for that price so here I went. Nanay Gloria's is a total hole-in-the-wall kind of joint. When you're eating you feel like you were at a relatives house. 

The food was good. Extremely greasy, but good. I've always considered Filipino food to be the Mexican food of Asia. Greasy and always makes you want to take a nap afterward. There were many dishes I've never had before, but luckily I had a couple of my good friends who are Filipino help me out in describing to me what I was eating. 

With each crispy-fatty bite I felt my taste buds heightened to a new level. The food was actually good! The lechon had crack sprinkled on top which is the reason I couldn't stop eating it. I tried not to fill up on too much rice so I could try everything else. There were 2 different types of curries. I'm sorry I don't know the proper names, but one was pork and the other beef. Both well seasoned and tasty.

The healthiest thing I consumed while during my Filipino cuisine were probably the 2 cans of Coke. $1 for each can I may add. So my buffet meal came out to under $10. Not bad right? Would I come here again? Sure I would, but first I'd have to have an angioplasty to clean out my arteries from the first time I came.

Nanay Gloria should really consider expanding this place just because it was a little too crowded at times with all the people coming in for take-out orders as well. I said so many "excuse me's" that the phrase lost all meaning!
For Filipino buffet, this place gave us a great first impression.  But after a few more visits, we noticed that the quality of some of their dishes were just average.

One star goes to a pretty good selection of authentic dishes for only $7.  There's about 25 dishes that include Pancit, Chicken Tinola, Lechon Kawali, Laing, Kare Kare, and Crispy Bangus.  The standouts were their Sinagang na Salmon, Adobo with skinless chicken/pork, and their colorful and spicy sisig with bell peppers and crispy pork skin.  
But don't expect to see a large dessert selection in this buffet.  Only Ginitaan and some fruit were available during our visits.

I'll give them another star for having Mang Tomas (A popular Filipino all-purpose sauce used for lechon and other roasts) and Jufran banana sauce available at EVERY TABLE.  Speaking of tables, this place is cleaner than most other Filipino buffet joints I've been to.  

Their unlimited Fried Chicken SKIN (another standout buffet dish) deserves one star by itself.  Where else would you find hoards of crispy chicken skin?  Sadly, or not, I can eat this crunchy goodness like popcorn.  It's not good for you, but hell....whatever happens in Vegas.....right?
All I can say is you get what you pay for and for around $7 I got a lot. All the times I've been to Vegas, I've never ventured off the strip but thanks to some kababayans, they recommended this place after a couple of days of overpriced food options elsewhere. 

They had a lot of different options, but I chose the ones I was more familiar with like pancit, fried chicken, kare kare (my fav, but my mom's is still the best!), sinigang, and lots and LOTS of sisig. I know it wasn't the most healthy choice, but this is Vegas and I would pay the $7 just to eat a plate of sisig. 

I took my Vietnamese friend here and even he had more than 3 plates of food. Along with the halo-halo, I would say my $7 was well spent. I will definitely be coming back next time I'm in the city. 

If you're looking for a five star restaurant, go spend $30-$75 somewhere else.
AYCE Filipino food! If you're in the mood to have some decent, not-so-greasy Filipino food (DJ Bibingkahan diss) with no limit, go here!

It's your average Filipino taste, nothin really like your moms or dads of course but it does the job.  They have fruits for dessert and they always have ginitaan (sweet rice porridge with coconut milk) which is my favorite here.  If you don't like the taste of any of the choices, put it on your plate anyway an use the All-Purpose sauce they have at every table called Mang Thomas!  Thats right ALL-PURPOSE!  Food don't taste right? Mang Thomas. Ran out of banana catsup? Mang Thomas. Need a little lube? Mang Thomas. Thirsty? Mang Thomas!! Need an oil change? Mang Thomas!!! NEED WORLD PEACE?! MANG THOMAS!!!!!
For a starving filipino whos craving for some filipino food this is the place they have it all there spread is awsome wit all the filipino favorites i first fell in love with this place 3yrs ago an they still got it goin on
Last time I went there the food is very bad.  Fried chicken was head and dry, sinigang na isda has lots of Bones the fish is not fresh, most of the food are cold the shrimp or meat that they put in the dish is very frugal never will I go back there again.  Sorry!
-First Filipino buffet i have encountered
-Should offer more deserts
-The only thing i ate was the sinigang and the sisig, and it was delish
- The other things on the menu, not so great.
-Not bad for a filipino buffet.
My family and friends went here after a  long stroll in the strip....coz we have been eating Nanay glorias in LA. and its good there we just couldnt pass this on...and honestly we are not dissapointed..Personally food was just right according my taste buds :D....we will definetely come back here and eat some more of the goodies...it just could have more desserts and more fruits :)..other than that we loved it. and recommend it for ayone who craves for pinoy food.
My husband and I were in Vegas in November 2011 to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary and were searching for Asian food. When I found this place, I thought, perfect, there's a Filipino place nearby.

I was disappointed. Service was very nice, but very slow. I was 3rd in line and only ordered empanadas but had to wait in line to pay for half an hour - seriously - my husband made sure I knew how long it took. Granted it was not completely their fault since the people in front of me were ordering for their families and seemed to keep changing their orders, but then there should be a re-evaluation of their ordering system. Just have a separate express line for people picking up small ready made items like drinks, chips, etc. instead of the one cafeteria-style line. After eating my empanadas, sadly it was not worth the wait.
Everything here is close to my mama's cooking. Maybe that's why they put the word "Nanay" in the name of the restaurant.  Nanay means mother btw.

Best value in Las Vegas for Filipino food. Forget Goldilocks, forget DJ Bibingkahan, and forget Pinoy Pinay. Nanay Gloria's is the place to be! $7.99 for AYCE Filipino food. Be careful tho, eating too much here will catch you in a food coma quick! I always get the salmon sinigang. TOO BOMB!!! 

For dessert, try the warm ginitaan. It's the white soupy looking dish.
I really want to impress on readers how this restaurant has gone downhill within the last couple of years.  Nanay Gloria's on Maryland Parkway used to be a good deal for your dollar, but things have changed, and I feel, it's to save money as much as possible.  Firstly, if you have children between the ages of 1-3 years old, they will be charged.  It doesn't sound like a lot--$1.99, but more respectable buffet eateries don't usually subscribe to such practices.  Still, they didn't use to do this.  Secondly, they've gotten rid of trays.  Yes, trays.  This is a cafeteria style buffet line, and you are expected to fill your plate and carry it to your table by hand.  That means multiple trips back to get water and your silverware.  God forbid that you happen to be carrying soup...and with a kid in tow.  Talk about an accident waiting to happen.  I honestly feel they got rid of the trays to discourage customers from filling their plates.  I actually asked them why they got rid of them, and no one could give me a decent answer.  But, trays are just practical at any eatery, and I strongly condemn this restaurant for  getting rid of them.  I've always liked their kare-kare (ox-tail and tripe in a peanuty broth) which is always complemented by a sauteed shrimp paste (known as ginisang bagoong).  I remember how I used to love their sauteed shrimp paste.  Now, it tastes as if the shrimp paste is coming straight from the jar without being sauteed.  The pancit was left wanting, as it was more noodle than anything.  There were big chunks of the "rootier" parts of the cabbage--not the leafy part, and it left the dish tasting too bitter.   Their curried chicken at the time I dined there, had veggies that were undercooked, and I happened to scoop up the chicken's neckbone, which, in my opinion, wasn't going to do a ravenous diner any favors.  Do they expect that I'll be sucking on a length of neckbone just to lap up the last bits of curry?  If they want to add it for flavoring, they should remove it prior to serving.  The dessert items are very limited.  They always have a hot dessert on the food line, but the selection of fruits and other sweets were very limited.  Trying to sit down to a clean table was almost impossible.  Even the cleanest table that we were at felt sticky to the touch.  They need to not only remove dishes, but they need to really wipe down their tables (and chairs) better.  In all, I think Nanay Gloria's likes to rely on the reputation it had in the past.  As a local here, I can honestly say that customers are better off eating elsewhere.  I am no longer impressed.
I have tasted better Filipino food.
Coming from the bay area this place pretty much rocks in terms of value and overall variety... We came here 10am on a Friday and food was of course piping hot. Sisig seems to be the best dish and the hot ginataan mais was a nice treat.
Staff was nice but as for the food, not so much. Fried rice is really dry, the dessert is an assortment of fruits, and by the time I wanted to get dessert, everything was gone and was not replenished. The free water was not refilled, but the ice bucket was over flowing. 
You have to pay before eating which I found kind of strange for a sit down restaurant.
If your craving for some flip food this is the place to go. It's also cheap 7.99 per person on the buffet. It's the closest you can get to home cook food. 

Space is pretty decent because they have an extension so you do not need to worry about not sitting at all. 

Parking is pretty ample so you would have to worry about your car getting scratch.
For $7.99 per person. I really didn't expect much. I spent $10 for a slice of mediocre pizza at the strip. (I was THAT hungry)

3:00 pm bf decides that he's hungry. Friends were dining at buffet and forgot to invite us lol. Most buffets on the strip close 2:00pm for lunch.

So we caved in. It was a pleasant surprise. The place was simple but clean, nothing too fancy. There was a TV playing the Filipino channel. Bathroom was clean (thank goodness)

Sinigang was yummy. Wasn't shy of sampalok (tamarind)
Rice was cooked well (not too dry or soggy)
Pancit was well seasoned with salt and black pepper and had slices of veggies and pork here and there
Pinakbet was spot on 
Bulalo lacked a bit of flavor but still good enough, you can count the bone marrow in the tray most of it were veggies and broth.
Chicharon was a bit chewy but nothing too bad

for dessert they had a fruit tray, I settled for the watermelon. And it was fresh and sweet. def refreshing for the hot weather last weekend

Again for 7.99 you get your money's worth. Better than the $10 pizza slice I paid for.
Strictly comparing the food at other Filipino restaurants I give this place a 2.5. No "blood" stew included in the buffet while the other Glorias locations do. Overall food quality/authenticity is OK at best.
All you can eat filipino food buffet. Delicious, affordable, friendly environment, TFC shows on TV screen =)
Their phone kept ringing and ringing and no one's answering their phone! Its been two days now! In order to value your customers, you have to pay attention to your callers too!
No tissues on the tables. No trays. Dirty place.
This place is cheaper than the "Ito'y sariling atin" store. That is a big plus for me. There aren't a lot of people and the place isn't really decorated but hell, the place is cheap. That's all I care about.  We had to-go because we were ready to go back to our hotel. The woman that put our food together I think was rather tired that day so she made a mistake by putting the wrong kind of soup in our to-go box.  Oh well. I'm not really picky. The food was average and cheap. That's really all I care about.
We pre-order a whole lechon for my mom's 85th birthday bash and deposited $100 cash  two weeks in advanced. When its time for pick up on jan 4, 2014 sat.  The employee from nanay gloria  has no clue whats going on and did not even attempted to remedy the situation. It's good thing we kept the reciept and got back our money. The bad part is my mom is expecting a huge crowd approximately  50 people , some of them from out of town.  We have to scramble  our resources to accomodate our guest. Nanay gloria  employee  did nothing to help us out, no explanation how they lost our lechon . Very unprofessional and uncompassionate !!! Kabalen pa naman! :(
I visit this place earlier as Im craving for filipino dish...It is an affordable place I paid $ 22.44 for 2 persons and they charge $1 extra because I used my debit card. I didn't argue with the extra charge but still its not usual.. 

The place was not at its best not too clean.
The food was ok nothing special the taste was so.. So...the dessert uhmmm dont like it! I've been to couple of buffets here and I can say that this place is ok but not recommendable.
Do NOT eat here!!!!! got empanadas and they were SPOILED, SLIMY, GROSS!!! I was so upset, drove back and got my refund!!!! I know they re-use left overs. I will never EVER go back!!! You've been WARNED!!!!
If you like Filipino food you should try this place.  I ate here several times while I was in Chandler. There are so many dishes that are good here and I don't even know the names of most of them.  What I did, once I saw how it was, was to go in after 6pm when they put almost everything on half price to move it out before they close and I just pointed to about 4 or 5 dishes like I was going thru a buffet line and get the smallest container of each item (except the pancit which I really love and get a bigger size of) and took it all home and eat it for the next 3 or 4 meals.  The chicken and pork were both good.  This is not low-calorie stuff so be forewarned it will fill you up!
Being Filipino and having moved to Gilbert last year from Southern California, one of my first objectives was to find a Filipino food restaurant here in the valley. I found Lumpia Factory by accident by just exploring around Chandler one day. I found enough of the things I grew up eating (pancit, lumpia and adobo) and also tried some dishes that I heard about but never tried (menudo, which is way different than the mexican offering and apritada). It still isn't like what mom used to make, but what restaurant really does that. In a pinch, Lumpia Factory takes care of that craving I get for "home cooking".
I drove past this place quite a few times, making a mental note of it but didn't venture to go inside until a few months ago. The guy who typically works there is mostly friendly though he takes a little while to warm up to you. The ladies who work there usually can't take their eyes off of the tv long enough to actually look at you, but oh well.  Previous to going here, I hadn't had much exposure to Filipino food. Most of it is pretty good, though there are a few dishes that weren't quite what I expected. Overall, the dishes seem to be a little on the oily side...I'm not sure if this is typical of Filipino food or if its just this place. My favorite thing about this place is the lumpia, which at 4 for $1 are a pretty good deal. Surprisingly, their sweet and sour sauce is amazing. Also, on weekends they have this roast pork that is freaking amazing. 

All in all, its worth trying it out at least. Make sure you bring cash though, because they dont take plastic.
I used to be a frequent visitor here when this venue first opened somewhere around 2005, and Shirley was the cook/manager.  She initially started this Filipino eggroll (lumpia) catering business with a partner who decided to move on and leave Shirley to her own devices.  She expanded her business to include a few popular items she'd freshly prepare, rather than serve it buffet-style.  This ensured that the food was low in fat, but high in flavor!  I remember buying fresh pan de sal and baked chicken empanadas.  How I do miss Shirley and her way of doing business.

The new owners (as of 2006), a husband and wife team, do serve tasty dishes.  At least they used to.  It's been over a year since I've last eaten there.  Do go as early in the day as possible to be sure to get the freshest meals.  If you are looking for bargains, do visit before they close, but keep in mind that many items may already be overcooked from sitting under heating lamps/over heating elements.  The meals here are very greasy, but that's pretty much standard about meals served buffet-style (the fat keeps the food from burning).  I used to enjoy the afritada, menudo, and Bicol express.  The lumpia is pretty good, but only if very fresh (that may be more of a personal choice, since I have encountered many people who do not mind eating horrible, soggy pathetic excuses of lumpia).    

One can also find desserts, such as halo-halo, biko, and turon.
Several years ago I had a renter who is Phillipino. Every so often, they cook Lumpia (phillipine verson of Chinese egg roll). It is home make style, it is dee -liceous. Since they move out, I sure missed Lumpia.

Three months ago, I by chance saw the sign 'LUMPIA factory', My mouth begin to watering. My thought was could it be my former renter?. I step inside, nop, they were phillipino...but not my former renter. I order several 'LUMPIA' it is just as good.
I miss Manila Café from the early 2000s, the little Filipino joint that used to be at this location, a little pocket nudged into the strip mall on the southwest corner of Alma School and Elliot. I love lumpia, though--the Filipino version of the egg roll, its biggest difference coming from the thin, crisp wrapper as contrasted to the thick, doughy wrappers used with Americanized Chinese egg rolls. Thus, it was easy to be drawn to Manila Café's replacement. 

For a place called the Lumpia Factory, though, the lumpia pickings are usually sparse when I'm there, and those that I've had, aren't quite my style--cigarillo-thin and filled only with meat, they left me yearning for Mom's big fat lumpia, elegant, ample, savory, and home. That aside, the food here can be pretty good! 

Shove some storage boxes aside, shift the somewhat awkward and somewhat heavy tables and chairs so you can actually sit at them without having to be as thin as a stick figure (they don't mind that their clientele shifts tables and chairs around to suit their parties, which is usually families of various sizes), then step up to the hot plates nestled into the steam table to see the 8-10 dishes offered on that day's menu--it changes daily, but is usually the same from week to week. Whoever I've run into, manning the counter, has been polite, downright friendly, and eager to please (and answer any questions, for those of you novices). Point through the glass at what will usually be stewing meats or soups, braised meats and vegetables, sometimes unusual parts of common animals (tripe anyone?), and set up your plate--a combo with two or three items with a serving of rice--and the counter help will bring it to you in Styrofoam plates and bowls. 

If you're Filipino or have affection for the cuisine, chances are, your pick will hit the spot, or at least come close. Of course, if you're like me and compare the food to mom's cooking, you're bound to find something to take issue with, but if you enjoy it for what it is--home-style comfort food from a culture whose food is far too ignored and, therefore, hard to come by, then you'll be pleased and maybe even get all nostalgic. 

If you're new to Filipino food, you can start easy with one of their adobo dishes, lumpia, and a pancit dish, which is the Filipino equivalent of Chinese lo mein--you can't go wrong with noodles! No matter who you are, try halo-halo for dessert--this is at the heart of Filipino desserts!
This place has the personal touch I like.  The guy remembered me from 2007 and 8/08.  Unfortunately they didn't have Pancit today but I got some sinigang and ate it on the spot.
(4/16/09)
I had a bad lumpia experience at this place. I went there since I had a huge craving for some authentic lumpia and I ordered the pork lumpia. It tasted freezer burned and the edges were burnt where the meat was busting out. My friend calls this kind of lumpia "lazy ass lumpia" cuz the edges are open faced and not enclosed....hahahahaa. Anyhow I might give this place a 2nd try if I'm ever in the neighborhood but highly doubt it.
Finally got here.  Too late in the evening, apparently.

No more lumpia.  No more pancit.  DOH!!!

Can't knock that too much, as earlier reviews warned me of that.

Anyway, what I did get was some Bistek (sp), a lichon dish, and some ribs in sauce.  

Wow.  That's really all I can say about the lichon and the ribs.  Both these dishes have wickedly good sauce...a bit sweet with some awesome spices in there.  No, don't think 'sweet-n-sour'...that's such a step down from what this is.
The bistek was a tad dry, but the taste outweighed this small flaw.  Pepper steak?  No.  Much better than your normal Chinese food joint pepper steak.  The flavors here are subtle, and the onions add a sweetness that compliments the meat.  

All three items with rice ran me about $8.  That's less than a 3 item entree at Panda's.  That's less than a footlong combo at Subway.  That's less than a lot of things that are less tasty than what I got at the Factory.

I was really hoping to have some lumpia, though.  When she told me that the pancit was gone, I was disappointed.  But then she said they ran out of lumpia, and I wanted to cry.  Not really.  Like everyone that's reviewed has said, get here earlier in the afternoon if you want a large variety.  Because there wasn't even any adobo left when I got there...around 5:30 in the evening.

I see that this is a place where the family/owners just kinda hang out.  I like that.  It gives a sense of...ease...unpretentiousness...non-stuckupishness.  Its funny that whenever I've walked into one of these Filipino restaurants, all the people look at me as if they expect to know me somehow...I'm waiting for someone to ask me in tagalog "Aren't you so-n-so's son?" lol  I was in kind of a bummer mood, but the warmth of family made me smile.

Lol, the Filipino channel was indeed on, and indeed loud.  But it added to my experience somehow.  

I will be back since this is not too far from me.  And I'm sure once I try a few lumpia, some adobo and some pancit, I'll be adding a star.  Also, I was surprised they didn't have cantaloupe juice, which is now my favorite beverage on Earth.
Had to add a star for two reasons:

Lechon.  This is it.  There was a tray heaping full of the stuff in all its golden and shiny glory.  I pointed and said that I HAD to have it.
The first piece I tasted was the equivalent of finding $200 in an old wallet when your rent is due.  Crunchy skin that immediately melted in my mouth.  Juicy sinful fatty stuff that clung to the thick pieces of skin.  And tender meat so juicy that it made me google how this stuff was made.  Lechon is all its hyped up to be.

The other reason for the star is for the hospitality I receive whenever I go in there.  Well, I've only been twice, but each time has been great.  Once again, the family atmosphere was in full effect.  I still haven't asked who is who, but I'll work my way up to that.  But the people behind the counter have been awesome.  This time, a dude big in stature chatted about the Knicks vs. Bulls rivalry and actually made a point that I could not deny.  Seems like a great guy and he had complete confidence in his lechon, which he full well should.  But what tops it all is the way he ended our transaction.  Let's just say it was the top of the mountain for customer/vendor relationships.  When trust is built between an owner and a customer, you pretty much have a guaranteed repeat customer.  That's what the Factory has gained in me.

Also, I got the bbq ribs again...and they were even better than last time if that's even possible.
And finally, I had an order of lumpia.  Now...mines were burnt on the ends.  It wasn't ideal to have to chop the ends off of each one, but the taste of them nulls the fact that I had to do that.  These were awesome tasting lumpia.  Maybe they just took their eyes off of them for a minute too long or something.  I'll definitely give these another go.
I can see 5 stars in their future if the food maintains its deliciousness, which I am confident it will.
This is my favorite Filipino Restaurant in AZ.

There's nothing like coming here for lunch on the weekends.  They have a pretty extensive array of dishes available on Saturday and Sunday.  

I really have to stay disciplined when I come here, because I always feel like ordering one of everything.  

Their lechon is pretty damn tasty.  I have ordered lechon from them for holiday parties, and family members usually rave about how good it is.

When there's a "pot luck" type party at my wife's work, she usually orders 100 pieces of pork lumpia from here, and it is always the first item that runs out.  

If you're craving Filipino food.  You have to pay a visit to Gene at Lumpia Factory.
This'll prob be my last update.  
They have earned 5 stars for consistently having delicious food and for the great feeling I get when I go in.  
I'm horrible with names, but the guy that owns the place served me this evening and he remembered me instantly.  Again we he had a great conversation about the NBA, this time the 'Super Friends' of Miami.  And again, trust between customer and business owner was built on, which carried over from my last visit.  
Good people plus good food equals 5 stars in my book.  
They now have a buffet every Sunday from 9-3 I think, or 8-3.  I'm looking forward to partaking of that...wonder how they fit all the people in there, though?  Anyway, my food tonight was again a great experience for my tastebuds.  Yes, the food is a bit greasy...but like a previous reviewer (and all the Filipino folks I know) said, this cuisine is typically greasy at buffets so the meats won't dry out.  Just put everything over some rice and you're good to go...but I still just scarf down the stuff right out of the container.
I just can't stress enough how nice the people here are!
I really liked this place. Can anyone confirm that it actually closed down?
So...another Filipino restaurant casualty.  I saw they had closed some time earlier this year.  Very sad, as with Karey's Kitchen, the people were very cool.
Yummy filipino food and great service...  My family was treated like VIPs here because the cab driver who took us there told them we were with them.  The soup that comes along with our meal was really good.  I had the kare kare and it tasted just like the way my grandma makes it.  The turon (banana egg roll) was really good... it was crispy and not soggy.  We loved it so much that we went back 2 days later for breakfast.  The longsilog was okay.  The garlic rice was a little cold but the longonisa (filipino sausage) was yummy and not too greasy.  I would definitely go back again the next time we visit Sin City.  It's a nice change from eating on the strip.
I was introduced to this spacious and homey Filipino restaurant by my parents on our recent visit to Vegas.  This was by all means the best place on the Mainland for authentic, home-cooked Filipino food.  The cafeteria -style set up let's you choose from the wide variety of entrees.   We went twice because you can't beat the $3.99 2-item combo, served with a ton of steamed white rice (of course), and a cup of soup (more like a flavorful broth).  I tried adobo, pinakbet, fried pusit, kare kare, BBQ pork on a stick, sinigang, and a couple of fish dishes my mama ordered.  Oh, yeah....masarap!  

The staff are wonderful, and with TFC on the tube, you'll feel like you're at your Auntie's house for lunch.
i love filipino food... however, i "love" it only when it comes to my family's cooking.  i'm biased, i know.  every time i eat dishes others have made, i have a tendency to compare it to my family's.  there are only a limited number of ones who come up to snuff.  anywho, this place has just been added to my list.  the food here tastes good.  i visited this restaurant both times i was in vegas.  first visit - we walked in and each were given a cup of hot soup.  there were so many choices of food and all looked so appetizing.  i decided on the bistek and bbq pork on a stick.  those entrees with the rice and a glass of mango juice certainly satisfied me.

i revisited the restaurant 3 days in a row during my second trip.  i'm giving it 5 stars for the consistency in the good quality food that they served.  i tried the dinuguan, which was alright, and the pork apritada, which i really really liked.  i was excited to find out that they have 2 other restaurants, both of which are located in socal.  hopefully the food at the other restaurants taste just as yummy.  if not, then i'm gonna have to plan another trip to vegas.  =)
When I entered this place I was like OH MY!!! I didn't know what to pick. There was a huge selection of everything that I like. I felt like a little kid in a candy store on Christmas day. I was juz blown away from all these delicious looking food. But anyways I will definitely be coming back here the next time I go back to LV.
Didn't go there for the hot food, just there for the chicken Chicharrón.  Instead of deep fried pork rinds, we deep fry chicken skin.  Everybody knows the best part of Popeye's chicken is the skins.  At this establishment, it's like having your cake and eating it too.  It's like a childhood dream of eating pizza with 5 layers of cheese, like Pork Fried Rice with MSG, like an Open bar, really, anything that would cause a life threatening illness if overindulged.  It's that exciting.  All the goodness of something really bad for you.

Well, the review isn't quite complete until I try the entree, but since I did eat their food, I'll give it 3 stars.  Great with rice and vinegar.
Love this place. Right when you come through the door youre greeted by the servers. The filipino ladies who work here are really nice & sweet. The bus boy is hella helpful & always ready to clean your table of finished plates and what not. The food is really good and tastes like homemade authentic filipino. solid.
Let's start off by mentioning why the minus 1 star.

People who are not Filipino will always be like "How the hell do you say the name of the store?", or "WTF?!"

Also this place is a bit more expensive then the competing Filipino restaurants around this area.

On to the good things, this is a great place to bring someone new to Filipino food. This place is the cleanest compared to the "other" Filipino restaurants neighboring the area. Also they really make the food very presentable. We do eat with our eyes first, and I will admit as a Filipino our dishes really don't LOOK that appetizing. It's like Indian food, they don't look appetizing a lot of times, but really is very good.

The staff is very friendly, but that is expected since it is staffed by Filipinos. 

If you are craving Filipino food check this place out.
Decided to give this place a  try after a disappointing lunch at the bibingkahan place. This place definitely outshines the other in a lot of ways.
The food tastes way much better. SEasoned right !!!
SErvice is friendly and people who works there are nice.
Would make this place my go to for Filipino dishes.
They also got some Filipino snacks for sale.
I''ve been to the ones in Cali, hoping that this was just as friendly and satisfying. 

Definitely out of two times eating there and a few other cafeteria spots, this is probably the better of what I've tried in the area. I haven't tried any sit down filipino spots, but I think that should deserve a separate category.  Food is nicely seasoned and not too greasy or skimpy on the meats and didnt have a gross amount of meat to fat ratio (this coming from someone who LOVES fat...sometimes its just too much at some joints) . The people who work here are very friendly too. 

This though is great because many of these dishes take so long and I normally dont want to cook it.  I particularly don't live "very filipino"- I dont have TFC at home, or cook/eat out filipino often or have much flip friends to talk Tagalog with. It's just kinda nice sometimes to be with my people and eat a variety of things from my heritage and watch Woowoowee on the TV. Of course I miss my moms cooking (she is the best cook out of her 13 siblings clan), but going to someplace to eat dishes kinda gives a little bit of that home comfort.  It's small things, but means something....I don't ever want to lose that part of myself that is Filipino.
I would say 3.75 stars. I frequent this place for my "to go" lunch plates. They give you a lot of food. The menu is different every day but there are items that you can count on to be in their daily offering. One particular dish that I particularly like is the fried breaded shrimp. They call it camaron rebosado, it is often offered as part of their menu during weekends but you can special order this entree. This is not your typical breaded shrimp with bread crumbs. It is has a fluffier type of breading. It is very good, texture and taste wise. It is accompanied with sweet and sour sauce (Filipino style) and it is best eaten with rice.
We had lunch here with a party of 16 flips.....:-). They really took care of us with great food and service!!!! If you love flip food this is the place to go in Vegas.
"Wait, you came all the way to Las Vegas to eat Filipino food?!?" - friend

Despite all the buffets and cheap eats, I guess my family needed to find some home food.  This place is great!  A little over priced (about the price you pay at Goldilocks) but it's worth it.  A 3-entree rice plate set me back around $7 and for my first and only visit here, I had the Chicken BBQ, Chicken Adobo, and Chicken Afretada.  Normally when I eat another Filipino's cooking, I think to myself "wow this is inferior to my mom's cooking" but quite honestly, this place measures up!

One of the workers there even offered to give us more rice and sinigang broth while we were eating, which was really nice of them.

I'll be coming back here with my family on our next visit to Vegas, whenever that may be of course, LOL.
HUGE selection of food (two counters of food so at least 20-30 different items) and friendly staff. 

My girlfriend and I came in and only i was ordering food, but she gave both of us a cup of soup. I ordered the Chicken Afritada and Laing. She piled on way more food that would be expected from an average two item plate. The entire meal was about $6 and its around $7 for a 3 item plate. Both were perfectly seasoned and the chicken was juicy and tender. 

The place is CLEAN and brightly colored. 

I know that anytime i have a craving I will come back here.
This was my first time trying Filipino food. It was delicious! We tried chicken with coconut curry, chicken Kari Kari, chicharron, fried whole tilapia, Adobo pusit, and a banana fried. I wouldn't order the fish again but the rest was great. All that with two soups and rice and 2 drinks cost $21!!
For the times my stomach craves for the goood ol' country Filipino food my tongue have grown accustomed to besides the other international cookings my mother, my father and/or our housekeeper cooks for me and my siblings way back then; For the times I would just not get busy in the kitchen making favorite Filipino cuisine, this is my dining home when in Vegas. Why? can not think of anything else nor compare it with other places but it just fills and completes my Filipino food palate's needs! 

Pluses: 
This is a  family-friendly, laid-back, fast-food type restaurant. Want to see the interior? see the restaurant's own video on youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZ9ahwcj5mw&feature=mfu_in_order&list=UL 
The atmosphere is cordial and conducive to just eating. Sometimes it's filled with diners on peak dining hours and sometimes I dine in with only 2 or three tables occupied. I like that, too, so I can concentrate on my meal and savor it without rushing out (so others can seat and eat on the table I just vacated, so unlike other restaurants). 
There's televisions to watch Filipino programmed shows or sometimes sports is on the monitor. If not, just eat!
It's not hot or cold inside. Guess, it has an A/C and fans swirl around, above from ceiling. Well, I feel comfy while dining, not un-climated.
I have dined in the restaurant when "Pork Binagoongan" was on the buffet line (see photos). Other favorites of mine like "Laing", "Pinakbet", "Sinigang", "Kare-kare", "Bicol Express", "Ginataan" are waiting to be had. Well, I stop the enumeration right there because I have many favorites. It could get on and on, including soups and desserts...that said, it would take up so much space here on this page. Any favorites you can think of? Many Filipino food favorites are presented for you to have, to taste. A variety each day. Not the same served on the buffet line everyday. Isn't that exciting? Each time you visit, it ain't the same foods for the day. 
Finely sliced, scrumptious, well-seasoned and deliciously spiced up meals. 
They serve breakfast food. Though my regular choices were simple, my breakfast meal is always delightful of Garlic Fried Rice, a double nice sunny-side up eggs and delectable "Longanisa" (sweet and spicy sausage). 
An array of finger food delicacies and packaged candies or mini-desserts for your sweet fixing need. 
For just less than $10, a generous choice of 2 entrees in a combination with a heaping, steaming white rice and a small side of soup is a good deal. There are times I get a really good appetite, an extra serving of rice is given free of charge.
The buffet line staff are friendly, helpful, and cordial. And they serve with an attentive smile. Although the staff is Filipino speaking, English as you all know by now is spoken by most Filipinos.
Food is made fresh daily, hot, and straight from the kitchen.
A "to-go" styrofoam box and plastic bag is given when taking home the rest of the meal is an option.
There's a bathroom to wash my hands or peruse it for other purpose, you know what I mean.
Parking space is abundant outside the restaurant. Choose your space.

Un-Plus, but See the Good Side Of It: 
No wait staff if you are looking for someone to attend to you while you eat. It is a fast food restaurant. What did you expect? A tip is not even expected, unless you were really served by one of the staff. 
Just don't expect the same Filipino foods made for each day. The buffet line offers you delectable choices that varies each day. 
Later in the course of the day, the buffet trays are replenished; nevertheless, it's made fresh each time.

Back to Plus: The tables are attended to after the diner(s) leave the table by a cordial cleaning attendant resulting in a nice clean table if the diners before you do not clean up after themselves, you know how some people are.

Overall, I enjoy my meals and "masarap talaga" (that means, really tastes good!) Mmmmm! Mmmm! Mmm!

Here's an event submitted http://www.yelp.com/events/las-vegas-uye-we-salo-salo-filipino-style
"Fishballs", 'Taho", "Pancit Palabok" from an episode of Anthony Bourdain http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdrBQL6gsio
"Balut" (Duck Embryo Boiled Egg) & Exotic Foods of Philippines or "Pulutan" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akV-ItQQTg0
this place reminded me of the old carinderia's in the Philippines. they style of it is "turo-turo" same style as if you went to "Goldilocks" except better tasting =). you get 2 entrees with the rice and if you want they have soup on the side that they offer since Filipino's love to eat rice with "sabaw" or soup. they have plenty of sections from adobo, sinigang, afritad, menudo, almost any popular Filipino dishes they have it. i also got to try a soda that's original from the islands called "Sarsi" does it bring back memories when i was a kid drinking it out of a small sandwhich bag with straw (you guys know what i'm talking about if you grew up there) i would definitely come back on my next Vegas trip. it's nice to be away from the strip once in awhile
First off location...not a good area...My wife is Filipina and we eat a lot of filipino food. My favorite is chicken adobo and this selection here was not good. How can a dish made with garlic and vinegar not taste like it had vinegar in it?..Also the overall selection was not good...Don't know how anyone could see this place having a large variety to choose from. My wive had oxtail that looked good but was so over cooked we took to go as we didn't want to throw it away in front of them:). Place was not clean either...Blinds broken and hanging sideways on window and sun shining on windows as u enter show the windows filthy. This is rather a brutal review I know but it is what we experienced. But give it a try and see what u think.
Sooo good! Great price, good portions! This may be my favorite place for hearty meals! Such good hearty food choices, I actually thought this was a mexican restaurant, i'm not disappointed it wasn't. Yummy!
Lots of selection.  Nice prices.  Great helpings.  Not much in the way of customer service.  It's an adequate hump-day dinner.
3 years ago, I moved away from my Filipino family and their amazing traditional meals that I would eat every day. When I'm missing them and missing their food, this is where I come to fill my void. Though it's nothing compared to mom & dad's cooking, it is still good!!! I've been here a few times and though it's about 40 minutes from my house, it's worth the drive for me!! I get sooo much food for sooo cheap!! They have a huge selection of food options. I really like their sinigang and constantly crave their fried chicken skins (omggg yum) and anything they have is pretty good!! I think I might make a trip there today actually - just writing about it makes me hungry!! haha.
When I am in the mood(and in the area) for my ethnic food, I like this one. Everything is great. I love the crispy pata. A lot of the food is deep friend and deep fried makes me happy(COMFORT FOOD!). It has been there forever. I just don't care for the area.
My familys favorite filipino restaurant in vegas! I eat so much whenever I go here.  They give free soup & A LOT of rice! They have my favorite banana dessert thing called Maruya! I can never find a place here in LA where they serve that :(.  They have a wide selection of filipino food to choose from... from bbq to adobo to menudo and ampalaya.  All the food I've tried is pretty good.  

Parking is really easy since they're located in a plaza, and the workers are always so friendly!
I'm Filipino and one of my personal rules is, "I don't PAY for Filipino food!" My Mother and Aunties are amazing cooks! If I'm craving kare-kare or lumpia sariwa or adobo or pancit or pinakbet or anything else Filipino, I pick up the phone and call Mom or I make it myself. But..... Ito'y Sariling Atin has made me have to rethink this rule of mine. I had lunch there with family yesterday and it was so yummy! Lots of dishes from which to choose. I was craving kare-kare that day so that was my main dish. My eyes wanted to order so many things but one's stomach can only hold so much. They re-offer rice if you still have ulam. One gentleman had ordered the halo-halo special. Topped with mango ice cream it was huge and looked amazing! That will be the first thing I order on my next visit there! For 5 adults, the total price was $42; very reasonable. (Thanks for treating, Auntie.) Highly recommended.
Out of the large amount of Filipino restaurants in Vegas, Sariling Atin's food is just THE best. I've tried a few others, but hands down, this one's my favorite.

Don't get me wrong.. I love my parents' cooking, but I think even they would admit their food is delicious. In a one week stay, I think we managed to buy food from them like 4 out of the 7 days. Everything I've tried there is just full of flavor. I've never thought anything was too salty or lacking in something.

Cost-wise, I think it costs around $10 or a little for a large sized container of ulam ("dish" in Tagalog.. basically one of the items). They also serve one or two item combos with rice, and they come with soup too (usually nilaga or sinigang). They also sell homemade desserts, sago't gulaman, melon, Sarsi soda, etc.

Sariling Atin is where it's at!
Filipino server told me about this place and I'm glad he did cause it's right next to my place.  Great little shop and the food was outstanding for filipino fast food.  Got a whole piece of fish with soup, tamarind broth on the side just for my rice, and barbecue, rice, and diniguan.  It was all amazing and fresh and was almost tempted to get a Sarsi root beer as well.  It was also nice to see that the Laker game was on and it wasn't just Filipino Variety shows on TFC.
This place is the only Filipino restaurant in Vegas worth going to.  Food is always fresh and dont forget to get the fresh melon juice.  Only only beef I have is that the sinigang soup is not pork but fish, which is nastay.
Good place to go if you're looking for Filipino food.  All the dishes that I ordered tasted like the ones from home or at Filipino parties.  Safe place to try if you want to try something different than chow king, jollibees, or goldilocks!
When i was in vegas recently, i ate here twice. And the only time come back to a place to eat twice is if their food is really good. Lots of selection and ambience is homey- feels like you're back home in the Philippines. The prices are reasonable too. I will definitely eat here again if i am in the area.
So so good. All the chicken dishes are great.
I'm not usually on this side of town very often...or at all if you observe my trends.

Was here due to the Anime convention over at LVH. After a few hours the hunger set in and walking around LVH my group and i started to notice that choices were quite sparse for lunch options. Hell the diner was closed and they shoveled people next door to the cantina for over priced happy hour. Other than that there was a pizza hut.

So i suggested Hot Dog Haus and the group agreed. Drove over and would you believe it...out of business (scene from Return of the Sith where Vader goes 'NOOOOO' and destroys everything in the room). Buddies suggested Ito'y Sariling Atin so i was like sure.

Long story short I can not for the life of me pronounce the name of this place or tell you what i ate other then describe it as a beef stew with rice dish but holy hell this place was the greatest bang for the buck and had some AWESOME food.

Pictures i'll be sure to take pictures of what i eat here in the future and you guys can help me put a name to it.
I'm amazed that there are so many Filipino restaurants in Las Vegas. I always visit this place to escape the "Strip" and give my wallet a rest. 

I have been going back and forth about rating this place 3 or 4 stars. I have settled on 4 stars since 3 1/2 stars is not an option. By comparison, this place puts all of the Phoenix area Filipino places to shame. They have a wide selection of choices and the prices are reasonable. My review is based on the American palette as opposed to the Filipino palette.

Their breakfast menu consists of rice, longanisa, and eggs. I'm not really a fan of the breakfast so I nosh on the Turon. Which is a fried banana with jack fruit rolled up to look like a 8-12 inch eggroll.  The Turon is excellent and I always buy a bunch to go. These are $1 each and easily my favorite Breakfast item.

The lunch and dinner options are abundant. I have had the Lechon Kawali, Adobo and Caldaretta. I thought these dishes were OK, nothing to really salivate over.
Good food and reasonably priced!!!!
One of the best Filipino Restaurant in Town! Great Service, and Really Good Food.... love the Tita's Over there there so friendly... and the guy who clean the table and always gives u a great service when you eat there. ...
Great Home style Filipino Food !!!
I could never remember the name of this restaurant  every time I asked Pino and Pinay people at work for their favourite Restaurant this one came up but I know it now and in my Humble opinion this is the best Value eating in this town
I love Filipino food, and this place has just that.  If you're craving adobo or banana lumpia, stop here and grab a plate to go.
It is a turo-turo place. price is reasonable just like in the bay area. they have 1 or 2 item special or you can order a-la carte .we were 6 people so we tasted most of the food they have. the veggies in the pinakbet were crunchy, cooked just right. each of the menu was tasty. lots of selection of Filipino desserts. friendly people. has 2 T.V. in tagalog channels - so u can watch your favorite show. this place maybe walkable if you are staying at LVH.
First impression: This place is terrible.

First of all let me give you a quick background on me. I am half filipino (from my dad)so I have SOME knowledge about filipino food. The problem is I am also half white and extremely extremely americanized lol. That being said I know the basics of filipino food only from eating at my grandmas house (yummmmmm). However, I cant prononuce anything in tagalog. No accent. By looking at me you cant even tell I am half so obviously coming in they think I'm just some straight up white girl walking into their restaurant. 

When I walked up to order thats when I realized how rude the lady was. She was completely irritated that I was pointing at certain dishes asking what type of meat it is (i can only point out  loganisa, adobo, annddd sinigang). Other than that I  have nooooo idea. She had an attitude problem and all I wanted was some good food. 

So this makes me wonder..... do all customers have to have an accent and know the ins and outs of this type of food to come here???? In order to give good service do I have to bring my grandma along. 

Its not like the lady didnt speak english or didnt understand me. She was just mad that I didnt know what was what. 

Ruuuuuuude!!!!!!!

I would say I would never come back but the only reason this place gets 2 stars is because their halo halo is bomb! I'll come back for that since I know how to say it lol

Anyways food was mediocre, Or maybe my granny spoils me. It was a big bowl of oil -_____-
HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013 - Contender #9

"This is our very own." 
That's what the name of this restaurant, Ito'y Sariling Atin, means.  I know because I asked my mom, who was born and raised in the Philippines, unlike me, who was born in Akron, OH, raised in Cerritos, CA, and have parents who didn't teach me Tagalog.  Now you know, too.

As the Halo-Halo Challenge winds down, contender #9 brought us to yet another Filipino fast food place that we've never visited.  One thing Mel and I have learned in this short period of time doing the challenge is that Las Vegas has A LOT of Filipino food restaurants.  We're only going to review ten of them for this go-round, but there are still many beyond that number.  ISA is a "turo-turo" style place where you "point-point" at the food you want, just like those other places where you line up at the counter and can get two or three-item combos with rice. We didn't have any food, but I thought I'd let you know in case you want to eat here.
We didn't see halo-halo on the menu, but just ordered it anyway, knowing that they did offer it. The lady behind the counter starting speaking to Mel in Tagalog--uh oh.  When this happens and you don't understand what's being said, you just keep answering in English.  She got the message and finally told us that it would take ten minutes.  Oh, okay.  The price here is $5.25 for the icy dessert and theirs had:

Ube ice cream, kaong, azuki, one piece of leche flan, nata de coco, white beans, jam, and chunky ice, again.  What's with the chunky ice?  Challenger #7 also had chunky ice.  I am not a fan of little icebergs in my bowl that I need to stab with my plastic spoon.  
No macapuno, langka, ube, or pinipig in this version.
Other than the chunky ice, this halo-halo is not too shabby.  It's only missing a couple of ingredients that I prefer to make it one of my favorites so far. HALO-HALO+TURO-TURO=YUM-YUM - 9 down, 1 left!
Contender #1:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
Contender #2:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA
Contender #3:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ
Contender #4:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self
Contender #5:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw
Contender #6:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg
Contender #7:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
Contender #8:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
tasty food, reasonable price, good staff, clean restaurant.
If you guys are looking for a freshly cooked filipino dish that is within a budget come to this place. Service is excellent and the place is very clean
From reading all the "good" reviews about this place we decided to check it out. The food here was Decent. Nothing great about it. Portion sizes were small. It was also located in the ghetto. Would we go back there? No.
Very good service,  they are nice people and the food Is awesome... I love to eat here...
This place is better than most places. My hubbie and I had two combos with 2 sides, yema, and two pieces of turon and it was a total of 25 dollars.  Not bad.  When we came in we were greeted by a man who stood there if anybody needed anything.  He gave us napkins while we pointed out what we wanted.  Like most filipino places, they're usually watching some filipino show.  The food was great and it was near our hotel. That's a plus! I finally found a place to eat while we're in town!
Ok, let's start off with the food!

The food was cheap...very cheap actually. I think the 2 item combos were about $6, and the selection is plentiful. I went with what I knew, and chose the Lechon Kawali, Sisig, and Adobo.

The Lechon Kawali was a good meaty version here...not nearly as much fat as the other place I had it at, but the flavor isn't as good here...the benefit of all that fat! It's a catch 22 

The Sisig...a little different than I've had. This was a bit more soupy on the bottom, versus a more dried consistency. Good though...just prefer the dried/more fried version myself.

And of course, the Chicken Adobo...very tasty and flavorful, but there were tiny little splinters of bone that distracted me from loving the dish. They need to sharpen that Butcher's knife! It was fall off the bone tender though, with a strong soy sauce flavor.  I'd skip this personally.

So bang for your buck, this is good food for the money! BUT :

I hit the restroom on the way out, and saw DEAD BUGS on the ground...GROSS! So I told myself, at least they are dead...the pesticides must be working right? But now I am worried and start looking around on the ground...noticed a live one walkin around in the middle of the day. Bleh...at least it was after I ate, because I sure as hell didn't have an appetite after that.

It was only till after my visit, that I noticed the other Yelper that posted up pics of a bug IN THEIR FOOD.  If I would have saw that, chances are, I would NOT have ate here... 

Good luck!
Came in on our way to the airport to get some deep fried chicken skin and my gf couldn't resist trying their halo halo. She liked the halo halo, chicken skin not so much.

Place was pretty busy and the food looked good, maybe next trip we'll try it out.
I went here randomly one day, and felt like I was home when I left! Ahh I got Lechon Kawali, Chicken Afretada, Sinigang, Turon, and Sago! All for less than $10! They were so friendly... they made me fresh Lechon! I sat and ate it, reminiscing about my grandmother's cooking! It is a busy place and you can get some good pandesal and desserts there to go as well!
Best filipino fast food I've eaten in Vegas.
Buffet style setup where you see the food that's already cooked and ready to be served. Customer service is good with a busboy who is very friendly & always cleaning. 

The biggest downfall is that filipino food is that it's not that healthy for you. Eat responsibly lol

Try the Tocino, Fried Pork & anything that they serve. It's as filipino tasting as it gets!
Yummy! My favorite place been coming here for 3 yrs now! Everything is good and fresh. I'm a regular ;)
I was impressed by this place. I had Filipino food for lunch the day before but that was not good and I was looking for something to fill the void. I checked Yelp and found this place rated high by other people. Higher rated than the other place I went to.
If you ever heard someone say to find a good place, find the taxi drivers... this is true! there was about 10 taxi cabs in the parking lot in front of this place.
This is not buffet and went here for breakfast. Found breakfast is $3.99 for any "silog" and the amount of food was more than enough. If you are craving anything else, you can order a small size for 3.29 or get there other combo which is not expensive at all.
The server was very polite and social, even though she spoke to me in tagalog and I spoke English back.
The place is nice... its not fine dining, but its not a "hole in the wall". it was decently clean and can't complain. the had some good dessert items near the register..even an assorted sipin sipin that I plan to go back for before I leave.
We didn't enjoy our meal because of loud - mouthed staff. When we asked them to tone it down,  one of them replied that  the restaurant is a public place. How lame is that! !!!.don't come here if you want to have a pleasant meal.
we heard about this place but did not have a good lunch. the woman serving was so loud and brash. the bus boy was talking at the top of his lungs yelling instead of talking softly to one of the patrons. I willnever go back to the place again. quite a downer. the server over the counter even had an argument with a patron about I. food was ok but cost
 me  $19 for two people.
Best Filipino Food in town. I was introduced to this great place by my best friend who's father when I was a teen used to make some flavor-filled dishes that woke both us up in the morning to a strong mouth-watering aroma that stinged your nose. But that very smell gave me the most greatest hunger. This place is very similar to how he used to cook his dishes for us. 

They have a chain restaurants in CA also ( which I always go to) This is the only place I go when I have a craving for some authentic Filipino food... dishes like my favorite ground beef and veggies in a orange sauce or anything with chunks of meat in it with veggies.

My most favorite dish to get is the Pork Sinigang. It is thee best here. Soooo much kick in this soup... one spoon sip and you'll be gulping it down or putting it all over your rice. It's just the greatest tasting dish there. I cannot get enough of it. I usually take it to go in a big to go container and just enjoy the flavorful sour soup at home. It was a bunch of green beans, spinach or cabbage and chunks of pork meat in a tamarind base soup. If you don't like sour than skip this and try all the other great entrees. 

There are so many to choose from and you just have to go with what looks good... well maybe not coz some dishes look messy and not that appealing but they sure taste delicious. Oh yea they also have this mango drink that I always get... very refreshing on a hot thirsty day. Don't forget the vinegar and garlic sauce that should be on the corner of the restaurant. It's an extra zig for your taste buds =)
Yea ok so I know this chain from LA as well. But when this opened up here. I'm not sure if the smell is that fantastic inside. If you're not used to filipino food. Go easy. Don't try the fish right away. Go easy - try the lechon, (crispy pork) or even the beef caldareta, maybe chicken or pork adobo, just don't hurt yourself. Pancit noodles and lumpia are always safe. Sometimes I eat here and I get sick from all the fatty stuff. So eat in moderation if you have the same problem. If you want a nice sit down filipino place - Try Salo Salo grill. Most of the places in town are buffet like. Thus a lot of times the food has been sitting...Hehehe I said thus....What a funny word.
I was stuck in traffic on the strip - no surprise!  But, I was SO hungry after my flight that when I saw the word 'Bahay', I became so excited and did a jacked up turn to make it into the parking lot.  

Stepping inside was like heaven.  Especially to a person delusional from hunger.  They have all the Filipino food you could imagine...honestly, it was that big of a selection.  

After much debate, I decided on the kare-kare (ox-tail in peanut butter) and sinagang (tamarind broth soup).  With a heaping pile of steamed rice.  Under $10.  Deal alert!  

The kare-kare was realllllly good.  (ALMOST as good as my mom's.)  You know how some places skimp out on the peanut butter?  Nope, not this place!  Peanut buttery goodness.  

Sinagang, yum.  It had so many veggies and such a nice broth that it balanced the heaviness of the kare-kare.  I think I sat in the booth for a good 10 min after I was done eating. Food coma at its finest.
The food here is alright. I had a two item combo with Kare-Kare and BBQ Chicken.

Kare-Kare - I definitely have had better. I thought it was bland. Also, you have the option to not have any tripe in your serving, which is kind of nice.

BBQ Chicken - This item was good. It is kind of like my mom's marinade, but obviously, I love hers better. 

The lady who helped me was super funny. She kept calling me "baby." It made my experience interesting.

I am not sure if this place is the best in Las Vegas for Filipino food. I definitely will be trying other places first before I ever come back.
place has hot food that acutally is good. great for take out and dine in although the place is small so it fills up fast.
nothing remarkable about the food being served. all are staples in a typical pinoy fare.
I was in the Las Vegas Chinatown looking for food.  I could not decide what to eat.  Then suddenly I saw the sign "Filipino fast food".  I was really surprised. This was the last thing I expected to see in Chinatown, let alone Las Vegas.  Since there is a shortage of Filipino restaurants, I decided it was a no brainer to go to this restaurant.

The place was virtually empty, compared to the packed mediocre Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.  I was not impressed by the decor and ambiance of the establishment.  The food was fine.  The customer service was not warm, but fast and efficient.  I order the ground beef dish, sausages, and rice.  Overall, the food is less greasier than what I normally expect from Filipino food.  The sausage had less fillings and was more lean and sweet, from what I usually expect from Filipino food  in San Francisco.  It was different, but good.  If I am in the Las Vegas Chinatown again, I would definitely go to this place and try out some other dishes.
I'm such a coconut, but I really love my native cooking.  Unfortunately, every time I've asked a relative how to make certain dishes, they've told me they have no recipe, and that they cook "according to taste".  The funny thing is that no matter who makes the Filipino food I love so much, it tastes exactly the way it's supposed to taste!  My hockey teammate brought me here with her relatives, and as soon as I walked in, it felt like I was home with my dad.  I ordered the combo with rice, chicken adobo, and pansit.  I also ordered fried rice.  The portions were just like what I would have had at my family get togethers, meaning gimongous!  And it totally tasted like the pansit, rice, and chicken adobo my dad, aunt, and grandma made!  Yummy!  I was thrilled to see they have a restaurant in Anaheim, which actually is miles from where I live, but at least I know where to go if I'm craving Filipino food near Disneyland!  The strip mall they call Chinatown is kind of funny because I never thought there would be a large enough contingent of Asians to support Asian businesses in Vegas.  So cool to see this here.
They have balut.

The other food we had was pretty good too.
There are some standout dishes I've eaten here:

Kare Kare was actually pretty on when I went.
The BBQ chicken sticks were yummy with the usually sweet Filipino glaze, but the chicken was juicy and not dry. 

and some are just okay:

Beef steak was a bit too greasy last time. 

Have not anything bad per se. I prefer Itoy Sariling Atin, but it's far. This is a more logical option to feed my moments where I just want my peoples food. Haha I'm probably one of the few Filipinos who don't cook at home AND eat out Filipino food for 90% of meals so I actually have Flip food cravings
This place has been around for a while, at least over 9 years. You have to come here early enough to get the food while it's still fresh, otherwise they're just sitting under the heating lamps all day. 

The food here is not the best Filipino food around town, but it is just OK. The bistek (beef steak) is a bit too chewy and a lot of the meat has a lot of fat. I know cooking meats with the fat is what makes the meat nice and juicy, but this is really overboard. You're pretty much just getting an order of the sabao (sauce) and onions with cooked fat! 

I used to come here just to get the adobo pusit (squid) since they seem to be the only Filipino fast food place that serves it. But the last time I ordered it, it didn't taste the same. I'm not sure what it was, I think it was the way the sauce tasted. It was more watery than usual or something. Whatever it was, it was enough for me to tell myself not to order it anymore. 

They also have some Filipino grocery items in the store. But beware, they are REALLY expensive! A bag of chicharon that costs $1.29 next door at Ranch 99, costs over $3.00 at Kapit Bahay! You'd think it would be a lot lower knowing its more than half the price right next door! 

Overall, this place is....ehhhh... okay. I would rather go to another Filipino fast food before going here.
The food tasted ok. They didn't give enough food or enough rice; at least not for the price. However the place was clean and the staff was friendly. The taxi driver raved about it but he wasnt a pinoy so not exactly an opinion to take too seriously. 

I had the caldereta which was tasty. The pusit was dry; like rubber. I barely touched it. I paid $24 for a group of four. It was ok. Not going back though.
Nice little turo-turo place.  Nothing like a ice cold glass for sago't gulaman in the blazing heat of Las Vegas.

The place was nice and clean.  Reminds of the ones in the Bay Area.  Their kare-kare is yum!  Reminds me of my mom's.  

So Kapit Bahay...glad to have you as a neighbor.  Would definately come back for the drinks when I'm around your area.
$5.95 for a 2 item combo plate with rice. You cannot substitute rice with pancit.  Additional entree is $2.95....

I had the Adobong Pusit and barbecue grilled chicken. It was pretty good, but Adobong Pusit had too much oil.  I prefer Filipino food with less oil, but kind of hard to find since fat and oil is part of the culture...

Kapit Bahay is in the same hood as my office, so I would come back if I feel too lazy to drive up the street to Nanay Gloria's, want to spend the same price as Nanay's AYCE buffet and prefer more oil.
Some people may call me a hater but usually Im predisposed to think most Filipino food is too oily or too fried or too salty or some combo therein.  Kapit Bahay actually has proven me wrong.  

Setup almost in a Panda Express style, there is a someone who dishes out what you  want from behind a glass partition.   Combo meals come with rice and can be substituted for pancit but in my opinion their pancit was nothing to write home about so keep your change.  All their options are relatively good.  Nothing will wow you and want to make you book the next flight to Manila but nothing will disappoint either.  The best of the bunch include the Chicken Adobo, Menudo, and Beef Caldereta.  

Service is very friendly and approachable, which is what this gringo needs.   Another nice feature is they have their full menu prepared at opening at 9am, perfect if you need a lunch to go fast and don't want to deal with a soggy sandwich or janky fast food breakfast option elsewhere.   For under 5 dollars I can leave Kapit Bahay full every time...thats enough to make this hater put away his Hater-ade.
This place is drowning my food with canola oil! Yikes! Heart attack awaits me, if I continue to eat here!
They look full so I decided to give it a try.  People standing at a Panda Express set up line, order in a foreign language, so it is usually a good sign, that the food is authentic.  But when we order the sweet and sour pork, the lady behind the glass give us All fat pork.  A minute ago, I saw she spooned all lean pork from the same dish to a lady who obviously speak their language.  So that is a big turn-off, I am not coming back again.
I eat here quite often and it is delicious every time! My go-to order: the 2 item combo with a heaping scoop of rice, pancit & chicken adobo. If I'm feeling like I need a little extra, I order the shrimp & veggie lumpia.. they are seriously large and in-charge tho', so make sure u bring an appetite~! 
The staff is super friendly and very quick! They also offer some take home goodies like ensaymada, puto, ube cake and more!
This place definitely fulfills my Filipino food cravings!
IMO some of the best Filipino food in Las Vegas. Kapit Bahay has definitely become the Filipino restaurant that I compare other Filipino restaurants to. The food can be a bit on the oily side sometimes but I don't think its any different than sipping spoonfuls of clarified butter. What... doesn't everyone do that?
Hella hit the spot when needing Filipino food.  Reasonably priced, and wide selection from lechon pacsil (sp?) to longanisa to ampalaya to sinigang to chicken adobo to BBQ to caldereta... The list goes on.  Makin it hard for a girl to choose for a 2-item combo.... Dang, now I'm hungry.
Saw cockcroaches crawling on the floor. And there was hair on my togo when I got home. Threw the food into the trash
I am Filipino  and I know what is a true authentic Filipino dish - and the food at this place comes close to how my parents cook their traditional dishes (ok, maybe their dishes may not contain as much grease, but the taste reminds me of home cooked meals). I am honestly shocked at the lower ratings because this has to be one of the better Filipino restaurants I have tried. And trust me, I am a VERY picky eater. I have nothing to complain about. The food is great tasting, its cheap, and it's fast.
Food here was really good or was i just really hungry and extremely buzz from the marquee day club pool party..but other than that, the prices were reasonable..big portion..they hook it up! i forgot what i had..i think it was menudo and pork adobo..gggggreasy goodness..served over a bed of rice..i think it came out to under $5..parking here is a bit packed..especially during the night scenery..but overall..amazing filipino food..until next time
I just finished eating and it will be my last. The skinny middle aged woman was has the worst customer service ever. She was so rude and forgot to give me my second scoop of rice, but I didn't complain because I will never come in here again, food was okay but I had better and better customer service.... stay away from this place. Nanay Gloria's or itoy sariling atin is better
Went in for breakfast this morning,  food served was not at proper temperature.  Seems to have been day old food reheated.  The steam rice tasted spoiled.  Would never go back to this place again.
Chicken adobo and rice. My favorite dish. Unfortunately they only serve fried rice in the morning, I came in the late afternoon with my wife so we missed out. I would have to rate the chicken adobo a 2 out of 5 stars; bland taste better off getting some mama sita adobo packets and making it at home. Otherwise nice and clean mom and pop shop, my wife and I can barely feel the ac so expect to get a little moist now that it's summer. I paid with a credit card which added just .50 cents to my meal so your better off bringing cash. Hostess very nice and caring just like an auntie should be. It's right next to the Chinese mall and grocery store. So after you eat stretch out your stomach and walk around and see more restaurants and small shops and plenty of foot massage locations.
I've been going to Kapit Bahay for quite a few years now...at least since 2006 or earlier and the great thing is that I can always count on consistency in great comfort food (Pork Sinigang for me)and friendly service with a smile.  

I've tried other great Filipino Restaurants but keep coming back because it feels like coming home to eat.  

Plus the variety of dishes you'd want is here which give you lots to choose from.  

Whenever I have my Mom & Lola come into town to visit I know they will always find something to satisfy their appetite.

Today I ordered some Lumpia Shanghai for my company's Potluck party tomorrow.  I look forward to sharing with my colleagues a little piece of my culture with a favorite dish from my favorite Filipino Restaurant to eat at.
If you want Filipino food and you opted to hit Spring Mtn. Rd. instead of going to Maryland Pkwy, then this is the place to go. It's a cute little corner turo-turo (point point) fast food joint and the food is prepared decently. A downside is that their portions are little and it's hard to find a spot to sit here so don't bring a big crowd or go during peak hours.
Honestly, I've had better turon. 

Turon.. what is that? It's a fat looking ripe banana that is wrapped in .. wrapper like a pig in a blanket. It is deep fried and then covered with caramelized sugar. There is also jackfruit inside of this crunchy concoction. I recommend eating Turon, but maybe buying it from another place.
Rude! F u mean filipino lady behind the counter talking behind my back in tagalog.  I'm Filipino, duh. WORST service. Mediocre food. Halo halo sucks.
This is not a fancy place. It's a fast food Filipino joint that serves you up a good one or two item plate at a good price. I think some people are expecting the world by looking at some of these reviews. The food is pretty good and authentic tasting. I actually like it a lot. My favorites are the fried pork cracklins with meat attached, chicken and pork adobo and the beef steak with onions. I've been here with quite a few different people, also have been to the one at the Hawaiian market. I think the place is a hit or miss with people because of the authentic nature as compared to what you're going to get at Panda Express. I'm not a big microwave looking food eating kind of guy. I like real food that looks like it was cooked from atop a stove. I think this place grows on people, as it has on a few people I've gone with. Their reviews were so so maybe on a two star level after a first visit. But two different people, after trying it out with me a first time and being at a level two, ended up asking me if I wanted to eat at "MY" Filipino place. Which to me tells me both these individuals were not really at a two star rating. After a second visit I would estimate their star rating to be at a 3.5 to a 4. You kind of just have to give it a shot for yourself and don't be thrown off by the authentic look.. not all fast food joints have to cook their food in a microwave and have that rubbery consistency that a lot of people have come accustom to.

On another note, when I first use to go to Kapit.. the customer service wasn't the greatest. Now either I've been there so many times that they have warmed up to me or they have caught on that giving good service is a good business practice.. i don't know. For whatever it's worth, the food at the price was impressive enough for me to come back for more and I think if you give it a shot, you'll feel the same way. If you give it a 2 star rating, try it a second time and see if it has grown on you. It may take a visit or two to appreciate the authentic nature of the food.
its ok pinoy food it will never beat your mom or your tita's food but if you have an itch its not the worse fast food pinoy stuff in the world but certainly not something im not going to write home about...
The food was greasy & over priced for 2 items was almost $10. I only tried it because of the other reviews & was disappointed with taste, selection of food & price.
No one was in the restaurant when we drove up and we saw the waitress swatting flies and decided that that wasn't a good sign.
The food here is actually decent, but nothing to gloat about. If im in the area and craving filipino food i'll drop in sometimes. I awayse get there chicken curry and mung bean stew, it alwayse hit the spot!  Ive tried many of there other dishes, some is good and some is bad, but for some reason i alwayse end up ordering the same thing haha. The Service is ok, typical of any asian restaurant haha. The best part about Kapit is probably the parking lolz theres plenty of it. I would love to rate kapit bahay alittle higher but they need to change up there menue alittle more. I remember coming here a few days in a roll and the menue was the same, after awhile you get kinda burned out haha.  Overall, Food is decent, service is ok but parking is great! Haha
Food is okay. Customer service is poor. I called today to ask if they are selling DXN coffee, a lady answered the phone she said "yes, I am busy. " I asked how much and she replied, " I'm not sure it's in my computer just come here for the price." VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERViCE!!!! She need some telephone etiquette, she answered the phone improperly And rude!
I had a chance to try their food today (12-28-13) it was nasty and bad service..i don't recommend this to our kababayan please save your time and money and try CAFE MODA on 3400 south Jones blvd.
On this day, a good friend and I went shopping. But not just any kind of shopping. Today was a day of shopping for Asian foods, beauty products and medicinal herbs. What a day! Foods, creams and spices I've never heard of. I just took it all in. When we were finished, I was definitely hungry! Right next door was Kapit Bahay. I was definitely excited to try it out as I LOVE Filipino food. 

When you walk in, you're definitely taken to a blast in the past, it seems like.  The walls were faded canary yellow, the tiling, tables and chairs were definitely outdated, to say the least. In the corner, the restaurant also doubled as a mini mart, selling snacks and goodies specific to the Philippines. The counter reminded me of a Filipino version of Panda Express. Most of the food was already prepared and lined up ready to order. The two ladies that were working the counter was a bit strange to me.  On one hand, they were super nice, but they had no patience! It was almost like I was expected to know everything and what I wanted. I felt a little rushed so I just chose the two items that I could pick out right away. 

For lunch, I got the 2 choice combo for $6.50.  I'll definitely give them that.  The price is affordable and very attractive to the audience. For my choices, I got the Pork Adobo and the Lechon. Pork Adobo is a pork cooked in soy sauce, vinegar and other spices. For this choice, it tasted like the adobo was sitting out for a while.  The meat was super dry and chewy.  The broth was also way too oily for my taste, but had a nice flavor to it, not too salty. The lechon was also a turnoff for me.  Lechon is roasted pork, including the skin and fat. This lechon tasted like it was under the heat lamp for a long time.  The meat was way to hard to chew through. I ended up abandoning that side, when all said and done.

At the end of our meals, my friend and I agreed that this wasn't the best of the best. I could tell some of the choices were really authentic, however, I think they need to rotate their food a little more so we (as customers) are getting the best of what they have to offer. Living on the other side of town, the best way I can put it is that fact that I probably wouldn't make a special trip to this restaurant if ever craving Filipino food.  Especially when there are other great joints along the way.
Lechon here is so good , yummy ! ! !
I prefer the Pan De Sal of Valerio's over Goldilock's.   If you're looking for excellent Filipino breads and baked goods, look no further!  You'll find what you're looking for at Valerio's.

Conveniently located at the Seafood City Shopping Center on S. Maryland Parkway in Vegas, it's like being back in Manila with ChowKing, Jolibee, and Valerio's all within shouting distance of each other.  Everything is new, clean, and great quality.

pix laters...
pan de ube and the ube roll...off the hook...must try...cheap and fresh...

everything else, especially the pan de sal seemed to be fresh since they were constantly stocking the shelves...and i made 2 trips there in 1 weekend...

cash only, so be prepared...but it's vegas...who isn't carrying cash with them?..haha
Not as good as Goldilocks or Red Ribbon. The baked goods are alright and they have various types of breads and pastries. The last time I shopped here, the cashier was a quite unfriendly and rude.
Delicious! Although, I need to admit that I don't have much knowledge of Filipino baked goods...but I know what tastes good, and Velerios is good.  I highly recommend the Sio Pao and the Chicken Pan de Sal. Nice staff and good food.
A pandasal is a pandasal...But this bakery has the best Turon I have ever had...For you that don't know what it is...It's a banana and jack fruit eggroll fried with a glaze on it...Just YUMMY...
The very first time I tried these breads & pastries was when I visited Seattle a few years back...now everytime I visit, I always have to  stop by and bring home those delicious breads.  It also became my daughter's favorite..

On our way to Seafood City looking for "Magic Sarap", a condiment that I find so hard lookin for in New York, I saw Valerios, and I was so delighted I called my daughter and she said ...Mom buy some before you leave so they will still be fresh when you arrive....

I bought so much of different  breads/pastries/native cakes  that I had to have a second luggage!!! It was all worth it...Everybody enjoyed everything....I hope they open one here in New York soon....
Quick (short version) story: Friends and I went to vegas. One friend's parents called in an order 24 hours in advance, and said friend was not allowed to pack very much in his suitcase because he had to have enough room for all of the bread purchased from this bakery.

This is definitely not a place any las vegas partygoer would be able to find...because it is about 20 minutes? off the strip.

Decided to accompany my friend over to this bakery because there was so much hype surrounding his order...the staff here are quite nice and will take the time to explain what their most popular breads are and what's in them (even though ingredients are all listed on the packaging).

I got the "siobao" which is very similar to a cha shu pork bun that you could get from dim sum spots, but larger and not necessarily with that same style of bbq pork.

Also tried a red bean bread and that was tasty as well.

Quick Tip:

1) Cash Only
2) Located next to a seafood supermarket
3) Their most popular breads appear to be immediately to the left, on top of the refrigerators
The pandesal & bread's are good but if u don't eat their other stuff right away like this cassava cake I bought a day ago, u might find yourself w/ a molded dessert. The 1st day I got it & tried it, I thought it tasted ok. Nothing special like my mom's or aunts homemade ones. I was gonna eat it the next day cuz I hate to waste, but then it got molded. Probably a good thing for me. Saved me from eating something that wasn't all that good.  I didn't think their sweet rice cakes were all that either. 

On one of the reviews, I read about this bakery, it said something about the turon being good in which I agree. 

The staff seems friendly & helpful but I just wasn't satisfied w/ the taste & texture of their desserts. Maybe cause I'm Filipina & I lived there for a couple years when my dad was stationed in Clark Air Force Base so when it comes to Filipino food, I'm hard to please.
I might be finicky when it comes to Filipino food, but there is one thing that I cannot resist but getting from time to time. I love my Ube and Pan De Ube is one of those items I yearn for. While some of the other items tend to be too sweet for me, I do like the Pan De Sal. A simple breakfast of this bread, fried eggs, and sausage makes me reminisce about my time in the Philippines. 

I agree with other Yelpers who say that the items do not tend to last long. Overall, I would recommend to buy enough to eat that day. This is difficult because most of the breads come in a generous amount.
They have really good biko and puto. The prices are decent. They accept credit card if you spend more than $10, otherwise cash is king. Small size bakery, that can get crowded quickly. My family loves the turon, although I think that it is diabetes deep fried. The items last about a day, and seem to quickly downhill. The puto if left out, will mold, which is not pleasant. Other than that nice filipino bakery by Seafood City.
One word - Turon.  If you don't know what that is, you're totally missing out. My BF is Filipino and we stopped in one day when we were heading to Seafood City. Good thing we did because we plan on buying about 20 Turon for Super Bowl dessert. It's the best we've had in Vegas and LA for that matter!
Valerio's is the closest to what the actual Filipino pastries are like. When I need my pan de sal or pan de coco this is where I go. They have some of the best turon's I have ever had, and I am picky when choosing my Filipino bakeries.
Big selection of Filipino pastries and desserts. Everything looks so good. We always try to visit here on our trips to Vegas.
It's always a pleasure to walk into Valerio's to see the yummy traditional Filipino baked goods they have. I always come here for pan de ube and wheat pan de sal.
The prices are fair and today when my husband and I went, we saw that they finally accept card methods of payment! :) Yay.
Filipino or Cornfed American, I challenge you to walk in to Valerio's and come out empty handed.  I do not think that it is possible.

They have ensaymada in a few different flavors the size of my head! They have fresh Spanish rolls, cheese bread, and countless other delectable goodies!

The staff here is friendly and if you ask nicely they will go get you warm fresh pandesal.

I have not yet visited the Philippines but in my mind, it is going to be filled with amazing little corner bakeries like Valerio's!!
I have to say that when it comes filipino pastries Valerio's is the way to go! Maybe a month ago I probably would have knocked a star for only accepting cash, but now they accept credit cards! An extra star for convenience! There are so many great pastries to choose from! From prepackaged to fresh off the oven pastries! 

Looking for a quick lunch on the go? I'd suggest their bread rolls filled with pork, chicken, and beef asado or adobo. It's really just like a sandwich in a roll. 

When it comes to their sweet delights, I'm a sucker for their bibinka, spanish bread rolls, and their cheese rolls! But! If you're craving for these delights as soon as their open, come disappointed because they're usually not freshly offered until 12 noon, or mirienda time (which is snack time in tagalog!). Their cheese rolls are filled with this cream cheese like filling with a soft, sweet, and slightly sugary outter dough. The spanish bread is a soft bread roll with a nice butter and sugar filling inside. A decent combination of bread and sugar to steer you away from diabetes or an overly sweet explosion. It's just right! The bibinka is also good! Soft breading, enough cheese, and just the right amount of salted egg slices (bibinka ain't bibinka without the salted egg slices. It's all about the slices.) 

Their empenada's, siopao, and pan de sals are great too! Best part about their pan de sals is that they come in regular, cheese, and whole wheat for variety! 

Prices for the freshly baked goods in the casings usually range from $0.75 to $2 s which i think is a good deal for an afternoon snack! Prepackaged goods are also at a decent price ranging from $3 and up with a decent amount of pieces in them,
Everything in the store is made fresh everyday. Siopao is great, they have the cheese rolls. lathered in cream cheese and cream cheese icing. Super sweet, super good. they also have turon, pan de coco, and ube, and cheese pimiento bread. So many different varieties to choose from. When you are looking for a great place for baked goods, there is nothing better than Valerio's, for authentic filipino pastries. Also check out their version of american cheese rolls. crispy flaky dough, stuffed with cream cheese. One of my favorites. I thought they only accepted cash, apparently they accept debit now, didn't bother to look when i went in a couple days ago.
I love ube anything. For those that do not know ube is purple yam, not to be confused with a purple potato. It's different texture, different taste and unlike the purple potato it really retains a bright purple color. Now, us Filipino's like Ube anything. Bread, cookies, ice cream, candy, chips, you name it - they probably make it in Ube too.

Now that you are a little bit more familiar with Ube, let me tell you about these Ube Rolls they make. They are always in the glass case and sell for only $0.75 each. Man, oh man. If you catch these freshly made, they are soft and moist and topped with butter and sugar (never a bad thing) and filled with the most delectable ube inside. It is just barely sweet but you have the sugar and butter on top to balance it out. 

Ube doesn't sound like the thing for you, you can't go wrong with their cheese rolls also sold for $0.75 each as well. These rolls do not hold up long so I suggest only buying one or two, and then plan on consuming within the next day or two.

They also have a pretty solid siapoa there. A couple of different varieties but I always go with the chicken. It's bun is soft and sweet and moist and the inside is super flavorful. They come in a package of four and as long as you keep in the fridge, they hold up pretty well. 

Now let's talk about the true staple in every Filipino's household - Pan De Sal. The perfect bread for breakfast or dinner. They are good but would be great if they carried the mini size I love so much more.

They also carry puto and every other traditional pinoy bread item you can think of. This is great place to go for fresh, authentic product.

Definitely a must try.

Dang it. Now I am craving me some Ube Rolls.
Pastries!

Not looking for one but we just happened to pass by this Seafood City location which had Valerio's. Not wanting to pass up some yummy breads and pastries we came back for it and bought Spanish bread and cheese rolls... I've only gone to one other location here in Cali, located in Vallejo, and love the smell of fresh cooked/baked pan-de-sal bread and pastries! Now we know where to go when here in Vegas! :)
I love pandesal.  Their fresh pandesal is awesome.  My mom came to visit me from the east coast where there are other filipino bakeries, but they don't make as much as this place does.  She loved the pan de ube.  Now that I think about it, I want some pandesal right now. haha!
If you are looking for Filipino pastries and grandma ain't around to whip it up, Valerio's is good option.  Red Ribbon is usually my spot, but has been getting a little mainstream these days.  Both are still good IMO.  

I never was really a sweets gut till I met my fiance, now I cannot resist getting the ube filled buns and couple of bags of pandesal.  This place also has siopao, the Filipino version of manapuas for my tropical peeps and baos for my Chinese kin.  The fillings are slightly different too and more closely related to Chinese style.

Oh and the ensemadas are on point as well.  Hard to overcome the urge for good old fashioned homeland cooking.  The trick is to buy ube ice cream and make an ice cream sandwich with the whole wheat pandesal, bam!  Instant Bliss Baby!  

Not much more to say about this place...they got you traditional bibingka, puto, buko rolls, cassava cake, leche flan, etc.  But if you are looking for halo halo, tapioca or ginataan, you may need to go elsewhere.  They may offer it at Chow King and Jollibee just around the corner inside Seafood City.  The place is real small and can only access it from the outside and is not connected to Seafood City.  

The staff is friendly, but just be cultural aware that if you are one of them, the language barrier and other cultural issues can lead to miscommunication.  I hate reading reviews where people harp about the poor customer service, yet, they are simply culturally insensitive to the way things are and expect things to be how they want it to be, i find that so selfish...you know the whole, "well you live in the U.S....learn to speak English!" mentality that is so common amongst Westerners.  Try moving to a different country and understand why they want to cut your head off on live TV...oops, its getting...its getting...its getting kinda hectic.

On a final note, ube ice cream + pandesal = peace.
This is the place to be to pick up your Filipino pastries.  My mother in law loves to pick up Pandesal from here.  Me, I always get the Ube filled one.  Shame on me, I don't know the name.  I seriously don't bother to look at the name, I just know what it looks like.  I look for a buttered up bread that says Ube. Seriously, a must try.  If you drink coffee, ooooh weee, it compliments it.  

Siaopao, or manapua us islanders call it, is delish here and they have all types of fillings.  Chicken, pork, red bean, and more, they even have the baked typed too.  

Its a really tiny place.  Every time I go in there, there is a line.  Not long at all, but it shows how small of a place it is.  Peruse, and indulge in the culture!
Delish baked goods, but the customer service is not up to par. In all honesty, I understand that it's a small shop but if the cashier didn't ring up or bag the items I placed in front of her, there has to be something wrong, right? I've experienced this more than a few times. I went back because I liked the baked goods and it's conveniently located next to Seafood City after grocery shopping.  In my opinion, customer service will make or break your business.

I like their baked goods, so I will continue to go here, I will update my review the next time I go here.
I love this bakeshop because we used to buy 'pandesal and ube" bread here all the time. I tried their cheese bread and pimiento bread like four months ago & it was awesome. So everytime I have the chance to stop by and buy some pimiento and cheese-like bread (talking about like the ube bread they're selling) its always sold out. There is this one time that Iam able to get 1 pack each but I got so disappointed because there's no cheese inside the bread..but there's cheese outside :-( .. so I thought maybe the baker just forgot to put some inside and he thought he did so I let it passed... then just yesterday I got the chance to get another pimiento bread and Iam eating it right now... well there are pimiento again on the outside of the bread when u looked at the plastic pack..iam so excited to get the first bread on top but to my dismay..as I was chewing it,oh my the first bread totally doesn't have a cheese..inside and out :-( so I threw it).. now my 2nd bread , theres cheese outside and inside..it was totally good..on my 3rd bread,only cheese outside and nothing inside... and this bread per pack are almost $4.. im not gonna crave for this anymore because I felt that I was DECEIVED for the second time with this bakeshop.

For the owner and manager:  just a piece of advice... if you like to keep your customer.. please maintain the quality of the bread even if the prices get higher that's ok because the customer will understand that but if the quality got low and not as expected as before you will lose us and your business.
Every time I come back I always make a trip to Valerios! The shop is tiny and it can get super crowded, but if you don't mind waiting it won't be a problem. My must haves are: hopia baboy, pandesal, ube roll, ube kalamay, and turon. I loveeee their ube roll! It is so good and I love the fact that they are not stingy with the ube!! Oh but I will say that lately their ube kalamay has no flavor...oddest thing because not too long ago it was really good...Hopefully it goes back to the way it was.
I've been looking for a Filipino Bakery since I moved here from FL. I'm so glad I finally found one! I am not Filipino but in FL I use to go to the bakery on the weekends to get  fresh Siopao. This reminded me of back in FL. It was hot and fresh and to me it was really delicious. I also tried this bread that had sweetened coconut in it and a type of sweet frosting (forgot the name...sorry!) on the top that was also really yummy. It actually reminded me of a Caribbean pasty my mom use to make. So that reminded me of back home in NY with my moms great cooking. : ) I really liked this place. The service was really kind and helpful too. I look forward to going back and trying more things.
Fan of their Breads. If you like Empanadas, they have chicken!.
Ordered some Bibingka. Some people could make this at home, but in this case, who got time for that when you could buy it and won't have to leave your kitchen a mess and there's no dishes to wash. I don't mind the price, and the Bibingka was a good size for 2.xx. We even asked for some extra coconut flakes, free of charge. I'm always a satisfied customer here. 

The only reason I gave this place a 4/5 stars because it's not too big. You either come here before shopping for groceries or after. But if you go after groceries, the cart has to either stay outside or force it to be inside in case some stranger try to steal your food. In our case, this is our place to shop after groceries and we always bring in our cart regardless how crowded it gets.
I used to come here almost every week just to get pan de sal and of course, buy other stuff with it like pimiento spread and leche flan. I also liked their chicken and asado pan de sal. Now I come once a month, if that. Why? The quality of their bread is not the same! More often than not, the pan de sal is hard and dry. The chicken and asado pan de sal have dark brown - almost burnt- crusts, from being left in the oven too long. By the time I get home and it has cooled, it becomes hard. I have mentioned this to them  every time I visit but nothing has changed. Other stuff I buy - mini siopao and hopia. Have you noticed they also raised prices? I think I'll look around for a new bakery.
Nice choice for Filipino fast food!
I have been to DJ Bibingkahan's twice while visiting Vegas from San Diego.  The first time I was so overwhelmed!  The amount of food you get for the price is awesome.  Really good food and not too greasy like a lot of other places.  I was craving Lechon Kawali and theirs did not disappoint... you know how at some places the lechon sauce is either too bitter or just gross?  DJ's was good.  Each time we've been there the place was always packed, but the service was still good.  Will be going back next time we're in Vegas.
Dang, I'm so FILIPINO!

My friends and I always try to go here when we're craving for Filipino food, and we're in the area. Great Filipino food for the price. It reminds me of the one back home! We always get the combo plate with two entrees and rice. If you eat in, you usually get a bowl of soup, which is usually nilaga. Too fatty if you ask me; one sip of the soup put a layer of oil on the top of my lip! YUCK, grease mustache!

One thing to watch out for here is your cholesterol! Geez! You should see the fat swimming in it! hehhe I guess that makes it good, right? 

The line could get long here during lunch time, but it tends to move fast. Also, you can have ulam to go if you don't want to cook at home! The prices are not too bad, so you don't have to cook when you get home!

Salamat, DJ Bibingkahan for always satisfying my craving for Filipino food! I just wish the dishes had more veggies...
FILIPINO!  FILIPINO!  This place is Wo-Wo-Wee!

Being Filipino, you would have thought I would have discovered this place while I was at UNLV because it's only a few blocks down on Maryland.  I didn't eat here till after I graduated from college.  Now this place is a staple for me.  You want some good, authentic Filipino food?  Grease and all?  Go here!  This place is so awesome!

When you step inside you will notice that all the food is behind the glass guard, and you ask for items just like in your local school cafeteria.  You start in the line with your tray and wait to get to the food line for your choices.  I usually get greeted with, "Hoi nakong, what do you want to eat?"  Hehe, just like my grandma back in the day.  They have so many choices it's hard to pick your favorites.  Most people just pick 2 or 3 entrees to go along with your MOUND of steamed white rice.  You got daily choices from:

-Pancit Palabok and Pancit Bihon
-Bangus (so yummy with vinegar!)
-Lumpia Shanghai
-Pork or Chicken Adobo
-Dinuguan, Kare-Kare
-Roast Lechon (gimme the crispy skin)
-Beef Steak
-Longanisa
-Pinakbet

There's lots more!  They even got BBQ sticks and stir fry for you less adventurous Filipinos.  So good....and with your entrees you get your choice of soup!  Nilaga or Sinigang....so good for cutting into the fatty pork dishes and balancing them out.  It truly is a must have with your food.  Add me some Jufran (Filipino banana ketchup), vinegar, soy sauce, and Filipino All Purpose Sauce (no joke, that's what it's called...it's for the lechon) and I'm all set!  Best of all...2 entrees, rice, and soup only set you back $4-$6 depending on what you get!  Talk about enjoying your culture!  Wash it all down with a Boba drink or some soda...there's even a complimentary ice and water dispenser for you to use.  They do catering events as well.

At the end of the line where you pay, they even have some baked good for you to eat there or take home.  They have puto (yum yum with cheese), and other things like bibingka.  You can also order a freshly-made Halo-Halo with all the fixins' for dessert!  So good with the shaved ice on a summer day!  For those not in the know, Halo-Halo ('Mix Mix' in Filipino) is a concoction with coconut, beans, corn, and jackfruit among other things and is topped with shaved ice, and evaporated or condensed milk.  Go wiki it, it tastes a lot better than it might look.  That Dale guy on Top Chef: Chicago made a version of it on the show.

Place isn't fancy or anything, but at least it's clean and tidy most of the time.  There's usually a guy walking around cleaning up all the plates and such.  But the folks working there are generally really nice and willing to help you out with the names of dishes.  Knowing a little bit of the Filipino language (Tagalog or Ilocano) but isn't necessary.  

Get your authentic Filipino eats here, you won't be sorry!  So MASARAP!
One of my favorite eating spots in Las Vegas.  

I've been to other Filipino restaurants in LV and this one by far surpasses them all.  This cafeteria style restaurant has the largest selection of Filipino cuisine.  Think of any Filipino dish....and they will have it!  It can be pretty overwhelming at first because there are just too many dishes to choose from.  I recommend going with more than 2 people so you can share different dishes.  

I usually go here during lunch and I'll be full until way after dinner.  Their two-item combos are killer with large servings...and for less than $5, you'll be more content here than eating at a more expensive restaurant on the strip.  Make sure they serve your dishes in separate bowls so you can share them around the table.  Here are just a few flavorful dishes that I've enjoyed here throughout the years:

Laing
Chicken Adobo
Lechon Kuwali 
Kare Kare 
Pork Adobo
Chicken Apritada
Paksiw na Pata 
Menudo
BBQ chicken 
Beef Caldereta
Sinigang na Baboy
Palabok
Pinakbet
Dinuguan 
Halo Halo

....and that's only scratching the surface.  They have more items laid out....all nice and hot.  Oh and let's not forget...they offer Nilaga soup with your dine-in order (by the cashier).  

Service is good...never had a problem with that.  However, cleanliness can sometimes be questionable.  The cheap prices and wide variety of great tasting authentic Filipino food explain why I've never seen this restaurant without a line.  But don't worry, the line goes pretty quick....especially when you're having trouble deciding what two items to get.  If you're ever stuck in that rut, go ahead and get three items!  Just don't expect to eat again until the next day.
Dammmmn, I'm so glad I'm in Vegas right now cause I shot off some machine guns today and tomorrow, I get to go to DJ Bibigkahan for lunch!  

It's my birthday and I'm in Vegas... now I get to have the best Filipino food at the most amazing prices ever!  This place is SO much better than the other Filipino options, I only tried the others 1 time and never went back.  It isn't a 'nice' restaurant but it's quick, cheap and DELISH!

See ya there!
I'm sorry, but I will have to give them one less star from my original rating. So why do you ask? It is plain and simple. 

The name of the place is "BIBINGKAHAN", yet there was no BIBINGKA! Ok fine there was none available in the morning. So you will have some later right? Nope, how bout tomorrow? Nope. Well that sums it up, 1 less star Mr. DeeJay. 

We are not from Las Vegas, so it made this situation a bit more sour. Oh well, maybe next year Mr. DJ.

Despite the shortcomings of the main reason we visited this place, the rest of the experience has been positive.

Restaurant has a great location. The dining room space is huge! Never do you feel cramped. You line up cafeteria style and pick what you want.  There are so many choices to pick from. All the Filipino favorites!

2 items w/rice is $5.50. 1 Item is $4.50 if I can recall. The portions are huge. I could not finish my 2 item meal. It also comes with soup.

The staff is friendly and the restaurant is clean. The food was comparable to other Filipino places, one has to keep in mind that owners of these places make popular Filipino dishes their own way. So one place might make it how you like it, while the other you will not. So it is purely subjective. But no complaints from me. 

Unfortunately no sell serve fountain soda drinks. But there is self serve water. Utensils in plastic and silverware. 

This seems like a very popular place for the Filipino locals, because people were constantly raking in. 

I would've gave them 5 full stars if the place was true to their name being a Bibingkahan. But other than that, I have only good things to say about this place. Now how come we don't have Filipino places like this here in the Bay Area.
I'm sorry, I hate to do this but, I'm 95%sure DJ's gave me food poisoning last Sat.  The reason I know... cause I'm the only one who ate the squid... everything else through-out the day was shared family-style with my friends.  I was sick, sick, sick... you don't want details.

Also, they've raised their prices... a lot.  I was bragging to all my friends about how great DJ's was and how it'd only run us 5-6$ per person... almost everyone spent @ 10$.  :*(   Plus they were 'out' of our favorite orange soda.  Nobody else really complained but, what a wreck of a group lunch outing!  DJ's let me down in several ways.

Won't see ya there anymore!
I don't really like eating out at Filipino restaurants when I know that I can get better-tasting food at home, but when you don't feel like cooking, this is an awesome place to go. I love their bopis and laing! I don't live in the Vegas area, but I always make sure to come here when I am in the area and when that Filipino food craving hits me.
Lots of choices that is for sure. This place has decent food but sometimes it is a bit too oily but then again that is how the cuisine is based on. 

Filipino food is great. However, it is never pleasant to the eyes. They never have bibingka when you want it.
-mga kababayan ko, dapat lang malaman nyo, bilib ako sa kulay ko ako ay.....pilipino
-o di va? an sarap naman! tapos gusto ko yun kapeterya style na turo-turo!
-may handang tumulong sa yo at kumuha ng order mo, walang mabagal na hintay
-an daming pagpipilian, as in super
-buti di ako nakatira sa las begas, siguro tataas cholesterol ko dito
=MURA NA MASARAP PA! TSIBUGAN NA, TAGAY PA!
If you plan a trip to Vegas and love filipino food, you must try DJ's. It's a turo-turo style restaurant and they have a WIDE selection of filipino dishes like lechon kawali, kare kare, pinakbet, pancit, dinaguan, caldereta, adobo, laing, bulaklak, etc... The list goes on! The dishes are kept well stocked since they have to accommodate long lines of people at a time. the food is never just sitting there very long because of the constant traffic they get throughout the day.

for about $6 you can get 2 entrees with rice along with their complimentary sinigang soup.  If you are a true filipino, it would be wise to get an extra order of rice. it's only 50 cents. For low carbers,,, you have no business eating here (just kidding)

Don't forget to order their melon drink or sago at gulaman! It's all good!

If you still have room at the end of your meal, try the halo-halo. You won't regret it. Instead of getting a scoop of ice cream on top, you get lecheflan instead. Mmmm!

Forgot to mention the entertainment...while you eat, you can watch the TFC channel on their flat panel TVs'. It's funny!

But seriously, I've been to many filipino restaurants around Vegas and this, by far, is the best!
Okay....since my last review, the prices did go up....about a dollar or so.  But still is worth every dime!  For the amount of food they gave me on my last visit, I still felt like a winner.....a full winner!  
Compared to most Filipino restaurants, they still have the largest selection, and they are still generous in portions...enough to share.   

I love visiting this restaurant.  It brings me back to the Philippines with their delicious authentic food and TFC on the tube!  Wowoweee!
Everytime my family comes to vegas, we eat at dj bibingka. It's good for families because it's cafeteria style & everyone can get what they want for a good price. Service is good & selection is excellent. They serve your food with a lot of rice, so for sure you'll be full.
Ok this is the reason I am giving them one star. We are not from Las Vegas, we're from the Bay Area, CA. We regularly go to Vegas and frequent this place. 

The place is called DJ "BIBINGKAHAN", but where is the motha-f-ing BIBINGKA? 

We went here 3 times in a span of 1 year and half. EACH AND EVERY TIME, they did not have BIBINGKA. We even mentioned that we were in town for a few days and would like to order one. They could not accommodate that request. This recent 3rd trip here, they still did not have the very product their place is named after. We told the person up front, in TAGALOG even, that you should change the name of the place.

Sorry, but after 3 times, and 500+ mile drive back and forth, I have a reason to complain.
If you're craving filipino food in Vegas, visit DJ.  I like how large the seating area is and even with the Vegas heat, the restaurant was cool!  Prices were fair and good!  There are lot of choices, you can't go wrong!
One of the best buffet style restaurants around Vegas. I love Filipino food and this place always hits the spot. Sooo many choices to choose from. Good desserts here too, so don't forget to order some. The service is good and the prices fair.
There really is no reason to eat anywhere else in Vegas if you're Filipino.  Well if you're in the mood for Filipino food that is.  You can eat wherever you want.

Ok, so this restaurant is a point-and-serve establishment bka cafeteria-style aka "turo-turo."  So with that in mind, make sure you try to sample everything.  You can't do Vegas in a day and you definitely can't do DJ's either.  My last time here I had Laing and Bangus.  It was pretty much off the chain.  I don't know what it is about taro leaves that brings out massive flavor.  You know what kills flavor?  The quality of the restrooms.

If you're not Filipino then you probably won't understand what's happening on the television.  Usually a game show or a soap opera is playing, but more than likely a game show.  

You will definitely leave this place full and relatively happy.  I advise you head back to your room immediately afterwards because the "-itis" hits hard when you eat here.  

Find a bed fast...
I was working in Vegas a few weeks ago, and stopped into DJ's to get my Filipino fix.  This was the highest reviewed place on Yelp, so I had to give it  shot.

First thing's first...the food is good.  Not great, but good.  I had a hard time picking between the Thai Original BBQ place next door, but at the end of the day the my ancestors called upon me and forced me through the doors into what I call "the biggest Filipino cafeteria I have ever seen".

I had the standard bbq, mongo, and palabok - all which were about 7 out of 10 stars.

The best part of the experience was the huge SHE-MAN that walked in.  Now...I'm completely straight, but I just couldn't help staring, to the point where my attention could have been misinterpreted as interest.
Except I didn't have a smile on my face, and my eyes were bulging like Arnold's Mars scene in Total Recall.

Kind of like when something smells bad, but you have to keep smelling it?  Yah...one of those situations.
Not a bad place to eat. A good variety offered at the buffet for like 7.99$
I had the breakfast buffet. The only problem with breakfast was not enough fried egg and the merienda with the buffet was only fruit. Other places i went to had ginataang bilo bilo.
1) Affordable
2) Satisfies my filipino food cravings
3) Tons of choices
4) Never disappointed

Just didn't give it 5 stars because only HALF the time I go there do they actually have the BBQ sticks. BUT

their pork adobo is consistent as well as their caldereta!!! My hubby loves their sinigang and if you're lucky to be here when the lechon kawali is fresh, it's the best quick and cheap filipino eats in Vegas! 

Also, I wish they didn't close so early. Knowing I have to fight traffic to get there in time sometimes is the deciding factor if I want it or not.
When I come to Vegas, I have to come here at least once and at most 3 times.
Lunch is the best time to come because everything is fresh and the melon drink is available.
The skewers are freaking delicious.
I love Filipino food.
This place has the best beef tapa in the city. Other favorites include the diniguan, lechon kawali, and also their tocino. I used to go to this place for lunch at least once a week when I worked on that side of town, even though it always made me late coming back! Support your local filipino business!!
I come here because the food is cheap and decent. I am a regular here. Tons of selections. The dishes aren't always consistent. It may taste good one day, and that same dish may taste different another day, but hey...its cheap.  A no-frills fast food restaurant for sure. It looks like a factory/school cafeteria inside. Sadly, there isn't that many quality turo-turo places around, so this what I will continue to eat. I like eating at Ito'y Sariling Atin in the same plaza to change up my routine.
When it comes to fast food Filipino food, there is only one place to go in town..... DJ Bibingkahan! Even when this place is packed, the line will move quick and your on your way to eating great filipino food!

Likes:

-Price!
-Wide selection of food
-Longanisa served all day

It's setup like any other quick service style restaurant (think Panda Express with one, two and three choice plates) or you can order a-la-carte. 

Nothing beats rice, longanisa and chicken adobo when your hung over after a long night of partying in Las Vegas or watching Pac-Man fight!
Mom's been wanting to pick up a bibingka from here for a while now but I always seem to but this place on the back burner. Finally took the OG's to Vegas for the first time since forever so I mentioned this place to mom and she was stoked to check it out. I enjoy navigating away from the strip because that traffic is always ridiculous. Checked the GPS and booyah were turning into the parking lot. 

All we came here for was the bibingka but they were all sold out. Fair enough we did come here later in the day so I was not surprised. Figured we grab some food to bring to the hotel room and save some money on dinner. Grabbed a combo plate for pops and waited for the rest of the family to arrive. A couple of days out in Vegas can definitely get ya craving for some rice. Everything is right on par with the Pinoy spots in San Diego.  Nothing  different from the norm.  

Is that TFC on the tv?

 Yeah now it feels like home.
came here for lunch today had their combo meals with free soup. Taste is ok not outstanding. had the grilled fish and stuffed bangus.both were dried out on the inside.Its a turo turo style so there was no service whatsoever except for them getting the food you picked.
The place could be cleaner.
We saw a whole lot of other filipino fast food style restaurant. Would try it out
This is behind Itoy Sarili Atin in favorite cafeteria/Turo-turo style, but I am a fan because certain dishes are served here that Itoy doesn't have. 

I dont know what its called (for shame! I am part flip!) but its a dish where like hearts and liver and such is diced and cooked in a light tomato sauce with onions and like peppers. My family used to cook this and they usually have that here.

 I've tried more of the "staples" and its pretty good here. This place is popular so the food gets enough turnover throughout the day. 

Only demerit, sometimes it's not so clean...like plates are just left on the table and arent picked up.
Great food for the price.  Cold halo halo during the summer is the best.  They invite celebs here for signings.  Get in early... sometimes the lines are out the door and you don't what that during the summer, for sure.
If you are looking for the full range of pinoy chow you can't go wrong. Got all the classics and then some, even got PI cable on tv. Milk fish, longanisa, adobo, pusit, etc..  Come hungry. Good portions and prices. I was going to give it a 3 star but after realizing that I'm still thinking about this place and how I want to go back, I'm bumping it up,
Cafeteria style fast food, but better than most cafeteria's I've been to.

The 2 item combo with a free soup was very filling and cheap: 3 combos with drinks, and the total came to $20.20! 

I normally have no clue what I am eating, but it's good. You really can't go wrong here. I know I have had the longanisa  and a lechon dish. Lumpia is ok also, but keep in mind they sit out a little. The rice is decent, the guys behind the counter pour the sauce of whatever I got over it so I'm satisfied.

Good quality food, excellent for the price. You could have spent that 5 bucks on McDonald's today...instead, just check yelp.
Perfect place to satisfy your home cooked Filipino food..just the way mom used to make it.  We had the 2-item $5 combo w/ rice.  I had the classics-sinigang and adobo.  And yes, it was awesome! Sinigang was on point!  Sour just the way I like it.  It's not fancy at all, but you know me...mom n pop shops is what it's about!
"hello sir, halo-halo ready"...this place is freakin great.  Nice big dinning area with some filo-filo channel on the screens.  A lot of traditional food to choose from, and you know it's good when there's a line out the door.  Coming from san diego - this place is a must visit whenever i go to vegas.
My Dad takes me here when I visit him in Vegas. This time I brought my friends with me, and none of them have had Filipino before! As soon as they got through the doors they were drooling and didn't know what they wanted.

The staff is nice, even if you aren't filipino. They have specials, and fresh desserts/treats they make- so get them while they're hot and fresh from the fryer!

Their menu isn't always the same, they usually have chicken and beef adobo, pancit, fish, fried fish, kare kare, dinuguan, etc. COMFORT FOOOOD.

If you're not familiar they will "forget" the free sinigang soup! Be sure to insist because it increases the appetite and it TASTES SO GOOD!

My friends ate it up, and were for certain they wanted to go back again. They quickly got tired of "Strip" food and insisted coming again. Will continue to return, of course :)
Can't complain about mounds of good tasting Filipino food at a very reasonable price.
Being Filipino and originally from Los Angeles, it is nice to have our own DJ here in Vegas.  DJ has all the staples, Kare-Kare, adobo, pancit, lechon and chocolate meat (a dish made with pork's blood)...lol

The prices are very reasonable, and it would be a great place to go if you have never eaten Filipino foods, for with the buffet style, you can easily explore and find out which dish you might like.

Don't forget to oreder the Halo Halo for desert, to get the full effect...
I have never been to a filipino restaurant, so I really don't have anything to compare DJ Bibingkahan to.  I am glad we have a filipino friend in the group to introduce this cuisine to us.  Though... I still am not sure what I ate.  She pretty much went up to the line and pointed at various dishes.  Next thing I know, we have a whole table worth of food for the four of us and everything tasted great!
This place actually has become a place of tradition for us Ninjas escaping for lunch, or for when we have the urge or craving to have home town islander food. This is the place where my Hawaiian got a taste of the soup and has now learned how to make it himself because he loved it so much. It is a treat for us who come here to eat. Friendly staff and lots of food or large portions. I am always satisfied. Prices are just right. I prefer lunch on a quiet week day. No lines that's why. Tee hee. I love this place!
I wasn't impressed at all. I was so excited to eat here since it's been a while since I've had Filipino food. My husband and I went there for lunch before heading back home and the meat was tough. I got the mechado and bistek and he got the chicken adobo and bistek. We also got some lumpias and BBQ. The only thing we both agreed on liking was the BBQ. The place was very outdated, the seat cushions were ripped and torn and it looked dingy to me. Plus the customer service could've been alot better. The lady who put our order together seemed nice enough but the guy who rang up our order didn't even crack a smile. When we do visit  Vegas again, I wouldn't come back here. I gave it 1 star for the BBQ. Wish we went somewhere else. Very  disappointing and forgettable visit.
This place was pretty good.  Cafeteria style with a good selection and prices were good too!  $4.99 for a single order and $5.99 for two.  I got the pork adobo and sinigang soup and that was better than expected!

They also have longganisa and garlic rice at the end :), I wanted to try that but changed my mind last minute.
Yuuuuuuuummmm!!!

Being Chinese with very traditional parents, I didn't grow up eating Filipino food but eventually gained an appreciation for it on my own back in high school.  So ever since I moved away from home (Guam), I've been on a mission to find some Filipino food that would remind me of where I first discovered my love for it.

Inexplicably, the ones closest to me (in Carson, Torrance, etc.) all close very early, ranging from 5pm to 7pm.  And you never get fresh food if you go in right before closing.  So imagine my delight when hubby and I were in Vegas for his 40th bday celeb and we searched (and found) some highly lauded places.  We randomly picked BJ Bibingkahan and were so glad we did.

The place doesn't look like much...you walk in and it's got the food bar where you order your plate and the it's a pretty sizeable dining room with a few scattered TV's playing Tagalog dramas and variety shows.  

Although I'm very familiar with some of the foods, I still felt intimidated by the sheer size of the selection here at DJ Bibingkahan.  However, the friendly staff set us at ease, providing us with recommendations and samples.  We ended up over-ordering like we usually do at a new place and got the following:

- Kare-kare (w/ the requisite bagoong on the side):  This version uses pigs feet.  It was delicious but I prefer mine with oxtail and tripe.  
- Lechon kawali: This was really why we were there.  I could feel my arteries clog up but I'm sure the Diet Pepsi took care of cleaning the pipes!
- Diniguan:  Hubby's first time trying this...minerally and delicious, containing mystery meats and organs.
- Sisig:  Chopped pork, fat, skin in a vinegary sauce.  My fave!!
- Palabok: This version was premade with thicker noodles.  They had some chopped lechon on top and it was still pretty bomb a few hours later in the hotel
- Fried banana lumpia:  Surprisingly light due to using younger (tangy) bananas.  Addicting!

We are definitely going back next time. Forget the strip: you can't beat the prices/selection/service here!
Another buffet that you should try!
In an effort to expand my horizons and tickle my international palate, this week, I decided to up my game a bit and go Filipino! 

It's no secret that one of my closest friends is Filipino, and I always joked with her that someday, I'd eat the food that is native to her country. 

Today, with some of my co-workers, we hit up DJ's. I don't really know what I ate, outside of the Pork Adobo and the spicy sausage, but I can assure you that this place is legit.

Everything is served Panda Express style. Leave your health freaks at home. Also, leave your pretentious bitches at home. This is the kind of place where you bring the type of people who know all forms of culture (whether it's fine dining, or ghetto-tastic ethnic).

You get a plate of rice, and two choices of entrees. "Free soup" as the server happily announces....and everything runs you about $6. Not bad at all.

The Pork Adobo was damn flavorful! The other stew that I had, was made out of a peanut style sauce and makes my mouth water from just thinking about it.

Las Vegas....you know how to cater to the ethnics.

Pinoy Power!
While visiting Vegas, my pregnant self craved for filipino food. After a long search, we have found this restaurant and boy, this place cook real filipino food.  
We had their soup, pansit, chicken adobo and eggroll..
The employees definitely render good customer service and that's always a plus. 
Another great thing about this place, they give you big amount of food for cheaper price. "D
Clean and well-lit. Wide selection of Filipino dishes.
I've known about this place for well over 6-7 years but NEVER ate there before and now I REGRET it. I use to work down the street from it years ago. they are right beside a Thai BBQ place and, I'm sorry to say, when given an option between Filipino food or Thai food, I'm going to choose Thai every time. Silly me.

This place was AMAZING though. I've eaten at 2 OTHER Filipino restaurants before and this place beats them in service and portion easily. The restaurant, as ALL Filipino restaurants usually are, is a lunch line style setting where you pick out what you want from behind glass/railing and place it on a tray. The waitress/server was very nice and even gave me a discount (it seemed). Whenever I go to places like this, I like to order the fish because it's hard to find a whole fish cooked for you for so cheap. I ordered 2 whole pieces of fish w/ 3 scoops of rice and she even threw in a FREE soup ALL for only $9-$10!!! Now the review:

The Rice: Same as everywhere else just plain white rice but it was cooked well.

The Fish: They seemed to have 3 different fish options in the line. I got the one with tomatoes, garlic, and ginger (I think). The fish was mostly deboned and the meat was great. The tomatoes/ginger sort of had an overpowering taste. But hey they give you free fish sauce upon request so that was good. Most places give you only 1 fish for $10 but this place gave me 2 for $9!!!

The soup: Some type of homemade concoction with tomatoes, green beans, broth, other stuff I can't remember. The soup was OK  but the tomato/salty taste was a bit much. I felt like I had to drink a lot of water afterwards to get the taste out.

The Drinks: My only REAL complaint. I asked for a water and they literally handed me a bottle of water. No filtered water with lemon and ice in a cup, just a bottle. It didn't help that I noticed the water they gave me was the CHEAPEST water you can buy at Wal-Mart. That "Nestle Pure Life" crap that my wife buys EVERY TIME we go to Wal-Mart only because it's the cheapest. It seems like they only have BOTTLED/CANNED drinks which I'm sure they charge and arm and a leg for. Where is the soda dispenser???

So, all-in-all I'd suggest it for the price/portions but don't expect a REVELATION.
I just recently discovered Filipino food and fell totally in love. We actually live in the North Las Vegas area and there aren't any Filipino restaurants.That day we were heading out that way with family and thought we could try this place out since it had a lot of good reviews. I must say, we all weren't impressed at all. 
The location is very big and bright but its very old and didn't look very clean. The food was very very greasy, more than other Filipino places I have tried so far. The pork adobo was super dry and didn't have so much flavor. My brother in law ate just a little bit of his food and then didn't touch it. He said it tasted like it had been sitting out there for 3 days. 
It was a sad time and we all left very unsatisfied. I finished my sour soup and had some of the adobo but overall didn't have an enjoyable experience.
Well you need to realize that you're not going here for the ambiance. Cafeteria style with not much character besides whatever is being blasted out of the televisions. But the food is definitely worth it!

The pork adobo was flavorful and tender. The best part is pouring the adobo juice over your rice- delicious! The pansit was very tasty as well. My only disappointment was that they were out of lumpias when I went. I was stoked with the friendly service and a huge plate of food for just under $8.
Socal tourist here, went down to Vegas for vacation with the fambam and the first thing we do is go eat, and what do we eat? Filipino food (if you haven't noticed my sarcastic tone yet I'm Filipino). We drive all the way down to Vegas and the food we eat right away was Filipino food -_-; well that's what I thought.

Boy was I definitely hit by a truck. The food here was amazing. I don't know of many good Filipino in Socal other than good ol home cooked dishes, but this place is definitely authentic. I got their bistek and pork adobo and it tasted real; tasted just like my dad's cooking AND at a great price (was 4.99 or something for 2 dishes + rice + a cup of sinigang). I do NOT like sinigang, or any "sour" soup of any sorts but I went ahead and ate/drink theirs. Omg, was I hit by a train this time. Their sinigang was SO good. Not too sour and the taste was so gooooooooooood. Their portion sizes were good enough at the cheap price it's at.

The place looks a bit old and it's not packed. There's plenty of space and plenty of food; however, not too many choices in terms of drinks. I don't think they even have halo halo either (I didn't check for bibingka either).

This place deserves at least 4 out of stars. Great AUTHENTIC Filipino food and a great low price that isn't too busy. I will definitely go here whenever I go to Vegas, even if it's not with my family.
I was really excited to come here for lunch because 1) I rarely eat Filipino food in Minneapolis and 2) I was introducing two friends to Filipino food for the first time. Like other DJ's, the set-up is cafeteria style. We got a ton of food; my mom got a little too excited treating her baby to "home-cooked" Filipino dishes. The food itself is just OK; nothing really stood out except for the longganisa. The other dishes varied from being a tad too salty, or maybe a little greasy. In a pinch, it'll work. Just pour all that sodium over rice and you're good to go. However, I've definitely had better.
This place is awesome! (Sarap ng mga ulam) "delicious food"  at a great price. Great Filipino hospitality! When in Vegas,  forget the strip, go to DJ's bibingkahan for delicious Filipino food.
Back in 2004 i was a big fan of Dj Bibingkahan , i go here at least twice a week, but i stopped going here when they opened Sariling Atin ( Next Door ) they have  better food , great service! i havent visit this restaurant since 2006. so i dont know how's the taste of there food now...
Great Home Style Filipino Food...Come here twice a Month....:)
I feel bad about doing this (most of my reviews are 5 stars), but we ordered several viands from DJ's & all of them were grease factories with a bit of food in them. I don't remember flavor. I remember grease. There was so much grease on my lips I didn't need to put on lip gloss. Srsly I've tasted much better food in the Philippines - from  places that charge like $3 per meal.

It's 'Filipino' to treat your friends/fam when they're in town, to drive them around, take them somewhere nice for a meal. DJ's is most probably where you would take them - if you secretly kind of hate them, for whatever reason (maybe they 'forgot' to reimburse you that $400, or they're spreading rumors about your spouse, or something).

To homesick kabayans, don't waste your $ if you're looking for flavor or quality, or anything decent. You're better off eating Asian food from elsewhere & watching Wowowee at home.
A lot of good selections and conveniently near by where I live. Can't go wrong.
If you are looking for good no fuss filipino food this is the place...do not expect food catered to non-filipino patrons and spruced up restaurant...RJ gave good service behind the counter...i will definitely come again when i come back to Las Vegas...
If you want some AUTHENTIC Filipino Food this is def the place to go- I'm not going to lie, being in Restaurant Management this place could be a little cleaner but the food taste make up for it not to mention it is an older building. Service is not bad either. My grandparents have been going here for years as have I. Whenever I'm craving my home food and on this side of town(rarely) I hit this place for some good ol' flip grubbin.
The Panda Express of Filipino fast food. I been coming here since high school. they have more selections than the comparable Filipino restaurants around. I love coming here for breakfast because everything is fresh! I just wish they renovate the place or maintain it. Food is good but I'm just skeptic about what goes on in the back and overall cleanliness of the place. I'm from the Philippines tho so I don't mind much but for American standards it's something to think about.
This place has been here forever. I love this place, such a large selection. Big inside, lots of seating. Good food.
First timer here, had a great variety and large portions for a family of 5 with rice included. Will recommend to any Filipino food lover.
I don't know about this place...

Food looks good, taste good and all..

But the restaurant itself is sooo outdated and gross. We saw a bum just sitting, walking around, touching everything in the restaurant.. I say this because he smelled so foul!!! I'm sure that's not the first time they've let a homeless person just chill in their restaurant .. Seats are ripped and tapped up, tables are wobbly, EVERYTHING just looks old and dusty ..

The restaurant needs some serious TLC but their food never disappoints .. Bittersweet feeling.
I was so exited to see a filipino place in North Las Vegas.  I have been begging my husband to take me out for filipino food forever.  Finally I just went by myself to get some lumpia after drooling over the online menu for the last couple of days.  Okay so I'm not a flip but the place smelled like my mother-in-laws house, and that got me even more exited for the food.  I only ordered lumpia which flooded my whole car with the delicious smell all the way home.  I know I'm not much of an expert when it comes to filipino food but this stuff was awsome.  Not like mother-in-laws cooking, but still good.
This restaurant is near my relatives place in North Las Vegas across the Albertson's on Ann Rd and Simmons.  When you walk into the small and cozy place,  it's got a nice homey feel and smell.  They have a Filipino channel on TV most of the time.  If that popular Filipino game/variety program  Wowowee" is on, the whole place is watching.  The furniture is far from fancy. There are Filipino newsletters and advertisements on a rack.The people behind the counter are ready to dish their cafeteris stylle Filipino fast food, or  you could order from their menu and eat here or take out.  The prices are decent with a two item combo plate for $5.00. As you order, the customers watch the TV hostess's do her thing,  with botox-ed overly made up face and whiny voice. We get the food to go.  

We had the pancit (stir fried noodles with small pieces of veggies and meat), lumpia (filipino egg roll) and halo halo (milk, candied fruit, ice cram, and crushed ice).  They were all decent. But as another reviewer wrote, all of their cafeteria items had fat and gristle in some of their pork and beef, and I don't like that at all. I would prefer they trim most of that junk out and charge a higher price.  It's quality that makes me come back.  I don't know if I will for their fast food. I will  come back for their halo halo though it's still not as good as the Goldilocks version. So if you are in the area and you need your Filipino food fix, this is an okay substitute before you get the real thing.  Compared to my mom's and friends' cooking, it's just okay,  Also, I am just not a fan of cafeteria style fast food that sits and wilts.
I had high hopes for this little Filipino restaurant, but it just doesn't cut it.  It is like a panda express with filipino food.  
The Good:
It was fairly inexpensive.
the food was authentic.
The sausage was excellent.
The bad:
The food in the warming trays were not freshly cooked.  
The place had carpet on the floor and it was pretty dirty.
They charge $1 for debt cards under $10.
They did not have pork adobo-that is only a special on a certain day?
The chicken adobo was mostly fragments of bones with a little meat on them.  

I would pass on this place.  Not trying to disparriage a family owned restaurant - but they just don't have it together.
Well, I can't honestly say I know what Filipino food is "supposed" to taste like, but I've eaten here a few times and it has been tasty. Today I had tapsilog, which was good except for one piece of grisly meat. Previously I've tried their adobo and skewers which were very good. Overall, I still like the tapsilog from Aloha Kitchen better and the adobo from Elenas, but this is good too.
I remember coming here the first few days it had opened.  For a place that is called Pancit Adobo, you'd you'd think they'd at least get those two dishes right. Pancit and adobo are two signature Filipino dishes that you cannot mess up.  If you cannot master those two, I'm a bit hesitant on trying anything else.

So thank you, but no thank you...
I'm sorry to the previous reviewers that don't like this place as much as I do. 

Yes, despite the name, I do not get the pancit, or the adobo, so I have no comment on those...

What I do enjoy there is the PINAKBET! It is one of the tastiest, flavor filled, soupy, soft, and delicious dishes that I have had! Almost better than my Aunt's in Hawaii... BUT NO ONE can beat the goodness of a home cooked meal.

I also frequently get the lumpiang shanghai and the barbecue (or skewers) which I happen to think are amazing as well.

The workers are friendly, and I think it's great there's finally some Filipino food in the North side of Vegas.
i didnt like this place at first.  but as months passed by and i didnt wanna drive all the way to maryland parkway for some decent filipino food i gave it another shot.  and im glad i did, the food was fresh, especially the lechon kuwali, they cut it fresh right when you order it.

and next time you go, order the pancit palabok.  best i've had. they use thin noodles which i love.
This place reminds me of the Philippines...in a bad way.  I'd like to lead off with this disclosure: I love to visit the Philippines, it's a mostly gorgeous country, and the people are top notch. With that stated, my experience with businesses in the Philippines is pretty consistent: "the customer is always wrong".  This was also my experience at Pancit Adobo.

I ordered the Arroz Caldo to try the breakfast dish.  For $4.99, you get a delicious soupy rice and chicken dish and coffee.  Well, that's what you are supposed to get.  Instead, I was given a different Arroz Caldo meal (about $6.25) and was charged an extra $1.00 for the instant coffee.  I decided to discuss the matter with the person at the cash register.  The discussion went nowhere.  I then used a visual aid...the restaurants advertised breakfast special that was hanging on the wall.  With my finger, I pointed at their advertisement.  I was told that even though the sign said "$4.99 breakfast includes coffee" and Arroz Caldo was the very first item listed, it was really the dishes that were under the Arroz Caldo that were for $4.99.  What???

I liked the Arroz Caldo.  It was freshly cooked.  The coffee was fine.  Most of the dishes they offer are pre-cooked, out on display.  If you like your Filipino food fresh, this may not be the place for you.  If you like businesses that honor their own advertised prices, this may not be the place for you.  If you long for the experience of "the customer is always wrong"...you've struck gold here.
I successfully ordered the breakfast special today.  This time, for $4.99, I had the filipino spaghetti.  For those who have never eaten filipino spaghetti, the sauce is quite sweet, and has a mix of ground beef and hot dog slices.  

Thanks to my wife, who had not given up on this place even though I did.  She has consistently scouted out Pancit Adobo, and has concluded that it's best to eat there in the morning, when the food is first put out fresh.  

I can say that it was busy this morning.  Heck, I even saw an employee from Panda Express eating there.
My familiarity with Filipino food is limited to what my Filipino friends have either shared or recommended to me-- Pancit and Lumpia.

Given that, I have never been into a foreign-food restaurant in the Las Vegas area that basically only catered to people who are already very familiar with the food and the language. 

The menu didn't have any English descriptions (except for the description of Filipino Spaghetti) and I had no clue what anything was except for what I already knew-- Pancit (although there were two different kinds and I didn't know the difference) and Lumpia.

I glanced at the food on the Panda Express-style serving line and decided to skip it because most of the trays were either scraped empty or the food looked like it had dried out. So I scanned the menu and decided to order both the pancit and the lumpia. The young man at the register was extremely polite and explained some of the foods to me without coming off as condescending, or making me feel like an idiot! 

The Pancit came out piping hot and tasted just as amazing as it smelled! I also got way more than I expecting for the price. They nearly overflowed my to-go box with hot and delicious pancit!

On the other hand, the lumpia smelled and tasted like it had been fried, refrigerated and then fried again. The inside was extremely dry and chewy and the outside looked and tasted burnt. I ended up only eating 2 of the 10+ pieces of lumpia.

Overall, I definitely wouldn't recommend this to my non-Filipino friends because I wouldn't want them to feel as lost and out-of-place as I did. And I wouldn't recommend this place to my Filipino friends because I only tried two things from this place one of which sucked, the other I'm no connoisseur of anyway, I just know what I think tastes good.
You have to try their arroz caldo with tokwa't baboy!

I come here for one thing, their chicken and rice porridge! with tofu and deep fried pork with skin soaked in soy sauce/vinegar sugar mixture with green onions and garlic pepper sauce.

I like my chicken rice porridge with a generous side of lemon juice and fish sauce. The only way  I would eat it.  My coworker loves their sago and their turon.

This is like home away from home, except my momma, is about a mile down the road, (this place almost wanna make me slap her silly) (i love you mom , just kidding!!) =)
this place isn't too bad!! if you're craving some homemade filipino cuisine, this is the place to go!! i found this place about 2 months ago and i've been there at least once a week ordering the pancit bihon, lechon kawali and fried chicken skin... i know fried chicken skin sounds gross, but it is DELICIOUS!!!! the price isn't too bad there, but getting the fried chicken skin at least twice a week for $5.99 + tax isn't cheap!!! it adds up!! LOL - well... what can i say?!?! it's worth it!!!
I just recently discovered Filipino food and since then I have cravings every now and then. One of those cravings took me to Pancit Adobo which is closer to where I live. This is a small place with an OK selection of Filipino food. Most of the stuff they have is already cooked and set in a buffet type of thing  behind the counter. You pick what you want, they put it on a plate and ready set eat :) I had some type of a green soup, which tasted wonderfully vinegary and also a portion of their chicken Adobo, which was very good as well. I can see myself going to this place more often. The staff was very friendly and let me try the soup before I ordered it.
this resturant was pretty close to where i live so it was one of the first choices for dinner that night and it was a pretty good choice the location was easy to find and the staff was friendly and the place was pretty clean ....the food was good aswell ....but i fear that i could make most of this food and save me the gas .....so it deserves 3 stars
Nice atmosphere, but TFC (The Filipino Channel) on the tube set on VERY LOUD quickly ruins the good vibes for me.  I start to wonder what the non-Filipino customers think of the shows' quality, but then I recall Judge Judy, Montel, COPS, etc., that air on TV and I don't feel so embarrassed.

Food are set out buffet-style or "turo-turo" (you point at the food you want), and I quickly learn that the daily lunch specials' menu printed and displayed on an easel outdoors by the entrance doesn't accurately depict what you're going to find served indoors.  Friday's menu listed a dish that wasn't offered bec. apparently it was served the day before and another dish was offered in its place.  (Why even bother printing out a menu if you're not going to stick to it?  Guess I better call ahead before making the trip from Laveen.)  One dish stood out, and I asked the server if it contained any meat, to w/c he replied just "ginataang kalabasa" (aka squash simmered in coconut milk).  I was starving, and aside from the "bistek" (pan-fried slices of beef steak) and "pritong tilapia at galungong" (fried tilapia and scad), nothing much interested me here.  So for my lunch combo, I chose fried tilapia and rice w/ squash, green beans, and okra simmered in coconut milk for my veggies.  

I was having a good time eating my lunch until I noticed that there were shrimp (allergy) in the squash dish... The server apparently was not aware it had meat in it, could not verify if it was shrimp, and had to ask the owner/cook to confirm.  I thought this an unacceptable practice; it's a good thing for him that I am not a vegetarian, and a very good thing for the venue's cook/owner that I am not deathly allergic to shrimp, at least not yet.

The owner/cook gladly replaced the squash dish for beef steak (w/c tasted fine, albeit salty and VERY greasy), although my original buffet server was not pleased.  This irked me- what does it matter to him that she replaced a dish bec, he was negligent of the original's ingredients?  Perhaps he felt embarrassed that he couldn't even tell there was shrimp in it, but why show discontent?  Oh, he really made my blood boil!  

I'll try to visit again to try other lunch specials and see if the service improves.  Otherwise, I may just spend my money at Jeepney Bistro and Lumpia Factory down the road (where my eardrums won't be tormented by untalented comics on "Wowowee").  I do have one positive thing to say about Gingerroot- its rice was whiter, fluffier, and better in quality than that of Lumpia Factory, w/c was yellowed, drier, and just plain sorry-looking enough for me not to take home to re-hash in "sinangag" (rice fried with garlic... yum!).

I do hope that the dinner service and menu are several times' better than that of lunch... Menu prices made me laugh... Gingerroot's ambience definitely places it at the top of the list of all the other Filipino venues in Chandler if you're on a date, but I'd very much dislike the experience if I'm forced to listen and watch TFC and have buffet food at those prices!
Took my dad here to hang out and enjoy what they had to offer since there really isn't any good Filipino restaurants around here. 

The place itself was in a "dead" location, bad for business if you ask me. It's hidden in a plaza where no one will bother to look. The inside was setup well and the service wasn't bad. 

Personally, I can't stand watching the tele while I'm eating. I like eating my meals without the distraction of broadcasters on the tube. It was very loud and annoying. 

The food was good, but it was OVERPRICED!! I was surprise at how much the Halo Halo ($5) was. 

I liked how they presented the food though. It was very catchy to the eye and it made it separated itself from the typical Filipino restaurants in the valley. 

So if you've never been to a Filipino restaurant try this one if you're not a tightwad.
Me and my BFF went there for lunch today and discovered a small out of the way (hidden in a strip-mall thousands pass by every day and never know its there and what they are missing) A little piece of The Philippines! the atmosphere is friendly and un pretentious, So go and have fun ! and try the HALO HALO for desert!
Located right behind the Chase Bank (across from Safeway) on Chandler Blvd and Alma School Road. 

I stopped in after having gone to the Jeepney Bistro (of which I walked right out of considering it was buffet style, didn't look fresh & they didn't have lumpia, pancit OR adobo. Seriously?! What kind of filipino restaurant doesn't have those 3 basic dishes after 4pm?) GingerRoot is family owned and operated and the staff was very friendly. The restaurant itself was very clean and welcoming with white linen table clothes. 

I ordered (To Go) the Chicken Adobo, the Pancit Canton and the Lumpia (soooo very delicious!). The food was FRESH and the servings were large. Each dish was more than enough for 2 people. My only regret is that I didn't know about this place sooner. I have been driving past it twice a day, every day for the last year and a half. I will certainly be a regular customer here.
WTF. This place has been here for how long and I've never known? It's hidden in the shopping center behind Wells Fargo. Now I have to warn you: I don't really know my Filipino food since I've only tried it a few times at people's homes, but never in a real restaurant.. so I'm gonna try my best.

The gentleman greeted me at the counter and I didn't see a menu of any kind and it was obvious it was my first time there.
He explained to me that there is buffet style, where I can choose my items and it comes with rice, or I can pick selections from the menu. It's incredibly fresh and hot Chicken Adobo and Pancit Canton ($23+tip) were perfect and I had lots to take over from leftovers. Very very authentic. 

The large flatscreen tv is in the corner of the room and looks like it's set on TFC (filipino game channel??). Kinda hilarious to watch, but gets old after a while.

Good stuff...
Oh man, came here and brought the family... It took forever to get service and food, it felt like we spent hours here. Turns out the waiter was the only person running ALL the tables, plus he was cooking. No wonder. Great food but they need to hire more help! it took so long for the entire experience that baby started crying.

Next time I am calling ahead to order a pick up. The super long wait and loud blasting tv just gave me a freakn' migrane.
This is just a rating based on their SUNDAY BUFFET AND SERVICE alone so i can only imagine how their food is outside of that...

the variety they have for a breakfast buffet, in my opinion obviously is perfect. you have plenty of meat choices (usually Spam, longanisa, corn beef), eggs, fish, garlic rice, just to name a few (go and see for yourself)...all in all its a perfect and plentiful mix...brings back memories to the good old days waking up to food just like this that my moms used to make...

If you have $8.95...go...and make sure you come hungry...
Are you craving a Filipino breakfast on a Sunday morning?

If so, you have to go to GingerRoot.

They have an all-you-can-eat buffet of Filipino-style breakfast items for $8.95, and that includes your choice of drink.

I usually start off with arroz caldo (rice porridge) accompanied by tokwa't baboy (fried tofu with onions and pork in a soy sauce based sauce).  That usually gets my juices flowing and prepares me for the amazing meal to come.

There's a pretty extensive layout of breakfast dishes including:

eggs
garlic fried rice
steamed rice
salted egg with tomatoes
dried fish
longanisa
tocino
tapa
 + some items that slip my mind right now.

They even have spam and corned beef hash for those who are into that kind of stuff.

When my family gets together on a Saturday night, and someone suggests that we get up early the next day and eat at GingerRoot, we are all always down to go.

Give it a try..
Tried this place out on a Saturday night: had the sisay (a crispy pork with onions and green chillies) and spare ribs, and it was really good food.  You can taste the freshness of the ingredients, and it was prepared quickly by the waiter that was also the cook.  We were the only people in there, although several people came through for to-go orders.  Will definitely try their breakfast buffet some Sunday.
The boyfriend and I found this place after stopping for milkshakes at the new Rally's built in front of it.  We saw the sign, drove by, and thought, "Well, this place sure doesn't look too busy!"  So we made plans to come back and try it for real, as both of us are rather adventurous in general when it comes to food.  We looked up the menu online, so we knew what type of food it was, and an idea of how to proceed.

No one was there when we arrived except for the waiter, who was, apparently, also the cook.  He had us sit wherever we wanted and took our drink order promptly.  I had the ice tea, and my boyfriend the water.  We perused the menu for a while, still, trying to make up our minds.  We settled on the appetizer beef ribs, crispy chicken "gingerroot style" (half portion) and a crispy pork dish with green chiles and onions on a sizzling platter.

The beef ribs were really tasty!  They were tender and the sauce served with them was quite good.  The chicken was juicy and the sauce served with it added a delightful flavor.  The crispiness of the chicken was just right (not too much breading, and it had a taste of its own).  The pork was really good as well.  It comes with a fried egg on top, and the meat is served "crispy" which gives it a somewhat "sticky" texture, but it was delicious and full of flavor.  My boyfriend enjoyed putting some of the sauce for the beef ribs on the pork as well.

Overall, the food was delicious.  Our waiter was courteous - neither hovering nor disappearing.  The large television was much preferable to watch than the dreary weather outside.  The ambiance of this little place is adorable and snug.   It may be a little hard to find as it is hidden behind the new buildings (Rally's and the Sweet Shop) but it's worth the effort!  The only suggestion I have is that more people visit here!
First time at Gingerroot and we ordered the fried spring rolls, beef caldereta, and dinuguan.  All the dishes came out in family style portions which was nice because we were starving. 

The spring rolls came out nice and hot, just the way I like them. The dipping sauce was delicious as it had a nice balance between salty, sweet, and spicy. 

The beef caldereta reminded me of plain beef stew and the beef chunks were a lil on the tough side. This dish was just ok. 

Now the dinuguan disappointed me because it turned out to be a pork dish made with blood. The description on the menu said it was pork in brown gravy.  I'm not Filipino so I was expecting what the menu described. Well to me there is a big difference between brown gravy and blood. I'm not fan of dishes made with blood so I finished what I put on my plate and couldn't eat anymore.  The menu was misleading on this entree.  I think I'm gonna try the chicken adobo next time.
Great food. Seems authentic. All the people seemed native.
First visit review.

I ordered the crispy pata and fried short ribs.  My first time having the pata, all I knew of it was how good everyone says it is when I read Filipino restaurant reviews.  And fried ribs?  C'MON!!!

While waiting for the food, I sat at one of the tables.  This place has a charm.  I guess it was because the lights were dimmed and this really mellow music was playing on a good sound system they have.  The tv was on but was practically muted.  Nice and warm in there.  Clean.  A great place to bring a date for dinner. 

I was also the only person in there.  The whole 20 minutes I was waiting, no one else came in.  In fact, unless you knew the place was over there in its little corner, you'd think nothing was there but closed up businesses.  They are in a horrible spot.  The only way you'd see it is if you were coming out of the Rally's drive-thru, and by then you're set for food anyway.

Food was ready and came up to bout' $25...pricey.  But whatever, I knew it would be thanks to their menu being available on the net, WITH the prices...something I really like.  Got it home and I see why it costs so much.  HUGE pan full of crispy pig.  The menu says its pork knuckles...that made me laugh cause my cuz is always saying "I'm having mooseknuckles tonight." when he knows he ain't having a good dinner.

Anyway, wow.  Crispy pork is just...correct.  Tender meat under all that crispy skin, and lots of knuckles to suck on.  Regardless of how silly the end of that last sentence seems, the fun comes in sucking the meat from between the knuckles.  

The short ribs.  There were only 4 pieces for $9.  Not a value.  They were dry, but that's how they are supposed to be.  I don't see you getting these any better, and the taste was great.  The sauce that comes with it really kicks and may be a bit much for some, but it def adds something to the dry meat.  I'm on the fence about this, plus it costs way too much.  Wouldn't get again.

The place is a bit more upscale than other Filipino restaurants I've been to and setup really nice.  I will be ordering from here again for dinner, as well as going further up in the day to see how things differ.  Take your sweetie here.
Was invited to try this restaurant last night with some of their friends from Wyoming. This was my first time to a Filipino restaurant in Arizona.

 We started off with their lumpia shanghai and fried calamari. I've had better lumpia but it was still tasty. The calamari was huge and tentacles thick and meaty, good workout for those jaw muscles. The sauce for the calamari and fresh and flavorful.

Since there were six of us, we decide that each person would order one dish. We ended up with two orders of chicken adobo;  pancit bihon, one with chicken and other with pork; beef caldareta and lechon kawali.
Each order were enough for two people. 

Let's start with the chicken adobo. I wasn't a fan of this dish because the chicken looked overcooked and the sauce was almost like water. The pancit was just like I remembered when I was growing up. It would have tasted a lot better if the meat was shrimp. The beef caldareta was very good with shreds of meat soaking in the sauce which I scooped up and placed on my rice. The lechon was yummy, crunchy on the outside with some fatty portion between the meat and skin which tried and decided to cut the fat out.

For dessert, I had the Flan which was really DENSE. Chuck had the turon with ice cream which he devoured. His wife shared the Halo Halo which I had a spoonful and it was delicious.  

The service was a little slow, but we didn't mind because we were all engaged in conversation. All the tables had tablecloths. There was a table of four enjoying their meal. Even though the TV was on Filipino channel, the volume was turned way down. Nice cozy place to have a good filling meal.
We love this place!  The food is great and so are the owners!  Sunday morning breakfast buffet is excellent!
Tried this place tonight,   I had the fried flounder, originally ordered tilapia but after  placing the order was told they were out. The teenager  working there, was extremely shy, and  difficult to hear what he was saying. My dining compadre had the chicken inasal. The fish was fried perfectly but very small, no side veggies.  The chicken was simply grilled,  but too pink for me.  Never was checked on again by waiter, not offered more tea, or coke. Had to flag him down to get a splenda. It was not busy in there and food took 35 mins to get out then had to flag him down again to get the check.  No excuse to ignore patrons.
I went for the first time today for their Sunday All-You-Can-Eat Brunch and it was EXCELLENT! Ang sarap! They had everything from tapa to tocino to arroz caldo and longganisa. I cannot wait to return and try some of the items on the lunch or dinner menu.
Pancit palabok here is best outside of the Philippines. Anyone can enjoy a quiet peaceful dinner on a Friday night
If you want tasty meat, eggs, and rice for brunch, this is your place!  We went here for Sunday brunch for the buffet, and left very full!  There were a plethora of marinated meats, some Asian style sausage, fried eggs, 1 soup and 1 rice porridge.  You have the option of fried rice or steamed rice, and there was orange juice and water available.  I ordered an ice tea, which was very refreshing and tasty.  

The marinated meats were tender, with a slight sweet taste.  If you want any additional condiments, there is a condiment bar to the side where the water and juice pitchers are.  There were bowls of onions marinated in what looked like soy sauce, green onion, vinegar, and what appeared to be some fried onion chips.

In general, the buffet was good, and while all the meat and rice was great, I would've liked to see some more veggies.  I think this is more of a reflection of Filipino cuisine though than the actual buffet selection.

Buffet: $8.95 per person
Ice tea: $3.00
A friend and I went for lunch today to Gingerroot.  They had what looked like a buffet but they called it 'combination' (means it is not all-u-can-eat), though you could do the a-la-carte menu.  They had about 7 options at the buffet-looking counter - all contained 'meat' (shrimp, pork, chicken, fish, etc).  I had the Laing (coconut milk w/ shrimp and taro leaves w/ pork bits) and the Chicken Adobo.  The lady (maybe the owner) was very friendly and was very welcoming and even gave us little plates to sample whatever we wanted to sample before we ordered - that was really helpful!

I absolutely LOVED my chicken adobo - it had so much flavor that I found myself sucking on the chicken fat just to get more of that flavoring.  Sadly, after I devoured the chicken, I started on the Laing and found I could not stomach it....at alllll.  I drank some water and gave it another shot.. nope, not going down.  I think it was the stark flavor difference between the chicken and the Laing that made my nostrils pick up something in the Laing that just did not appeal to me.. maybe it was the fishyness of the shrimp, or maybe the slight tang/bitterness of the taro leaves... or the smell of pork fat mixed with coconut milk.... not sure, but when I taste-tested it earlier, i was excited to eat it... after the chicken, I couldn't even smell it .. something was so off-putting.  How odd is that?  Anyway, i can't hold that against them - I approved it after tasting it at first... I guess something was obviously off with me.

The bill was cheap (7ish or so for me) .. and I took a Turon to go (banana/jackfruit/wrapped in rice paper and fried to a crips/topped with browned sugar) ... so yummy!

I would return becuase the service was great - friendly, not stingey with portions (generous), educational, genuine; and the chicken was stellar.. plus the other dish my friend got was also super tasty.. so I know there's more there I could definitely try next time.
You must get the Lumpia Shanghai and the Chicken Adobo - SO WORTH IT.  See posted pictures.
Nice mom and pop type place.  Food is made fresh but takes a while.  You access the only bathroom by walking through the kitchen and heading toward the back.

Dining room has a large television with Filipino TV playing all day.  That was kinda entertaining.

I would definitely go here again.
Just like home!!! Now that I have moved far from home it's hard to find that home Filipino cooking either it's not fresh or the flavors are just off. Gingerroot did a spectacular job, their pork was crispy, the dinaguan had the right amount of vinegar and the right amount of patis was added to the pancit.
Been craving Filipino food since I moved out here and found this place from the reviews. Although the food is pricey, it tastes pretty good. I had the sinigang and loved it I look forward to trying the diniguan, adobo, & kare kare.

The place is small but cozy and nicely decorated. Nice touch with the TV playing TFC!
Talk about expensive Filipino Food!

SMH. I could make all that stuff in a huge portion compared to what they charge per dish.  The ribs were good and tender but its so expensive for how little they give you. I was not a fan of the garlic fried rice that came with it really.  I would rather have my moms homemade filipino fried rice over their attempt at garlic fried rice any day with those ribs. The pancit palabok was good but i could get a better deal at red ribbon where its just as good but quality at red ribbon isnt as up there. Which I could live with.  I want to go one day for the all you can eat sunday breakfast, that will be a better chance to see how well they do with breakfast. :)
Lets start with this, We ordered 1 lechon kawali, 1 sisig, and one bulalo soup with a gulaman drink and spent $57!!!? You still there?... ok, each item costs $15 each plus tax. and the drink about 3 something, so i dont even know how we got charged that much. We never got our water until the food was almost done, which was 20 mins. of waiting time and never got water refills. Worst service I've had. Never coming back. Ill stick to Halo-Halo Kitchen thank you.
Came in just as they opened on a Saturday afternoon. I'm new to Arizona, and eager to discover new places and make new "faves"

They didn't have anything cooked for turo-turo combination meals, and could only order from their full entree menu, which is pretty pricey for filipino food.  I am a big fan of sisig. My favorite sisig is from the now closed Betchay's in San Diego. So, I'm putting Gingerroot's sisig to the challenge. And at $15 for the entree, the expectations are high. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. The sisig was extremely greasy, and chewy. The lumpia shanghai was good. Golden brown, crispy, and not greasy.
I'm not big on Filipino take out but the girls wanted Filipino food and this was right next door to our hotel.

The food is better tasting than Goldilocks but some of the stuff looks like it was from the day before. I had the pork tocino with the garlic rice and I didn't finish it. It wasn't bad, it just didn't compare to my dad's awesome cooking. Just Like I said, I'm not big on Filipino fast food. 

The 3 stars are for when we were fiending Asian rice and they were able to accomodate. LOL
We came here because we (all 15 of us filipinos) were craving some good food.

PROS:
* Located close to our hotel.  In between Planet Holleywood and MGM Grand in the Hawaiian Village Marketplace.
* They are open for breakfast for some topsilog cravings. 
* Pork kabobs and lechon was good.
* Staff was really friendly.
* Pricing was affordable.   $7.45 for a two item combo & comes with a scoop of rice.
* You can opt for garlic rice instead of the plain white rice.  (Too bad I didn't see this option when I ordered).

CONS:
* They didn't have icecream or flan to make Halo Halo "especial", so I decided not to order this.
*Pancit had too much cabbage.
Looking for something quick and different--the "Filipino Fast Food" sign on this place fit the bill. It's tucked into the corner of the--crap for sale--circus/bazaar type huts. 

What's nice about this place is that it's quiet. At least that's the case in February. The people behind the counter are nice. I just wish the food didn't taste like it had been out for a few too many hours. 

If it weren't for that--this place would be three stars, because despite the aged food, I didn't think it was too bad. Cheap even!
i came here on the recommendation of a friend who had breakfast here. 

working a trade show in vegas make you crave for some down home cooking. sadly enough i could cook better than this restaurant with one eye closed.

my craving for rice was satisfied, but the whole filipino food experience was extremely dissatissfied. 

the only thing i like about this place is the fact that they have sarsi.

if you have a car, im pretty sure there are other filipino places out there that would be better off.
Value for money Filipino food for last than US$10 per person depending on number of dishes with rice. 

Food is tasty but a bit salty for me, it is alright when it goes with rice. We had fried fish and tried the chicken adobo. We takeaway some of the Filipino satay which is stick of pork chunks.

The Halo Halo dessert was served in a cup & not in a bowl. It is shaved ice with topping and normally with ice cream. Taste is not bad, but was hard to eat from a straw and there was no ice cream.
I found it surprising when I saw this one day walking to work at PH. A Flipino spot on the strip? Why yes, in the Hawaiian marketplace. 

I get tired of the stuff in my work so I grab some to-go for my lunch one day. It was early so I got the "breakfast" items- Tocino and Tapa and was able to get garlic rice. Decent and hit the spot. 

Have also had their lechon, beef steak, kare kare, BBQ sticks,torta talong/eggplant, fried milkfish/bangus, etc and it's pretty standard and decent, but I've had better. Still the location was definitely appealing. Come here if youre on the strip looking for "different" cheap eats, but if you have a car go take a drive to some other Filipino spots off strip.
Found out that there was a Filipino restaurant on the strip so we decided to get breakfast here.  The employees seemed somewhat rude... I guess they have to deal with drunk people a lot but it's no excuse.  The food was nothing special and they charged my cousin like $2-3 for a fried egg. 

They sell a few snacks from the PI as well such as chips.
Mmmm....pussit.  Love me some purple squid.  Had some chicken caldereta too and it was good.  My mom enjoyed the sinigang and fried tilapia.  Kind of small portions for the price but I guess it's a little more expensive because it's on the strip.  A good selection of to go Filipino food.  Place is clean but nothing fancy.  

Free parking in the back, enter on the small lot right before the Hawaiian Marketplace.
I was hungry and wanted something filling and inexpensive.  Thank God my husband saw their sign as we were walking down the street.  It's located somewhere between Planet Hollywood and MGM at the back of one of the shopping complexes.  It's your typical turo-turo....go in, fall in line, point to whatever dish you want to order, the cashier at the end will ring up your bill.  I ordered lechon paksiw and binagoongang baboy... i was happy with my order.  My husband ordered beef steak and adobong pusit... he was happy with his order too.  If you're in the area and want inexpensive Filipino food, this place will do.
Who would expect this place to be on the strip in vegas?  We were looking for a cheap place to get a bite, and get away from the regular-vegas-strip-type-people for a minute, and this was the place.  The food was fresh, and it wasn't too expensive.

I'll go back!
Owners/servers are rude. 3 of us bought 2 vegetable eggrolls and 2 banana eggrolls and when we ask for napkins, the "husband/server" looked at us like "What you want napkins?" and gave us 3 napkins. No thank you's like you would get from American restaurants. While I was waiting for the vegetable eggrolls, the "wife/server" ask me if I want vinegar and when I said no, this is what she said, "Don't think that I pour the vinegar on your eggroll, it comes separate in a container." First of all, I don't like vinegar, period. Why the insult? Since the 3 of us are going to LA in separate vehicles, I ask for another plastic bag for myself and the "wife/server" had a frown on her face and sort of "flung" the bag to me without saying anything. For $2.00, their vegetable eggrolls taste like paper and their $1.50 banana eggrolls are so sweet you can't find the bananas. Most Filipinos are nice or try to be nice but this dive is something I wouldn't patronize again.
This was the first time eating at a Filipino restaurant, and the items here were pretty good I thought.  We walked in and looked at all the dishes available, and were amused to see another couple, very touristy looking, (You know, the type that would normally eat at Chili's or PF Chang's on vacation) walk in a few minutes later, take one look at the food, then walk quickly out.  Other than the chicken adobo, I honestly don't know the names of the other items we ordered, but one of them was a pork belly dish with shrimp paste, another was a clear noodle dish.  The flavors in the entrees are strong, and for the most part, I really liked them.  The pork dish with shrimp did start to lose its appeal halfway through though, as I started to get tired of the strong seafood taste in the background.  The chicken adobo was probably my favorite.  It had a hint of more vinegar than other adobos I've had, which I thought gave it a little more extra flavor.  The portions are pretty good, and they also sell Filipino snacks and drinks in the shop as well.
Running into this filipino restaurant was hilarious! I was with family and uh, my cousin was a little drunk walking into this place. Singing and everything! It was only 3pm!! That's what Vegas does to you! haha! Anyways, not only were the owners/employees and even some other customers laughing, they were singing too! haha! The food was really good and satisfying! I normally don't have to pay for my sabow (sinigang soup) with my meal but Kapit charged 50 cents? or was it 25? I forget so I was a littled bummed it wasn't included. We enjoyed our meals though! Great prices and good food!
Saturday morning after a long and enduring night of partying, they wanted some filipino breakfast.

It was around 11, and we assumed that they would have a full arsenal of breakfast food since, well, vegas doesn't wake up until then anyway.

They had the lunch items out, absent any common breakfast items like fried eggs, garlic rice etc. They did have langonisa and tocino though. 

We got a combo which had lechon kawali, (yeah for breakfast, I know) and langonisa, and regular rice. The portioning was small, and for a pricey fee of $8.00 

The only aspect of the meal I thoroughly enjoyed was the langonisa (am I spelling this correctly), everything else was just ok.
Saturday morning after a long and enduring night of partying, they wanted some filipino breakfast.

It was around 11, and we assumed that they would have a full arsenal of breakfast food since, well, vegas doesn't wake up until then anyway.

They had the lunch items out, absent any common breakfast items like fried eggs, garlic rice etc. They did have langonisa and tocino though. 

We got a combo which had lechon kawali, (yeah for breakfast, I know) and langonisa, and regular rice. The portioning was small, and for a pricey fee of $8.00 

The only aspect of the meal I thoroughly enjoyed was the langonisa (am I spelling this correctly), everything else was just ok.
Kare-kare, menudo, fresh lumpia, arroz caldo, siopao, leche flan...all great Filipino dishes that you'll find on Kapit Bahay's website...

...but won't find at the restaurant...at least when I was there.  Admittedly, I probably got a little too excited to finally try some non-family-made Filipino cuisine, and the location--right on the Las Vegas Strip across from the City Center--was super-convenient.  I ended up with a disappointing experience--getting a plate of rice with pancit and pork adobo and a side of longaniza.  The longaniza was okay, but the pancit and adobo were pretty unexciting.  This, with a can of Coke, was about $10.50--a little pricey for the relatively small portions you get.
Um.. the food looks like it's been sitting out for quite some time.  Rare gem though, get the coconut water after a fun filled night of drinking because it will clean you out of all your toxins and naughties. =)
My family and friends WILL definitely keep coming to this restaurant whenever we are in Las Vegas.

Their squid is perfectly cooked.

The adobo is as close to perfection you will ever taste.

ANOTHER big plus, their desserts are not too sweet and just right.

Highly Recommended!
Had some halo halo and it was good.  Hard to find but worth it for Filpino fast food.
Why does their longonisa look like hot dogs? :( 

This place wasn't bad... their pusit & shrimp paste(dunno the name) dish was pretty good, but they don't give enough rice and the sinigang was super watery... and not sour at all :( 

& I was drunk so I don't even remember if it was reasonably priced or not hahah
Pan fried fish, chicken (looked like it had curry sauce), and pork with two sides of rice = $13! 

It was probably the cheapest meal I had in Vegas and it was good. I only fish their food was labeled since I am not familiar with Filipino food. Now if someone came in and was not familiar with Asian food at all... he/she would be in trouble.
This joint on the strip was not even decent but it has mediocre food.  I stopped by for a late breakfast and I regret it.  

The rice leans towards the congee side, the soup dish was bland, and like previous reviewers say the longganisa was like a hot dog and it tasted weird.  The price was sort of expensive, too.  

I dunno why I ended up here maybe I was jonesin' or something.  I should have eaten at the Bally where they had the cheapo prime rib breakfast.
Walked under triple digit weather to satisfy our excitement to eat Filipino dish right on the strip just didn't satisfy my palet nor the mile walk.  Apart from the very unfriendly server/cashier who was on the phone constantly the food was all salty. Salo Salo Restaurant take over please.
Wow, harsh reviews!

I found the guy behind the counter helpful.  He steered me in the right direction and I got a meal I really enjoyed.   BBQ'd tilapia and Chicken Adobo were very tasty.
The Female who serves the food is not friendly at all, thats all i can say :(
Be wary of this place, they recently had a C rating for the health inspection. 

The food is very greasy, the woman is very unpolite, and the rice is not firm, it's mushy. After hearing about the bad health inspection rating, I know I will NEVER eat here again.
During the middle of our trip to Vegas Nancy was craving some rice (it's an Asian thing), so we went to Kapit Bahay, a little hole-in-the-wall located on the far right end of the Hawaiian Marketplace (HM is between the Harley Davidson Cafe and MGM Grand). We both ordered the 2 item combo + rice: pusit and sinagang for Nancy, menudo and picadillo for me. The food was standard Filipino fare, nothing great, but not bad either. Nancy did like the Pusit (little squid).The food would rate 2 & 1/2 stars, but since we paid less than $20 for both meals and two cans of soda, that merits bringing up the overall rating to 3 stars. Not too many places on the Strip that you can get a decent meal for two people for under $20.

Don't expect too much with the service, it is completely utilitarian. Kind of like a cafeteria.
Love the breakfast. Wish they had bangus for breakfast
pros...since i am reminiscing about last year's thanksgiving in Las Vegas, i might as well yelp this other place as well.  this is what i find to be a typical pilipino style restaurant.  kapit bahay means neighbor in tagalog the national dialect of the philippines.  so i guess it just depends on how well your neighbor cooks as to whether you like their food or not.

this particular neighbor, which really it was a neighbor cause it was in the store fronts directly in front of the polo towers, was ok.  service was typical asian restaurant, nothing to write home about.  the food was decent, and was at least warm.  the place was clean but not tidy, as there were take out boxes and other things out in the open.  not bad, but not exactly inviting either.  

i had orderd the longanisa or philippine style sausage, short and fat and this one was full of fat.  some eggs and some regular rice.  there was a choice of garlic fried rice, but i like to stick with something fresh, or is it "presh"?  as the chances of the garlic fried rice being from leftover rice is most likely, but of course that's what you're supposed to make it out of, it's just better.  i got bottled water. typical breakpast.  

cons...well this one i think was being renovated or something, as they had exposed beams and other heating and ventilation ducts hanging outside of the drop down ceiling tiles.  the place was clean but not tidy, and the little store made snacks were out on display were just casually strewn about haphazardly.  but nothing "dirty", just not very neat.
Don't waste your time or money here. My boyfriend and I stopped in because we were excited to find a filipino fast food restaurant. As soon as we stepped in, we were glared down by the lady behind the counter. She rolled her eyes when I asked her what the dishes were (there were no signs and nothing looked like what she described it to be). The food was dry, and crusted over, and each dish was a monochrome color where you can't distinguish between the meat and the vegetable. The lady kept rolling her eyes as I looked at each dish. It got so bad that my boyfriend noticed and said we need to leave-- she clearly wasn't interested in our business. I had never experienced such rude behavior; and I wouldn't expect it from any reasonable person, much less from someone in a customer service role. I was caught off-guard by her animosity, as I was incredibly polite from the get-go; I considered that maybe it was a race thing but after reading several older reviews, I guess I feel slightly better that it wasn't personal-- sounds like her rudeness is non-discriminatory. Some people be cray.
Loved it, we had to drive to jollibee for Filipino food from palazzo costing us 30 dollars! This was right on the strip. Food was awesome and we are grabbing some halo halo to go in order to beat the heat! Highly recommend
Adobo was too greasy and the puncit had been sitting out a long time by the time I got there. Pass on the Halo Halo. No flavor.
The worst tasting filipino food ive ever tasted in my life. Food was cold and wasnt fresh. rice smelled funny. best to say filipino food is better cooked at home. The 2 reasons why it didnt get  1 star is 1. Its on the strip and 2. only pinoy spot.on the strip.
I have come to the conclusion that there are no Filipino vegetarians. They do have vegetable dishes here, but all made with fish or meat stocks. Located in the Hawaiian Village Kapit Bahay offers authentic Filipino cuisine. The shop itself is warm and inviting, the food is fresh and kept well. The woman at the counter offered many samples to my friends. Reviews from the others were that the Pork Adobo and Chicken Curry dishes were good. My Filipino friend thought the Halo Halo was good as well. Prices were very reasonable for fresh, authentic food right on the strip. So while there was no vegetarian options, I do like saying Halo Halo.
Always great to have breakfast here.
My friends recommended this place to me the last time I was in Vegas, but it was closed when I checked it out. I was able to check it out this past weekend when I was in Vegas again.

The place is a hole in the wall, and it looks a bit dingy. It is right next to an Asian massage parlor.

It seems to be a family run restaurant. The lady who served me was very nice and friendly. She kept on asking me questions whether i tried Filipino food before, and she provided recommendations.

For the amount that they give you, the price you pay is awesome. You get a nice bang for your buck. THe chicken adobo is boneless so that's a plus, and the gravy is sooo good to mix in the rice with. I also tried the beef stew, which she recommended to me. it was peanutty and yummy. I wish I ordered with a bit more spice, but I'm not sure if Flip food has spicy dishes? I'm not sure. I wouldn't mind coming back here again for some cheap grub when I'm back in Vegas since it is walking distance on the strip to MGM, Aria, etc...

PS - the food didn't look appetizing on the steamer trays since it looked all dried up, but it was still pretty tasty and moist.
Came here for lunch accidentally after a supposedly lunch with friends who invited us to their time share building which was around the area.  After looking around for for almost an hour (nobody seems to know them ) We gave up and decided to go back to our hotel .

We walked pass this Filipino restaurant right on the mall entrance & decided to give it a try . It looked pretty decent & clean & the staff seem quite friendly.  There is a buffet alright but choices are limited ..and since it was already pass 2:00 pm my hunger pangs are beginning to react. .  My friend & I tried their combo.  2 Kinds of dishes with rice for  $6.99 .  I had the   Pork Adobo & Pampano Sinigang.  It was not  the best but I was hungry ... I finished it in a flash !! . That's probably why there was just one table occupied .  My friend ordered the  Pinakbet  & Paksiw.   Nothing really compares to that Kusina ni Lorraine Buffet which to me is one of  the best Filipino buffets in Vegas so far.  Would I go back to this Place  ?  Probably not  !!
Really tasty. Was at Spring Mountain location, lady's a crack up. Loaded up for under $8.
Kapit Bahay moved to Chinatown. They are no longer in Hawaiian marketplace. (As of 5/20/2014)
I am mourning. Lol. I can't walk from my hotel and get my nom nom on.  What Asian options do I have? Aha!! Dumpling & Noodle house :) it's not jungle food but it's suffice until they open another Filipino eatery that's walking distance. :)
Good food.. But the cashier/server doesnt seem so happy. I've been here twice and same attitude.. It would get 4 stars, if they had an attitude change. i was hoping they were just having a bad day the first tym, but I dont think they like what theyre doing. Prolly not gonna come back unless I am dying to have filipino food. And I love filipino food!
I went here ten years ago and it was bad. Yesterday, I thought I would give them another chance. The food was disappointing. The pork sinigang was over cooked and dry. The rice was crunchy. I will never go here again. I also bought sweet rice wrapped in banana leaves and it was over priced and disgusting. You can go to the 99 Ranch market and get better food.
If I was coming just for the adobo fried rice omelette - think of a burrito (chunks of adobo meat in adobo fried rice wrapped in an omelette), I would give this place 4 stars. But you would soon forget the adobo fried rice omelette after suffering from the service. My four friends didn't get their food after waiting for an hour and one of them just got spam and eggs. Seriously? an hour for spam and eggs? what!? 

I would come back here only if I called it in for pick up. Yes , only for pick up unless you want to faint from hunger. The other dishes were just ordinary but the adobo fried rice was the best version of adobo i have ever had.
This place reminds me of home(hawaii) this is the kind of filipino food im talking about
Due to my temporary hectic schedule, finding the time to eat dinner in between getting off work and to school is scarce! 

I wanted to pick something up on the way to school but I didn't want to go out of the way from my destination. I wanted to avoid fast food and craving for a bowl of rice with a type of meat. Well I ran into and had 2 choices on the way to school on E. Desert Inn and Eastern area, Jun's Korean BBQ or Elena's Filipino Food. 

I chose Elena's and regret eating Pork Adobo Fried Rice Omelet and Lumpia.

Lumpia looked fresh and crispy , which absolutely differed from the taste, inside was soft and watery. I ate it anyways because I was famished and needed food in my tummy.  The pork adobo fried rice omelet was simple, just rice, pork meat, adobo sauce mixed in and wrapped with egg. The sauce had too much vinegar and the smell was so strong that I was embarrassed of my own food and culture while I was eating this in class.  Today, I still taste the strong vinegar in my mouth.....

I should have went to Jun's Korean BBQ....
This place is right by my house and I've frequented it on more than one occasion. The people are always friendly and the food is absolutely delicious. On occasion I have even been treated to a free portion of some dish that I asked about. There was maybe one time that my pansit (sp) didn't taste 100% fresh, but that's it. The price is right, the portions are good, and it beats the heck out of fast food chains. A poor college man's dream.

Though the majority of my experiences have been in ordering take out, I must agree that the atmosphere leaves a little something to be desired. The service is as slow as you would expect from a hole in the wall place like this, but it has never been to the point where it bothered me. 

I've eaten there plenty of times and, business willing, I intend to eat there plenty more.

After reading the guidelines I feel morally obliged to edit: This is my first time writing for yelp but far from the first time using it. This was sparked by a sign at Elena's saying a free gift for "a review". So I whipped out my smartphone and posted away. Everything I said was my honest opinion, regardless of any gift. You wanna know what the gift was? Wait for it... FREE FOOD! Woooo! Now this poor college student can eat for that much longer simply for sharing his opinions. God bless America!
Elena's satisfies the cravings for filipino (ILOCANO) style cooking! The adobo fried rice and shrimp sarciado are my family's favorites...yummy! The atmosphere is clean and service is friendly. It is a place away from home that keeps us going back for more! If you are looking for the "fat, oily, bland, coconut-drowned" filipino foods of other filipino style of cooking then, don't review and expect to get that from here. Elena's serve only fresh, tasty REAL native style cooking! 
Service time is reasonable..if you want fast food...go to McDonalds!!!!
Wow.  The Pork Adobo Fried Rice Omelet - how did they do that?  Amazing to see - but even better to taste!  It's HUGE.  Great Value, and not just rice - lots of big chunks of YUMMY PORK.  Great Flavor.  I ran in at lunch time, had the dish & iced tea - and was out in 30 minutes.  Everything is cooked to order - but it was quick. I liked the feel of the restaurant.  So neat and clean with music from Hawaii.  Definitely will go back - the mixed plates sound really tasty, lots of good seafood on the menu as well.
We were in Vegas looking for a non-turo  turo Filipino restaurant. After driving around to all the yelp-reviewed Filipino restaurants, We decided to stick with Elena's Home of the Finest Filipino Food. Coming from Hawaii and having eaten at Elena's in Waipahu, we trusted the quality of the food. For a party of 8 we ordered: Kare Kare, Sari Sari, Shrimp Sinigang, Lumpia Shanghai, Pancit, Lechon Special, and of course, Halo Halo for dessert! 

Everything was great! I loved the Kare Kare (9.99) --perfect balance of creaminess, peanut butter, vegetables, and meat.  Sari Sari (7.99) we very savory and wonderful all around.  The Shrimp Sinigang (8.99) had lots of large shrimp and married sour and salty flavors very well. The Lumpia Shanghai was a hit ( 3.99 for 6 pieces) -- homemade and very crunchy - just the way we like it.  The Pancit we probably the weakest dish (6.75). It was a bit bland and lacked very much pizzazz. The Halo halo (4.99) was also nothing to write home about, lacking beans and generally overpriced in my opinion. The star dish of our meal was  the lechon special (8.99), chopped crispy pork with onions and tomatoes. We loooooved it! 

Opened in August 2008, the restaurant is very clean and service was friendly. The ambiance and decor were very nice and warm. A great choice for Filipino dining that is a step above from those Turo turo's. If you're looking for some good homestyle Filipino food that it made to order, Elena's is the place to go to in Las Vegas. We will be back!
The buffet is really nice.  A lot of variety to chose from.  Adobo fried rice is what I love best.  Too bad they don't have one like this in the Bay cause to tell you the truth they would blow all Filipino restaurants out of the water.

Service was really good and the place was really clean.
Are you Filipino from Hawaii and feeling nostalgic? Elena's might be your cure. This is ILOKANO food... yes, there a few small, but major, differences between TAGALOG & ILOKANO style Filipino cooking... so with that said, it automatically gets one extra star in the rating. 

All I can say is... ADOBO OMELET. Yummmmm. Vinegary! I likey.
My wife and I have a new place to regularly visit when visiting Las Vegas...ELENA'S! 

My wife and I are both originally from Hawaii where the Filipino Food is of a very high standard due to the large Filipino population there. I, luckily, am married to my wife who is Ilocano and has since taught me the cuisine of Filipino food through her Mom's home cooking back in Hawaii. As we were eating lunch here on Sunday, Nov 14, I have never heard my wife utter the words "This Pancit tastes just as good as my Mom's." We had the buffet which had over a dozen things to choose from and everything was just good...... real good. The Adobo selections were plentiful and just right with that great vinegar taste! Adobo Omelette y'all! They even had Pork and Pumpkin which is one of my wife's favorites. The Monggo Beans was awesome and had a different taste from what I'm used to, but it was really tasty. One thing that set me just right was the little bowl of onions, tomatoes, and Bagoong as a side dish! I only usually have that at my In-Law's home during dinner!! We even had Hawaiian Sun drinks to top off the whole meal. I wanted to get some Halo-Halo but we were really full and could have used a nap to recover from all the food.

The service was quick and very welcoming. The overall look and feel of the restaurant is very home-style and themed to everything Filipino. Get away from casino food and make the short trip off the Strip to Elena's.
Elena's is just like how you remembered eating Filipino food home in Hawaii.  The same owners from Elena's Waipahu opened up this Filipino restaurant that beats all other Filipino restaurants in Vegas.   Pork, chicken/Fried rice adobe, lechon Kawali, pancit, pork gisantes, dinuguan, chicken calamungai, and lumpia are all the cures for my Filipino cravings.  The service staff are the owners and family members, so they are very friendly, welcoming and show Hawaii's Aloha spirit  with pride.  This place is a must if you're from Hawaii, or curious about trying Filipino food.
Home away from Home!  

I'm from Hawaii and now living in San Diego and I'll say you cannot find Ilocano/Hawaii style food here.  So, whenever I go to Vegas I will make it a point to visit Elena's about 2-4 times throughout the duration of my visit.  

My all time favorites:  Lechon Special (cut up pork tossed in a salty sauce like patis and vinegar with tomatoes & onions), adobo fried rice omlette, sari sari, pancit bihon, fried vinegar pork, banana and shanghai lumpia.  If you dine in they will give you all you can eat calrose rice.  To top it off Aloha Shoyou on the table.  YAY! 

The staff and owners are always friendly.  Melissa and her husband manages  Elena's in Vegas and ironically every time I go there she just flew in herself from Hawaii.   Tata Teo and Nana Elena are the founders of Elena's and you would find them serving the customers too. 

There's a lot of parking and it's only a few minutes away from the strip.  Easy to find and worth the drive.  I really wish they would open up an Elena's here in SD.
I was driving around LV looking for somewhere to have lunch and Elena's on Yelp seemed like a place to check out.. 

I tried the Chicken Adobo lunch special which came with a flavorful chicken soup with glass noodles for starters and the entree came with noodles, steam rice, lumpia and chicken Adobo. The chicken was tender fall off the bone delicious. Glass Noodles also very tasty and I also enjoyed the lumpia which was crisps on the outside and yummy tasting. See at:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cZbqG53WCsEyYHSocNZdLQ?action_user_photos=1 

I'd definitely here in the future
Had the shrimp with tomatoes and onions.  Sauce was delcious but the shrimp was definitely frozen and just OK.  Enjoyable but nothing too special.
The restaurant was clean and roomy with lots of tables. You order at the counter and seat yourself. 

Food on a 5 Star Scale: 
Adobo pork omelete, 5 Star (yummy, loads of flavor) 
Shanghai lumpia, 2 Star (a little bland, nothing special)
Beef lumpia, 3.5 Star (tasty but oily)
Lechon special, 3 Star (pork too fatty but flavorful)
Mung beans (pork too fatty but flavorful, very tasty)
Pinakbet (I'm used to a more condensed tomato base, again too much fat on the pork)

The flavors were there.  Very tasty and similar to Mom's cooking. I will go back and try something else next time.
Another award winning experience at Elena's in Las Vegas... 

I had the lechon special with rice.. HMMMMMMM

Need I say more?!  Elena's Lechon Special is the BEST!
The best Filipino food in da islands and da mainland! If your in Las Vegas you gotta get here!
When i think of Adobo Fried Rice omelets, I think of this place, Elena's!

*Omelet portions- big enough to fill you up to start your morning or any part of your day! I call it the Filipino Hawaiian Warrior Breakfast of champions because its so good, when i get this plate i never leave leftovers not even a splice of rice left seriously! Which leaves me a golden King Kamehameha Pot Belly!

*Omelet wholesome- pork adobo,loaded with golden brown fried rice, wrapped around with a layer of scramble eggs! It packs flavor! add aloha soy sauce on top of that for added zing pinoy power! Can i say this omelet looks phat!? no Fat with an F !!! 

Stop by this place you can't miss it, it has the orange logo, they even provide filipino food buffets as well, its not pricey, its located outside the strip. If you want to save some bones for the tables for the strip or losing dollas from the slots, this place is jackpot!

Dear Elena's,

Please open a restaurant in So Cal... Salamat
Staff was friendly and welcoming. Was excited to try this place after finding it on yelp with rave reviews. That being said I was underwhelmed. The food (or what I had) was just ok. 

I've read this is ilocano style food so it's not the exact style I grew up eating. We ordered adobo chicken fried rice omelet and a combo plate of pork adobo and pancit bihon. The omelet was good. The pork adobo had more vinegar and less soy than I cared for and pancit was bland and kinda dry. I know adobo is regional and I'll get a different adobo based on who is making it. It was good just not what I like. 

Was going to attempt the buffet but the food looked so sad sitting under that heat lamp. 

Overall it was just alright. I may go back to try the lechon and sinigang but not any time soon. I'll stick to kapit bahay for now.
YAY!  I'm a FAN OF ELENA's... 

And  again I drove up to Vegas and guess where my first stop was?  Elena's for the Lechon Special and Pork Adobo fried rice.  We got there just in time before they closed.  

Although the server seemed like he was a little stressed out I enjoy coming here.  I think I scared him because I had my family from Hawaii meet us and we ordered a lot of food.  +13 right before closing... Sorry manong... 

Thank you for accommodating us...
Place was clean and service was helpful. Had the adobo fried rice, fried pork, and Sarciado shrimp. The meal was delicious.
The chicken Adobo is very good. I like the banana lumpia :)
Although some say that Las Vegas is Hawaii's 9th island, walking into Elena's - I was not expecting to see all the Ilima awards (a food award from Honolulu newspaper) and Hawaiian soft drinks on display. It was a shock of nostalgia. The whole place is orange - prepare yourself.

In regards to the food, in my opinion, I felt that it was not anything too special (Got the Adobo Pork Omelette Rice). Though friends couldn't stop raving over the omelette rice dishes - filipino food IS a rare find though / a possible reason. 

A warning - taste the sauce for the eggrolls before you dip the eggroll in. You mayyy NOT like it. 

I got to say though - the banana lumpia was delish!!! (We got it whole plate of them for checking in on Yelp ;))

We were helped by an amazing guy named Moses!
Food was A-ok but service was awesome!
Love the food and prices. The service was great and they refill your drink when it's halfways...
So the original gameplan was to go to Elena's for the AYCE in the morning/brunch hours...didn't happen. We were lounging by the pool too long. Needless to say, our family was famished by the time we arrived at Elena's which was around 6pm. 

The restaurant was strangely empty. I mean, nobody was in there...but us...and the employee. We were concerned that maybe they were still closed but left the door unlocked??? Hmmm...turns out they WERE open. We asked about the AYCE deal and "auntie" pointed us to the buffet of Filipino goodness!

It reminded me of your typical Filipino house party -- utensils and plates, along with the steamed rice at the start of the buffet, followed by a long table of various Filipino foods. But in addition to the steamed rice, they also had their famouse pork adobo omelet. I was interested in seeing how delicious this was since during my recent trip to Vegas I was able to devour the Aloha Kitchen version. The verdict? It was pretty good - only since it's a buffet, you're cutting a portion from the omelet (which they btw refill). At Aloha Kitchen, you get an entire portion to yourself. I'm sure the same is true if you were to order this a la carte.

I LOVED their pork adobo, their dinuguan and their pansit (bihon mixed with canton noodles are my fave). The meat had that fatty goodness and it really reminded me of my Mom's cooking. They also had chicken adobo, pinakbet, sari sari, long noodles, pusit, fried chicken, menudo (which I enjoyed) and a couple of other dishes I might be missing. 

What I wish was part of the buffet was kare-kare and lumpia. We did however try their lumpias (both shanghai and vegetable). It was just OK to me. There is something in their veggie lumpia that was stringy...not your typical sprouts. 

We ordered halo-halo too...I thought this was a miss. But just my opinion. Overall, pretty good service, pricing ($8.99 for AYCE) and the food was authentic. I'd come back for sure and maybe this time I'd order off their menu since I already tried their AYCE. :)
I was attracted by their video on their website. I made the mistake of watching it while studying in the library, and I was extremely hungary. needless to say, I immediately packed my school bag, got in my car, and drove to Elena's.

and i'm so happy i did.

My nanay passed away 6 years ago. She has not cooked for me since I was 12 or 13 years old. The food I got from Elena's.... tasted just like nanay's. It was surreal. It was exactly how I remembered her chicken adobo, pansit, and lumpiang shanghai. the soup was delicious as well.

I will be back every week. This is food for the soul right here.
5 stars for service, 5 stars for the food.  Theo, the owner, is incredible.  Like shut-the-front-door incredible.  I took my family here as an introduction to Filipino food.  They're Chinese, and for any Asian, Filipino food is just...different.  They were hesitant.  I had already warned them that the food was likely greasy, b/c I've been to 3 other Filipino places in Vegas, and they've all been swimming in the grease.  Anyways, I told Theo that this was their first time and also mentioned that my fiancee and I chose his restaurant b/c we'd been to the branch in Oahu and luv'd it.  So he took care of us.  Really took care of us.  In addition to the free soda we got for checking in, he brought out two extra entrees...on the house.  Here is what we ordered:
- chicken long rice- clear rice noodles with shredded chicken.  Solid.
- original fried rice omelet- savory goodness.  The take of this classic dish wins me over.  It's their signature dish.  Order it at least once.    
- chicken adobo- succulent chicken.  a filipino classic.  dip with a vinegar-ey sauce.
- gisantes- a pork entree that is a little tart.  interesting. not a bad item, but we had so much incredible food, that this took longer to finish.
- dinguan- surprisingly good.  I don't normally go for blood, but the blood was more a part of the sauce, so not a bad dish.  I'd eat it again.
- pinakbet- pretty good.  We ordered a lot of meat heavy dish, so this was refreshing.  I didn't get a piece of the bitter melon, so I can't tell you how bitter it was.  (Some restaurants don't balance it with enough savoriness).
- pansit- popular with our table.  I wished I got more of it.  
- lechon- You must order this.  Crispy pork rind.  Very good.
- Pig Feet Lauya- I know this is a bit adventurous for some.  Please do yourself a favor and order this dish.  The skin and the meat around this portion of the pig is just so succulent and...ahhh, I'm salivating thinking about it.  I can't wait to go back and order it again. 
- shanghai lumpia- I prefer my mother's Viet eggrolls, but these were good.
- banana lumpia- good.  I like fried banana desserts, so I had to try this.  It does not compare to pisang goreng, but we liked it enough.

Nothing we ate was not yummy.  I'm afraid that my review is not helpful, since it's not critical.  But I could not be happier with my experience there.  The best part was that the food was not a bit greasy.  A great success with my family.  Please come and support a wonderful local business.
Great Food. Even though they are far away from where i live its worth going to. :)
Wow. Everything was bomb. Ordered the Lechon kawali, pork sinigang, adobo, and the number one thing the pork adobo fried ride omelette. Really really good! The omelette is a must here! I really recommend this place! The staff is absolutely positively super friendly!
The atmosphere was very homey (and orange) and the servers were nice. You walk in and order at the counter, then sit down and wait to be served. Or you can order to go if you want. BF and I tried the pork adobo omelette and a 2-item combo of dinuguan and chicken adobo. Their adobo is different than other filipino adobo we've had before, but in a good way! It certainly was not as salty or greasy. There is an AYCE buffet if thats your thing. I believe its around 9-10 dollars? Overall, good food, good selection, decent prices, and generous portions. Good option if youre in the area and craving filipino food :)
This was our second visit to Elena's Filipino Restaurant.  Recently I had the lunch special which included chicken noodle soup, pork adobo, rice and pansit.  My hubby had sari sari, chicken adobo, pinakbet and rice.  We shared our entrees with our daughter.  The food was delicious and reminded us of our Filipino home cooking.  We like the mellow atmosphere of the restaurant because it wasn't too busy or overcrowded, they play island music, and the service was friendly.  Just so you know, the restaurant is decorated in orange and with orange butterflies, and also they have another location in Hawaii which won restaurant food awards. We'll be back again soon when we're in Vegas.
Every bit as good as the one in Hawaii.  The Lechon Special is so flavorful.  Very similar to sisig....but better.
Love the lechon special and the dinuguan
Stopped in here after reading the reviews and liked it.  It was on a Saturday late afternoon so I opted for the buffet.  Although small it was sarap, I miss my late wife's Bicolana cooking and so I had to try a bit of everything.  Dineguan sari sari ginitan all very tasty.  I don't think you will be disappointed with the food or atmosphere, an even the  karoke.  

Thanks to all the people there who made this matandang kano feel, at least for a little while that I was back in the Phil's. Oscar
My mom brought back food from here. My family has a way with supporting other Filipinos. They have a very diverse market of Filipino baked goods as well as imported foods.
They gave us big servings for a decent price unlike other filipino restaurants that charge you $10 for one small plate of pancit. The owners and staff are also  very friendly especially of you are filipino.
Thanks Keoni W for the invite and setup. I didn't know/remember most of what he ordered for our small group, but it was all very good and comforting. This weekday afternoon was just dead, so the only sounds you probably would hear were our mouths noshing and munching. Good stuff, man!
Yeah, the food was delicious, but BE CAREFUL IF PAYING WITH A CREDIT CARD! Compare your receipt to your actual posted bank or credit card charge. On June 5, 2012, my order total was $25.38, but when I checked my bank account online, I noticed the charge was $27.38. Unless there is a $2.00 charge for carryout that I overlooked when placing my order, I don't know where the extra $2.00 charge came from. Hindi karapat-dapat sa pagtitiwala (translation: untrustworthy).
the lechon special was crispy and delicious, same for the lumpia shanghai.. the dinuguan, however.. bland, tasteless. the guy who took the orders -- no customer service whatsoever. he looked pissed at the world for having to work there, lol. 

the end.
My family ate here on 3 Jul, and honestly I don't even know where to start. It was a bad experience overall. 

First, the service: it was awful, there was only one person running around taking care of customers. We had 4 drinks and needed 4 straws, he gave us 3 so my wife asked for one more,  he never gave it to us. We ordered oxtail soup, he brought the soup but never gave us bowls, how can we eat soup with no bowls, so I asked for bowls and he only gave us 2. Meanwhile, he was taking orders from other table and most of the time he was in the kitchen doing something. Really bad service, this place should not expect people to come back after their first visit. However, being this part of town I think people expects mediocrity and thinks highly of this place even though it sucks as evident in other reviews. My family likes to eat out and don't mind spending if the food is worth it, believe me when I say do not visit this place, period.

Second, the food:  Holy crap!! I'd rather go to Pinoy-Pinay, their food is not the greatest but beats this hands down. Now let me tell you ahead of time, I like cooking all kinds of food and have a good knowledge of food quality.

Beef Lumpia:  We could tell it was fried before hand, it was saved and then microwave right before serving, we know because we do this at home. But at a restaurant, c'mon at least fry it fresh and serve it to paying customers.

Lechon Special: do any of these people that gave complement to this dish know what the hell they are talking about? This is just pork belly, bolied and then deep fried and mixed with onions and tomatoes, my kid could do this dish at home, terrible!!

Oxtail Soup: I felt throwing up after eating this dish, the cabbage was raw and tasted like it was left out on the counter for awhile, another bad dish with no taste.

For 2 years that I've been here in Vegas, I could really only tell you one place that always tops our expectations, I won't name the place but it's located on Jones. I know it's Filipino food but c'mon give it a bit of class.
Just came here today with my family after reading the reviews. My family were a little mad that I wanted to eat here, considering we hadn't eaten anything the entire morning and had to wait some more for the food to cook. However, when the food came, they took back what they said. The food was delicious! Also, the atmosphere of the restaurant is nice with the butterflies on the walls as well as the island music playing in the background. I would definitely come back here again.
I can't do a fair review on all the other filipino food offered at Elena's, I'm only half filipino. What I LOVE is their fried rice omelets! Fluffy fried rice with your choice of meats including pork adobo and wrapped with a delicate egg blanket. 
Whenever we have a potluck at work, the expectation from all my coworkers, filipino, haole or whatever is that Bootsy brings the friend rice omelets. I am from Hawaii and frequented their restaurant in Waipahu on a regular basis. So glad they opened up in Las Vegas, especially so close to my job. Now if I crave real Hawaiian food, I go to Island Flavor on Durango but that's a whole nother story (5 star).
When I crave Filipino food ,it's Elena's for me, I've tried other places and don't find it as good ,IMO.  I had the 3 choice plate for 7.99 . I chose mongo beans with pork, pork adobo and pinakbet.   
         Pork adobo was tender and flavorful , but too fatty and I like pork fat. I just don't like pork fat chunks.  
         Mongo beans needed a little seasoning but otherwise was good once I added some salt.
        Pinakbet was delicious it was fresh and had a clean flavor , bitter melon and eggplant was cooked perfect not to bitter. Overall I think I would give it a 3 1/2 stars.
        This is the spot for me when I want Filipino food for me. I will be back
We were excited to try a new filipino restaurant that was highly rated, however, after our experience I honestly do not know why people give such high ratings for this place.  Customer service was awful! The man working the counter was grumpy and acted as if he hated his job. He became more agitated when I showed him my yelp check-in offer for a free drink. 

As for the food, we ordered kare kare, lechon special, shanghai, and dinuguan. There was nothing really special about any of the dishes, as for the dinuguan, it was very bland. The younger guy who was serving our food and drinks was not welcoming at all, he didnt say one word to us.

You can tell the workers play favoritism with certain customers. A larger group of people came after us and instead of ordering at the counter like the sign says, they were happily greeted and taken to a table where they ordered their food. Both workers who lacked customer service towards us were very helpful to the other group. 

I will be sticking to my go-to Filipino restaurants and will not be returning to Elena's.
My family and friends are going to be really disappointed in me for even giving this place less than 5 stars.  I'm 75% Filipino and have eaten my share of flip food.  But I have to say, I've had better.  

Usually when I've eaten here, it's their $9.99 buffet.  Buffet consist of your typical Filipino food like Chicken Adobo, Lechon, Pancit, etc.  My issue is with food stock and service.  I get the best service when my mom is in town, but the worst when with friends.  They also do not keep enough food in stock at their buffet.  

Their Adobo Fried Rice is pretty good.  Other than that, I think I will stick to Mom and Dad's cooking when I'm in California to visit.  The last time I was here, it was close to 2 hour's long.  Not because I was eating like there's no tomorrow, but because I was constantly waiting for their food to be ready.  

My review, like all other reviews, is just my opinion.  My family and friends swear by this place and love it.  Just me, I'm not a fan.

NOTE:  Free drink if you check in through Yelp. Whoohoo!!  I didn't even get that on my last visit.
We went to check this out couple of days ago. Do they have a new cook? New recipe? I don't know where all the 4 stars came from...I had their leeching special with tomatoes and onions. It was so salty and you see the granules of the MSG all over. Nothing special at all. My husband ordered the adobo omelet..again nothing special about it. The adobo was so bland just like their pancit. I think they forgot to put soy sauce. The shanghai lumpia was burnt!

And customer service is horrible...the young man that took our order seemed to be unhappy and I'm not surprised if their food is not good at all...

Sorry I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!
This is the closest I can get to good Filipino food like they do it in Hawaii. FRIED SILET, FRIED SILET, FRIED SILET!!! Now i'm not one to eat crazy things like liver, tripe, chicken blood or a baby chicken...but I will eat fried intestines. Sorry I know this sounds horrible but it's so good. The sari sari is delicious too. Almost as good as my dad's which I get every week. The Lechon Special is not oily or too crispy. I ate my fair share of all these dishes and then some. I had waited about 6 months to come here, and it was certainly worth the weight!!! I loved it! 

The restaurant decor could use a little help...ok maybe a lot of help. And it's kind of weird that they have this big screen tv in the middle of the restaurant,

The server was friendly and had the island character. I almost felt like I was back in Waipahu.
I am not sure what the hype was with this place. We ordered the oxtail and you could not eat the meat off the bone. It couldve been that they were closing. Will I give them another shot, maybe if there wasnt any other places to choose from.
All you can eat  Filipino buffet for $ 6.99 ... HOllllla thats in my price range! For a brown boy on a budget that's a deal yo! haha! Ok maybe im not that brown im part chinese so yellow?

 This lovely establishment is located on Dessert Inn and Eastern.. in the ROSS shopping center..

The buffet is has about 5-12 items a bit small but it had all my favorites such as;

Chicken adobo
Pancit
Adobo Fried Rice

And a few other ones i do not know the name of. 

$6.99 can't go wrong for an all you can eat.. 

If you do not wish to do the all you can eat you can order ala cart but it would be silly not to do the all you can eat since the ala cart will equal to that amount.. just stick to the items i mentioned! hehe


I must warn you the presentation is not that great and the food does not look to appealing, maybe they need to put more lights  in the place, but trust! im a Filipino and the food is good!

Try now! can't beat a 6.99 filipino food buffet. I'm not even sure if there is such a thing here in vegas..
This place reminds me of their home based establishment in Hawaii. Just having returned from home nearly two weeks the craving for HI food hit. I had heard Elena's was in Vegas but was never able to pin point their location. Until now! The restaurant is roomy but was nearly empty when we arrived. We sat down quickly to review the menu. The woman serving us was a gem. She checked up on us continuously and never let our drinks get half way through before she refilled. Asking us how the food was and if we wanted extra rice at no charge was great too! I ordered the two choice combo. Chicken and pork adobo. The chicken adobo was by far my favorite of the two. The pork was great too but I couldn't get enough of the chicken. My gf ordered pansit and another meat dish (not sure of the name) she said very little during our consumption and with an empty plate I'd say they gained another regular. We also ordered the halo halo on the way out. While it was good we have had better. Which is why the four stars and not the five.
1 star because I don't have a choice. We tried the AYCE & what a big disappointment. Lechon special was definitely old (chewy & not crispy), pork adobo was tasteless & vegetable was overcooked. I'm surprised this has a 4-star rating! Skip!!!
This was our first time ordering from a Filipino restaurant- we did take out. The only Filipino food I'd had up to this point was my friends moms cooking. We ordered the pansit & the chicken adobo. The chicken was really good but the pansit was pretty bland. There wasn't much else on the menu that appealed to us. We won't be ordering again- I think Filipino food just isn't really our thing.
HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013 - Contender #1

Impromptu stop here for halo-halo after sushi with the boyfriend.  I've never been to Elena's and supposedly it's popular, but on a Thursday night at 7:45pm, the place was deserted.  We each got an order of the popular Filipino dessert, which traditionally consists of shaved ice, evaporated milk and a plethora of other ingredients, ranging from leche flan, ube (purple yam), ice cream, coconut (macapuno), sweet potato, plaintain, jackfruit (langka), red beans, and some sort of gelatin.  The said fruits and beans are placed in a cup or bowl first, then the shaved ice, then the ube and/or ice cream, and finally the evaporated milk is poured over the whole thing.  Halo-halo means "mix-mix" and that's what you do--mix that whole thing up and consume.  Well, we've now decided to do a tour of Vegas for the best halo-halo; this was not it.  We got four ingredients in our halo-halo here:  ube ice cream, vanilla ice cream, the coconut, and some sort of gelatin. I should have known it would just be okay because the menu sign says, "no beans," next to the halo-halo menu item. Not the best version--no leche flan, either!  So, on to the next place.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:  

Both Terri R and I completed the Vegas 100 Yelp Challenge.  New challenge...who has the best Halo-Halo in the valley.  Elena's was our first restaurant to visit.  First impression wasn't good since we were immediately told upon walking in that we couldn't stay long because they close in 30 minutes.  Then there's the actual main attraction, their Halo-Halo.  Decently priced, this dessert was missing red beans and flan.  I was already disappointed from that alone.  I finished my Halo-Halo and it was just okay. I've never been a huge fan of Elena's Pinoy Food and their Halo-Halo was no different.  

PS:  Refer to Terri R's review of Elena's for more details on their Halo-Halo.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
We stopped by Mekong Plaza yesterday to shop at the market and eat at Boca 7 (which is very good). In the back of the mall, in the nearly empty food court, is a brand new Filipino-Hawaiian place called Wholly Grill. Since we had already eaten we bought some items to-go to try for dinner. Considering we ate the food hours later and microwaved it, everything was good. What made it exceptional was the amount of food we got for the price. Also, the lady running it is from Cebu, and the style of cooking there differs from the Manila style most Phoenix Filipino restaurants employ (this according to my wife who was born in Manila but spent her adult life in Cebu). I hope this place will thrive. Its great to have an inexpensive Filipino place in town that can cook Cebuano dishes!
I was down in Arizona for a dental seminar. After a long day,, My friends and I decided to hit the mall(Mekong Plaza), Luckily, We ran into a newly opened Filipino/Hawaiian Resto. This place is a "MUST" try.  The food was EXCELLENT, YUMMY and the servings were HUGE!!!!  But most of all "GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE"  I can only wish we have something like this kind of "Mom and Pop" resto in northern cali.  We had a great experience and I "HIGHLY" recommend it.  I promise you will keep coming back for more.  :-)
As a Filipino in Phoenix it's hard to find Filipino restaurants in Phoenix especially Tagalog Filipino cooking. Most Filipinos in Phoenix are illocano or Visayan and there really isn't alot of Filipino restaurants to try so when my mom and I saw a banner outside of Mekong Plaza of a Filipino grill that just opened, I made sure that the next time I found myself at Mekong I'd stop and try it out. Anywho, Wholly Grill is owned by a Cebuana, and they specialize in grilling hence the name. There are usually two things I'll try out at a Filipino restaurant and that is their barbeque and the house special. In this case it was the pork barbeque and the Liempo (grilled pork belly). Chona the owner was pulling out all the stops to get people to try out her place hence the 4 stars coz she was giving out samples. The barbeque was not sweet which was good and not too saucy! I think that's what people are not big fans of and that's sugar sweet filipino food. The Liempo was not fatty nor salty and with the 2 scoops of rice and the macaroni salad (pinoy style with the raisins) along with two pork bbq sticks for around $10 it wasn't a bad deal. I just wish she had sago or Halo-Halo. But it's not bad, and if I need a Filipino fix I'll stop by at Wholly Grill! you should too!
Wholly Grill gives me yet another reason to make Mesa, and particularly the Mekong Plaza area, a favored gastronomic destination. Located in the north wing of the Mekong Plaza complex, a block away from the Mesa terminus of the light rail, Wholly Grill offers savory, satisfying  grilled and non-grilled Filipino dishes as well as juices and smoothies. Pork belly has become a craze in many restaurants recently, but the liempo (slices of pork belly marinated in citrus and soy, then grilled) in this place is a traditional Filipino dish and, after trying it in this Grill, has become one of my new favorite dishes. Make sure you order the grilled eggplant salad in lime-ginger dressing as a side - it accompanies the liempo perfectly. In addition to grilled and skewered chicken, pork, beef, and shrimp, you can also get specials such as nilaga (beef and veggies in broth), pancit (noodles), dinuguan and other Filipino specialties; just ask what the day's special is. 1-item plates with rice and a side cost between $5.95 and $7.50, and a 2-item combo is $8.50. And don't forget to finish your meal with the saging turon (fried banana roll, one buck); it's especially good when you add ice cream (for an additional buck).
After having read the reviews, I knew we had to give this place a try.  The husband and I had dinner here and are already planning on eating at the Wholly Grill regularly.

The service was superb.  The owner was very friendly and made sure we tried a sample of the house specials.  She was very attentive and made sure we were taken care of.

We had the BBQ chicken and the Liempo (BBQ pork belly) and both were excellent.  Our dishes took a few minutes as they don't cook the meal until you order it, but it was worth the wait.  We added an order of lumpai shanghai (at three pieces for $1, who can turn that down?) and the lumpai was also very good and very fresh.   We had the Cassava cake for dessert and it was a great ending to a delicious meal.

They are now offering longsilog and tosilog for breakfast too.

Prices are reasonable and portions are big.  Definitely try this place out - you will love it!
My picky children aged 7 and 11 loved the food. The youngest had the BBQ beef and gave it two thumbs up. My oldest said the eggrolls were the best he has ever had. He also had a great flan for dessert. Prices are very reasonable and the service is very friendly. This is in the mall with the Mekong supermarket so you can enjoy a great meal with your shopping trip. I had the bbq beef with the eggplant side (excellent). Even the macaroni salad is a cut above anything I've had before -- not too heavy like most. My wife had the pork skewers with the papaya salad side -- it was a perfect accompaniment to the grilled pork. We shared a strawberry banana shake, which thankfully was not too sweet.  It is a very rare occasion when everyone in the family likes a restaurant, but this one fit the bill.
This place is wonderful!  Great portions, great prices, great service, great food.  Defintiely plan on going back again and again!  Fortunately, we live close by.  Be sure to try the fried banana rolls with ice cream for dessert.  It's heaven!  My husband and I tried the pork belly and bbq pork.  Both excellent!
This place is so good. The owners Ivan and Chona were very personable and the samples were wonderful, we ended up getting a good selection of BBQ Chicken, BBQ Pork Belly, and Shrimp and Beef Skewers. We also had the banana rolls with ice cream, 

Go in the side door and not the main door, unless you love the smell of fish. The smell is not coming from Wholly Grill, but it is in the market.
I read the reviews. I had a craving for Flip food...so I dragged poor unsuspecting hubby along.

It's located inside the mall around the corner from the nail polish store. *swoons* Nail polish AND Flip food? Momma's come home. Too bad that nail polish is more expensive than that food!

Anyway, I was slightly put off by it not being a restaurant, but I got over it once I had that pork adobo goodness in my mouth...and all that RICE! The BBQ chicken. O.M.G. TO DIE FOR!

Their lumpia shanghai was good and 3 for $1 - I can easily see people totes forking out mega money to get that full feeling!

I met Chona and she was a total sweetheart. Note to self: add her on FB. :)

I really enjoyed the cassava cake and atchara.

I can't wait to bring mommy here when we're in AZ.
My brother-in-law suggested this place to me after he stumbled upon it shopping in the Mekong Plaza.  He told me about plates they served and how delicious it was.  we were both in the general area so i suggested we go and eat there...he didn't hesitate...

Finding this place may be a tad bit difficult because its not your typical store front location.  Follow the signs or ask around and you'll be fine.  Its located inside a plaza and is similar to the mall food court eating type experience (if anyone else is there. lots of seats. it was pretty empty but it was a tuesday afternoon) so just be ready for that.  

Wholly Plate #7 Two-Item BBQ Combo (except tuna) is what i ordered. Meat: Skewered BBQ Pork & Liempo (pork belly-"house special") Side: Macaroni (standard). Rice Included. *ordered a side of atchara (perfect combo with the BBQ) and of course extra scoop of rice. All of it was soooo good...thats all i really gotta say about that...with my nieces so dessert is unavoidable so we got a couple orders of turon w/scoop of ice cream ($1.00 each item)...delicious...

On a side note i couldn't help but acknowledge the owner for running to the store to get bananas for the turon as they just ran out.  they didnt have to do that but to see my nieces devour it is always worth the wait...or course be patient as the meat is made to order...did i mention its worth the wait?
4/7/10

Wanted to try this place back in March when Mom and I spotted an ad mentioning Filipino food in the plaza, but we'd already eaten pho, so had to wait until the next shopping opportunity brought us to this area again.  Met the very warm and friendly owners-- we really do wish them great success!

Since it was almost closing time, the food items in the buffet, and there weren't many to choose from, didn't look interesting, so we decided to try the pork skewers (the recipe of which the husband and wife team were very proud of), as well as the liempo (pork belly) serving that called out to Mom.  A combo plate of these two items also came with rice and achara (pickled papaya and carrots).  I also ordered one piece of saba at langka [saba bananas (or in this case, plantains) and jackfruit, wrapped in lumpia wrapper and deep-fried].

The wait for our food took longer than I expected, but it wasn't too much of an issue since Mom took awhile to do the groceries.  The wait, however, was worth it!  I really enjoyed the pork barbecue skewers- the flavors really took me back to my childhood in the Philippines, when street food, already a daily ritual for us then (and just now gaining popularity stateside) had us sampling BBQ, fried fishballs (and the many different sauces to dip them in!), steamed rolled rice and tuber pancakes, ripe and sour mangoes (the latter eaten with bagoong (very tiny salted shrimp) or vinegar and garlic, and "dirty" ice cream, to name a few from food carts that were to be seen all over Metro Manila and around colleges (grammar schools) and universities ("colleges" here).  Writing about those pork skewers actually make me want to stop at Mekong Plaza now, instead of going for Italian or French food I was considering earlier!  The liempo, on the other hand, I could've gone without; I remember thinking that we should've just ordered a double of the BBQ!  The skewers were just more flavorful than the pork belly pieces.  While Mom enjoyed the liempo, she did agree that the BBQ was were the money was at, and the owners really did have something to be proud of!

Let's not forget the dessert!  On second thought, maybe we should.  First, I didn't care for the presentation.  Take a gander at the photos, and you'll see what I mean.  Second, it wasn't very sweet.  Not even sweet enough.  See that pool of caramel sauce the turon rested on?  I did not leave a single drop on the plate!  Not because it was so delicious, but because the roll really needed the added punch.  Mom already knew it wasn't going to be anything to write home about, just by looking at the offering, but did wait till I took a couple of bites before saying "I should've just bought the ingredients at Mekong and made you those at home!"  My sentiments exactly, Mommy dearest!

Oh, but the pork BBQ!  Run and try some now!
I went to Wholly Grill last month based on the Yelp reviews. I've been to the Philippines a couple of times and have eaten all the native dishes. I had two barbeque pork skewers with the rice, carrots and brocoli. I normally don't like to review a place after one visit, but realistically, I don't find myself too excited to go back and give them another try.

The BBQ was meh. The yellowing brocoli and carrots were heavily drenched in pepper, not very appetizing.
I have one word for you, son.

Porkbellies.

Specifically, GRILLED Porkbellies.

With a side of rice, a side of pickled eggplant, a side of macaroni salad, and a side of cucumbers.

It doesn't get much better than this.  (crunch, crunch, crunch)
I've only been here a few times, and each time, the food has been really good.  It's a nice change-up from the other Filipino restaurants in AZ.

I usually order the grilled pork belly, grilled beef, rice and the eggplant condiment they have.

They cooked the grilled items when you order them, so it's a bit of a wait, but it's worth it.
Great little place. 
I ordered the grilled pork and Chris D. got the pork belly. They were both delish. I think I liked the belly best. 
They lady behind the counter was very helpful in explaining things (our first time with Filipino food). She also gave us some watermelon to go with our lunch. As we were leaving I asked about the special pork they had that day. She gave us a taste and it was melt in your mouth good. 
We actually had leftovers, I made pork fried rice with the next day. 
Thank you for the outstanding customer service.
Wholly Grill is no longer alone in the Mekong Plaza food court, as the other eateries finally opened during the Moon Festival. But the food is just as delicious as before and the service just as friendly. I had an overpowering craving for pancit palabok today and made the trek to Mesa to try Wholly Grill's version of it. It was wonderfully authentic: rice noodles generously bathed in a thick savory annatto-hued shrimp sauce, with tender shrimp, crunchy bits of crushed chicharon (pork rinds) and flakes of tinapa (smoked fish) -- Filipino comfort food like no other! Of course I had to pair it with gulaman at sago, a popular Filipino cold drink sweetened with panocha brown sugar and with cubes of gulaman (flavored agar) and tapioca balls.  The meal reminded me of the scene in the Disney movie Ratatouille, where the food critic took a bite of the food and was immediately transported to his mother's table when he was a child, eating her delicious cooking. That was pretty much like my experience today.
We met Chona who is the owner of the restaurant.  The food brings back memories back to Angeles City where we have an abundance of grill joints that sell grilled pork bellies and chicken.  Her special sauce makes her grilled food really tasty.
The food is okay and cold. They forgot my Oder =( I had to wait at least 20 minutes to get served. It was mind boggling because the girl in the behind the counter didn't noticed that my food wasn't serve yet and she is the one who took my money and I paid for my food. She had a very passive look and overall I am disappointed with the service and food. 
The staff needs to revamp their customer service and communication skills. That's why I had to give Wholly Grill one star. I would not eat there again.
I tried this place out for the first time today and must say it was the best experience I've ever had eating Filipino food in Arizona. Not only is the food spectacular (I had the Lechon plate), but the people are as friendly as ever! I'd been waiting to find a place in the metro Phoenix valley that serves tasty Filipino food with integrity and a positive attitude. I am happy to say that I have found it. Pinakamasarap na pagkain sa valley for sure!
I was in the area and starving for lunch so I popped in and tried their chicken adobo and lumpia and both were good and the adobo was very filling.  Finally I have found another Filipino place I can eat at again since my old fav closed.
Fast and friendly service, with hearty filling dishes.  Now to be honest, I am not an expert on Filipino cuisine, so all I can say is what my taste buds tell me, but the lumpia was very good, perfectly crispy on the outside, with flavorful meat on the inside.  The chicken adobo was also good, and reminiscent of soy sauce marinated chicken that my mom used to make.  They serve lechon on certain days, and I would definitely like to try some of that when I am in the mood for slow roasted pork!
Only tried the adobo, but I loved it!!
Excellent Filipino BBQ at this place.  I was visiting Phoenix for work and needed to satisfy my Pinoy craving and this place hit the spot.  I'm not sure what the owner's name was, but she made sure I was taken care.  The liempo here is one of the best I've ever had so make sure to order that.  The place is located in a shopping plaza so keep that in mind when you're looking for it.
First the Mekong food court has a charm all its own.  Enjoy it, embrace it.  We knew from prior reviews that Wholly Grill's claim to fame was the pork belly.  We tried the pork belly, tilapia and shrimp skewers all of which were very good as were portions and value.  The plates were topped off with plenty of rice and a side dish, which for both of us were steamed veg.  Pork belly would elsewhere be more expensive, and the tilapia was expertly foil wrapped and grilled with a fragrant and tasty ginger/onion/tomato mix.  All in all, much better than you'd expect from a food court meal.
I would actually go for 2 1/2 stars...The Lechon (special on Saturdays) tasted like it was premade. The "crispy" part of the pork belly was almost gooey. The meat itself tasted good, although better with some Kikkoman shoyu. The pancit was good, but heavy on the vegetables. The gem was the shanghai lumpias. For $2.00, you get 5 mini (half) lumpias, that are GREAT! They give you a sweet and sour sauce on the side, which I don't think goes well with it. Being a true Filipino, I like my lumpia with a vinegar sauce. If you ask the cashier, for a vinegar sauce, they have a white vinegar, with some onions in it. It was ok, better then then the sweet and sour...Overall, a descent find...
Yes I'm a fan! I rarely get to eat Filipino staple foods such as monggo (mung beans) with pork. I loved it. We went there for lunch with two other fellows and a Mexican friend - she liked the pork liempo. I finished my generous-portion plate of pork chop, rice and monggo. 

Also recommending egg roll (lumpia shanghai). I have also tried their ready-to-eat dried fish (called jeprox). What I did not like is the eggplant salad, kinda too cold and not seasoned.

Overall experience was great, can't wait to have another lunch sometime at Wholly Grill
Came here with a Filipino friend. Ordered the Lechon (pork), blood stew, and the pancit guisado. I love them!!! i love the Lechon especially, crispy skin and juicy meat.  Overall, very good filipino food!!
This was my first time there, I was looking for a quick to go place for lunch and I figure that since it was in a food court, it would be fast- but no I waited longer than I wanted and there was only one person in front of me. I ordered the bbq steak over rice, the food was good, the portion was ok. It was my first time having Filipino food and the cashier did try her best to explain their dishes to me. I just think this place would be better as a sit down resturant, not inside a food court. I also though that $11, was pretty pricey for a quick lunch.
Great
Back to the roots is what I say.  NOTHING will beat moms cooking but this place is definately a soul soothing gem hidden in the Mekong plaza.  Charming food and friendly places but its definately something for the adventurous palate if you'd not accustomed to the cuisine of the Phillippines.  Try the Bangus (marinated fish dish) served ith rice and Eggplant.  Exotic, tasty and stays in the box.  If you're looking for more americanized anything in the BBQ region but if you'd like to get a taste of real Filipino food the Sinagang with the fish sauce is AMAZING!
Food is just OK, service is very slow and menu items are limited. There is actually not much real Filipino food on the menu. Centers around grilled items (chicken, beef, etc.) that has obviously been cooked before hand and reheated. I wouldn't eat here again unless it was the only restaurant in Mekong Plaza that was open and I was VERY hungry.
The restaurants in the Mekong Plaza are all worth at least one try. The Wholly Grill is one that is worth a second, third and fourth try. We needed something good and cheap for dinner, and are all about supporting local businesses when we can, so we meandered over to the Plaza to see what the food court had to offer. We opted for Wholly Grill and were not disappointed! 

I got the grilled pork belly and my partner went for the pork skewers. I couldn't tell you which one I liked more. The skewers were tender and juicy, and my partner loved the eggplant salad she got with it. They reminded me of the awesome street food you find in that part of the world. My pork belly was crispy on the outside, and the perfect texture on the inside. If not cooked right, pork belly can be chewy, rubbery or like trying to gnaw on a piece of fat. This was not like that at all. I was full and kept eating. Every time I thought I was done, I saw another piece of meat on my plate and had to have it. 

The staff was super friendly. When asked what she recommended, she giggled and said the pork belly, like she wasn't expecting a ginger, white girl to go with her suggestion. There are a few more things on the menu I'd like to try, if I can get around ordering something other than the pork belly. Which I'm already craving again.
Since the first time we tried the Liempo and the lechon, we were hooked!  We are from Las Vegas and every time we come to Arizona, we have to go and eat at Wholly Grill.  The pork liempo and their lechon (on Saturdays and Sundays) are awesome!  On the 22nd, we took our entire family here to have lunch before we shop for our ingredients at Mekong market.  Everybody loved what they ordered.  My brother in law loves their chicken adobo, my husband super loved their chicken bbq and my niece loves the dinuguan that she ordered.  The rest of the family ordered the liempo like me.  

We also loved Ate Chona, she owns the place and cooks everything.  She is one sweet lady that takes pride on her cooking.  We have ordered party trays here and have never been disappointed.  Their food takes a little longer to come out because she cooks them fresh.  You cannot rush perfection -- this is coming from a person that loves to cook and takes pride on the food that I make as well.

Last Monday, we ordered a tray of Lechon Kawali (it would have been lechon but Ate Chona did not have fresh pork belly anymore) for our Noche Buena. Another top notch dish from Wholly Grill.  It was totally delish!!  The tray went too quick and was disappointed that I wouldn't have any left over for the lechon paksiw.  I always recommend Wholly Grill to all my friends who wants to visit Arizona.  

A must try place if you are craving or wants to try good Filipino dish ... you won't be sorry! We totally love this place!  I wish we have a place in Vegas that is comparable to this.
Tried the celebrated pork belly.  Tasty, especially with the dipping sauce, not bad at all, but imho not nearly as good as the roast pig next door in the Mekong Palace.  The accompanying vegetable, broccoli, was way undercooked, almost raw.  Some of the other dishes that I saw  - shrimp with noodles and rice - looked interesting.  2 1/2 rounded up to 3.
I happened to go on a day of a Filipino Festival in the mall. Long lines of customers at Wholly Grill, most of whom were speaking Tagalog. So this place seems pretty authentic. The grilled skewers were fine. I was particularly hungry that afternoon. The service was chaotic, but I think it was due to the festival. Food was coming out slowly and there wasn't any order to the line once I ordered. Others received food ahead of me. I'm sure they'll be more consistent on non-festival days. The festival was fun to watch.
Located in the food court at MeKong Plaza, this is a great place for authentic and very tasty Filipino food.  We ordered the BBQ chicken plate and the bangus (fried whitefish) as well as the palabok that we ate within the food court.  Absolutely fantastic!  We live in Prescott Valley and there isn't a decent Asian restaurant within 50 miles.  It was a real treat to eat Filipino food again and this restaurant won't disappoint!  Atmosphere isn't that great, but the people who work there are terrific and the food is wonderful.  We got the dinuguan to go and it was also terrific.
This is the coolest little place! Yummy lumpia, great prices, reminds me of the Porter Square Asian Food Court in Boston... Who could argue?!
Cowabunga Dudes:

This place ROCKS.
Had the pork skewers - best damn fillipino food this side of Manila.
Will definitly go back. Can't wait to try the chicken.

Rock On,

Moi.
This place is so cool.  Food is made to order, so it's nice and fresh.  The menu was pretty large and I was disappointed that I couldn't try any of the meat dishes (oh, Lenten Fridays!).  I mean, the pork belly looked PHENOM.  I decided to order the grilled mahi-mahi.  Any of the entrees come with rice and one side, so I chose the eggplant salad.  (It was either that or the papaya salad.  That's an awesome option to have, right?)  

I was starving when I got there, so even though I probably only had to wait for 15 minutes, I felt like I was waiting for an eternity!  The mahi-mahi had a nice garlicy flavor to it, so when you combined it with the white rice + vinegar/soy sauce, it was too good.  The eggplant salad was different than anything I've ever had and it added a nice saltiness to the dish.  

Another Filipino food win!
If you didn't know they were here, you might miss them.  They are in the Mekong Plaza, but are not visible from the outside.  You have to go through the first set of doors that take you to the market, then go down the hallway at the north end.  Back in there is a food court, and Wholly Grill is there.

This place specializes in Filipino food.  There aren't a lot of Filipino places in Phoenix, and even fewer on the east side.  Of the ones I've tried this was as good as any of them, and had bigger portions.  One huge complaint I have with many of them is the microscopic portions (that often include bone and fat).  Here the portion was reasonable.

They have a decent variety of dishes here.  The ones we tried were very tasty.  Not as good as my wife makes (by a long shot), but tasty.  The ladies behind the counter were friendly.  

I wouldn't journey here just to have dinner.  But if we're at Mekong (or nearby) and feel like some food I definitely can see returning.
Every now and then I decide to hit Mekong Plaza for the hell of it (Mostly the market to try new things).  I knew there was plenty of restaurants in the plaza, but haven't been in any of them.  So, anyways we seen this place on Yelp before in the past, but haven't decided to try it at that time.  So the other day, my friend and I, after checking out Guitar Center, drove over here to check out this restaurant.

Ok, first of all, it is part of there food court, so its not really a sit-down restaurant.  It looks smaller compared to the other eateries in the food court, but the menu looks impressive.  When we both go to a new place, for some reason we usually get the same foods, nothing fancy, but things that look tasty and that we know we would enjoy.  So we both got the BBQ Combo plate with the rice and Macaroni Salad (always a favorite side dish).  We sat down at the table right in front of the restaurant, in case they couldn't find us. 

First thing I noticed was the flys, because someone did seem to slack at cleaning the tables (dont know who is responsible for that).  We were the only ones who ordered and waited probably 6 minutes before anyone else ordered, so we knew they were probably working on our food.  Finally about 20 minutes after we did order the food came out (heard they make food after you order so no big deal).

The beef looked and tasted great (don't know anything about Filipino BBQ beef so it tasted fine to me).  They gave a great amount of rice, and just a little sample cup sized of macaroni salad (tasted great, wish it could of been more).  For a decent price, it wasn't too bad at all.

There is plenty of places to check out there, even Asian Cafe Express (down the street) is excellent on its own.  I recommend trying this place and even the other restaurants there as well.
It has been a while since I've dined at this place.  It used to be okay, but now seem to have slid down the scale a little bit.  First, the Kare-Kare lacked meat and looked like it was sitting in a warmer for several hours as the meat was somewhat soggy.  Same with the Adobo.  The grilled Liempo was pretty good, so was the lumpia.  Service was a bit slow compared to most asian eateries.  As for the Halo-Halo desert, not only did it not have much ingredients to it, but they added mango.  In case they forgot Halo-Halo should never have Mango bits to it.  The milk and acidic fruit just don't blend well.  To top it off, there were too many flies in the food court.  Overall, not a pleasant experience, and definitely not going back in the near future.
I will come back every Saturday and Sunday every once in awhile just to get the lechon not the lechon kawale because my mom makes hers a lot better along with our Turon that has my sisters and my favorite included: langka. Which we found out that theirs does not include it,just sweet banana which was really good it's just kind of a bummer when you know the Turon that we make obviously has it.

I felt bad for my mom since she thought the guy standing in the front could speak any dialect from the Philippines to find out he's from Hawaii, so none of the things she was saying to him in Tagalog went right over his head.  Anyways back to food!
?
Pancit palabok-C-
Lechon kawale-C
Lechon-A++++
We got the Adobo. Was okay but my pork was full of little bones and hardly any meat. I bit on my first bite and a sharp bone stabbed my gum. It was painful. I don't think I'll ever get it again.
Having the Lechon Plate...Cebu Style slow roasted pork with crispy skin.. two skeweeed BBQ pork...and of course. .
Having a Halo- Halo..
Ordered the Lechon plate with the sweet cucumber. I was kinda sad...my rice was warmer than the entree. And the flavor was not as bold as I imagined it would have been. Also had the pork skewer....amazing flavor I must say! Next time im gonna order the BBQ Beef Plate. The halo-halo was delicious as always. Im gonna come as often as I can so I can start knockin down everything on the menu...one by one.
Went in here early on a Saturday night to check out the new small location near the Aliante casino.  It is definitely more of a bakery and take out of limited classic Filipino dishes such as fresh lumpia (Filipino egg roll), dinuguan (specialty vinegar, blood, spices, and coconut with meat and innards), and pancit, a Filipino style pasta dish and others. 

There are only two tables in the whole place.  Really we came in here only to get halo halo ($5) which means "mix-mix".  This is a crushed ice and milk dessert with preserved fruits (beans, corn, lanka, and kaong, and topped with ube (taro) ice cream. You mix it all up and use a long spoon to eat and drink.  You can go ghetto and drink it down like a soda.  It's gross that way because you'll end up slurping to get everything in your mouth. Little kids eating it this way lose some of it on their faces, some on their shirt, and some on the floor. 

I also bought a small pack of mini baked rice cakes ($5) - plain and ube. My brother also ordered the fresh lumpia ($4.50) which was a rice wrapper filled with sliced pork and fresh vegetables, and topped with a warm sauce.  It's made to look like a dripping burrito but unless you scrape off the sauce, use a knife and fork. Everything we ordered was good, but the other dishes in the cafeteria style eatery was really worn down by the end of the night.

I like these smaller Goldilocks locations.  The large ones in CA are sit down places have terrible service.  Often, there is no host so you end up seating yourself anyway.  Here you order, then if you're lucky, you find your seat, then someone takes your order to your table. Simpler is sometimes way better.
So I was getting crazy hungry at Costco and saw the sign for Goldilocks....I've wanting some Filipino pastries so perfect timing (I was JUST talking about enseymada the night prior).

They had a small prepped food selection, but Crispy Pata was calling me on their cook to order menu. Oh the hypertension! The server asked if I was eating in and immediately told me to please sit myself down. I think they might have expanded since the 1st persons review since there was a good sized dining room. He prepped a table with some utensils and plates and cups of water and asked for our drink order as well.

The BF was still full from his lunch, so he got a Ube Shake with Boba. My crispy pata is a la carte so had to order a side of rice. It was pretty decent as far as it being soft and juicy inside and having a good chip like crisp to the skin. I was happy. I havent had this in a long time, but this is one of those that you SHOULDN'T eat on a regular. The Ube shake was good flavor, but the ice was rather too coarse for a "shake". For Halo-Halo it would be good, but not a drink. 

They came to check on us and also brought a bag for the pastries I selected (Ham Enseymada, Puto Bumbong...both pretty good)  and asked if they can get us anything else. 

If you have been to a bigger, busy Goldilocks they are a lot more impersonal. Order, seat yourself, throw your own paper plates and plastic utensils away. I was kinda taken aback that this one has that Filipino hospitality. Doesn't matter if it's "fast food", they want us to be comfortable and that is why I give this a 4 when most Goldilocks are at a 3 for being just A-OK food and minimal customer service. I never take for granted a caring staff. 

Will come back. A plus is it's fairly close to my house. The other location is way on the other side of town.
With my experience with Goldilocks on June 23 , 2010 i tried ordering stuff from the menu and most of the items are not available and the food is not even worth the quality the way its prepared specifically the siopao turns out to be cold on the inside and hard on the outside as if it was microwaved EATING AT THIS GOLDILOCKS IS VERY EXPENSIVE . if i were you i would not go here . ;O
I like most Filipino food I've tried and this place is pretty cool to me. I've been raving about my sister-in-law's pianono since Thanksgiving of 2007 and have been looking for a good substitute since. I like the little loafs you can purchase here. All though they do not compare they do have the ability to take the edge off the craving. I found a new favorite, Ube. I don't know what it is but I like it. It's my favorite color... PURPLE. 

I have not actually stopped in to eat, seeing that my Filipino husband says no matter what "it's not like mom makes." Still I don't know, next time I go I'll leave him behind.
If I had just one word for this place, it's "s-l-o-w".  The food is okay.  I was one of two customers, and I think the staff was overwhelmed.  

I can wait for good food.  I can wait for good food if it's busy and there's a waiting list.  I can't wait for marginal food with horrible service.  

The baked goods (already made in the display) are decent and bring this one star shop up to a two star.
Worst food I have ever had. Horrible service. Stick to the baked goods not the food.
This place is horrible. I am Filipino and this place puts me to shame. I ate here with my family one day and the service was slow and the food sucked. The server never got my order right and served me cold food. The boba drink I ordered should have been my first sign because it was so bland and was not blended to the right consistency. The server never even checked up on us after and we were polite and his ONLY table in the place....this place is an utter disappointment, so if you want the crappiest service and horrible food this place is for you.
I wasn't too impressed with Goldilocks Bake Shop when it comes to service and even their food.  Visited here a couple of times in the last year.  Normally, these visits are a request by my mom when she's in town.  She doesn't complain much, but could tell she's never really satisfied with the food.  As for me, I always feel like I am inconveniencing the employees here just by walking in and having them ring me up.  Simple Hello, Thank You, or even a smile would have brought my rating to at least a 3.  

My most recent visit was for some freshly baked Pan De Sal.  Guess What??  No can do.  Once I walked in I just realized that I wasn't at Valerio's where they sell fresh Pan De Sal.  No fresh Pan De Sal also means no freshly made Filipino Pastries.  I ended up getting a Ensaymada just so I can give them a little business.  

Also...no credit/debit if purchases are less than $10.  Just happens to be the day I forgot to hit the ATM.  No problem.  I found enough spare change in my car to make my purchase. 

I've been to Goldilocks in Vallejo, San Jose, and San Diego.  Never an issue at those locations.  I will probably not go out of my way to come back.  But if mom is in town and she wants Pinoy food, then I guess I have no choice.
This Goldilocks shut down and is no longer in business.
Kusina Ni Lorraine could easily become my new favorite Filipino Restaurant in Las Vegas. We recently had their food for Christmas dinner - delicious! Portions are big but the tastes are bigger! I recommend the pancit, lechon kiwali and turon - the trifecta of great filipino food.
So much for my "First to Review"

I'm 2nd to review


Family trip to Vegas means a few things.
- Be prepared to eat. Buffets all day everyday!
- Practice that smile, because you will be taking lots of pics!! (Oo the Eiffel tower!, ooh the lights!, Ooh the water show!, Ooh the giant billboard of the half naked ladies!)
- Be prepared to take turns watching the kids (rugrats not allowed on the casino floors)
- Be prepared to eat.
Yes I know I said that twice, but its the honest truth. When you go to Vegas with the fams I swear they just want to eat everything.
On this particular trip, buffets were on top of the list. A full buffet of Filipino food is what made this trip different than all my other trips to Vegas!
Kusina ni Lorraine(Lorraine's Kitchen?) used to be called Lolas. It is located off the strip in a Filipino plaza. (Filipinos taking over!? First Manny, now the buffet industry??)
Good:
- the grub. Besides the typical Pancit, lumpia, adobo, they had other favorites of mine such as beef steak, kare kare(dish made with peanut butter) and other items I cannot pronounce nor spell..(sad, I know)
- Family owned. Lorraine herself took care of us!
Bad:
- if only there were more variety. (Like at the typical buffets, you have food from around the world. Here you have food from the Philippines...exciting, I know)
Ugly:
- My belly! I don't live at home anymore so eating Filipino food is rare. I made sure I packed my stomach with as much as I could!
Vegas, yes we know what happens here stays here. Filipino Buffets, please stay there!!
Phil-USA Bikers held a breakfast officers meeting last July 24, 2010 at Kusina ni Lorraine.  Kusina ni Lorraine customer service is the lowest of the lowest.  Before two hours of our meeting, we were told by the owner, I believe her name is Aida, that we need to move our motorcycles to the uptairs parking area or leave because there are  only few parking spaces for other customers.  They do not have the right to make us or any paying customer moved their vehicle from the front parking area.  One, there is sign that limits our time to park.  Two, there is no sign that says "Kusina ni Lorraine" parking space so, it is a public spaces.  Their food is close to poison.  I had "Bopes" that morning and I have to missed my lunch and dinner because of gas built-up on my stomach.  That will be the last of me Kusina ni Lorraine visit.
Let's see...writing this review is gonna be a bit of a challenge because I really don't know what most of the foods are called.  I will, however, say that Kusina Ni Lorraine is a fantastic buffet.  Having spent 3 nights in Vegas at this point and nursing a hang over, my friend Mon and I headed over to this little buffet on the recommendation of her mother.  Being Filipino, we figured that if her mother approved, Kusina Ni Lorraine must at least be decent.

Some of the highlights of this buffet definitely has to be the crab omelets, those delicious little Filipino sausages, and the blood stew.  Everything else there was pretty good too.
I'm Filipino and I'm used to all the "interesting" habits of my culture. So when the owner's  cute 2 year old daughter climbed up to the table and starting eating my food that didn't bother me. And it didn't bother me that even tho she took a liking to my 9 month old son and kept playing with him and us and the owners didn't even try to stop her or get her. lol. What can I say? We must all look like relatives to her! 

Anyways, but for $7.99 and all the choices of food you get, it's a steal. Oh yeah and the flat screen TVs showing TFC on heavy rotation is a plus for the hardcore. It's clean and spacious inside and the owners/staff were constantly wiping up and changing out food. That's probably why they weren't watching their girl. lol.

Everything I had was good (fried bangus, pinakbet, bistek, curry) except a small amount of pancit palabok they had out, it tasted spoiled. My MIL, let them know and they immediately removed it, but they didn't offer us a discount. What can I say they're pinoy right? And I personally like my sisig more on the crunchy side. It looked crunchy but wasn't. =( 

I'd come here again as its so close to the strip and a nice change from all the American buffets etc you'd normally eat in LV. My recap:

Pros:
-Large selection of tasty food
-Clean & spacious facility, so go ahead and bring everyone and their lola
-Close to the strip
-Attentive and friendly staff
-Hella Pinoy

Cons:
-Hella Pinoy (lol...kidding).
-The spoiled palabok, looked like it was the last bits from lunch or something. 
-They could have more desserts available in the buffet. All they had was honeydew, pineapple (can), cantaloupe and cheapy ginataan.
Been here twice... the selection seemed about the same... but not so sure. 
It's like walking into an aunt's house. The workers there are friendly, speak Tagalog to you right off the bat, even if you don't speak it (good or bad? Hmmm) and make sure you're ok for the most part.
I like the pork gisantes they have, and the pancit is pretty tasty! At $7.99/ person there's not much to complain about. They also sell other goodies and snacks at the register.
Probably will be back with the fam soon.

Honorable mentions:
Pusit
Diniguan (dinardaraan)

Ohh, parking is somewhat odd. One way only, so make sure you take the correct entrance! Although the lot is small, I usually find parking right away!
I need to convince the parents to take us here more often instead of our usual spot at Pinoy Pinay. It was hard to come across something that wasn't good. From the adobo, to the pancit, to the bistek (beef steak), to the tinola. It was flat out scrumptious. You're guaranteed to make at least two trips. Forgot to mention it's buffet style, which is a plus in my book. No doubt I'll head back here the next time I want Filipino food in Vegas.
The food is bland and tasteless. Maybe I'm spoiled by good filipino food. The tocino is flavorless, how can this happen? The karekare had no flavor as wells as the adobo. Really? How can you botch those up? 

At least the food was warm and fresh. But I would eat anything cold with more flavor. The food here isn't made with care. This is a big let down.
Hubby and I ate here on Sat night, 12/18/10.  Parking is one-way at this little strip mall, so watch where you enter from Maryland Ave.  Kusina Ni Lorraine is a Filipino buffet for $7.99 for AYCE.  Drinks are extra -- don't know if they serve alcohol, as we don't drink alcohol.  But they have a choice of sodas and they also serve ice tea.  

The variety of meats (ulam) are mixed and varied.  But unfortunately most of it was pretty greasy.  I had the kare kare  -- which was not the best in the world as it was pretty bland, even after adding the bagoong.  I also sampled the paksiw, bistek, pusit (squid), and pinakbet.  The bistek and pusit were good of the meats I sampled.  Hubby had the sweet & sour meatballs, bistek, pancit, and beef caldereta.  Hubby enjoyed the bistek and caldereta.    

The steamed rice is on the buffet in a regular steam pan and not in a large rice cooker (as most Filipino restaurants serve their steamed rice from a large rice cooker).  Prefer the steamed rice to be in a rice cooker so that it doesn't dry out.  Oh well  ...  There is also a choice of fried rice.  Not too many desserts on the buffet  --  I did see a rice bibingka, but since we do not really eat dessert, we did not go looking for any others.  

This is a cash only establishment, so be forewarned.  There are TV's on each wall with TFC on.  The restaurant is relatively clean and although not "Johnny on the Spot" with clearing your dirty plate, they do eventually come to your table to pick up your dirty plates.  They do insist that when you go for 2nd or 3rd helpings that you pick up a new plate.  (I believe this is a Nevada state law regarding buffets).  

This is only the 2nd Filipino restaurant we've tried in Vegas.   We've been to Pinoy/Pinay and it is still our favorite in Vegas.  Although for $7.99 a person, Kusina Ni Lorraine is still a bargain.  You are bound to find an "ulam/meat" that you like, as they do have a large and varied selection.  Next time we are in Vegas, we will have to try them during breakfast/lunch hours to see if their breakfast foods are better.
If you are craving some good Filipino Style Home Cooked foods and too lazy to cook that day....GO HERE!
Whenever someone asks -"Where is there a good Filipino Restaurant?" - I always say KNL!  
It's not a fancy place,  so don't expect VIP treatment or someone waiting on your beckon call.  What you can expect is plain ole good cooking like home.  If you get there early enough...you can have "SILOG" BFASTS.  
- and all the times we have gone there- they always have fresh CHICHARON CHICKEN SKIN.  (Which my gf Yvette loves)
Lots of choices also.  ( I have been to other Flip Buffets and the choices were not as much as KNL)
$$$$ the price?  So minimal for a buffet! But carry cash only.
Location?  If you are visiting and staying on the strip- it is not too far for a quick cab ride.
If you are into TFC...they have it on for your pleasure.  
Dessert- not really much, GINATAAN and some cut up fruits.  But really.... after hella eating- who needs fruits.  
At the counter where you pay there are some CHICHIRIA (snacks) you can check out and buy.  

I highly recommend this place.  Go enjoy....your tummy will be happy.

DON'T FORGET TO TIP YOUR BUSBOY!  BE NICE.
LOVE IT!  I wish there was a Filipino restaurant just like this out here in California, even more so out here in Garden Grove!
this place isn't a typical restaurant or buffet that you're looking for if you're not filipino. 

as for me, the atmosphere felt almost as if i went back home again {: 

it's been a long while since i've eaten filipino. so i was DEFINITELY satisfied when i ate over there!

i think it'd be better if they had a dessert section though. cus filipino desserts are yummy! instead, they had a fruit section that was not getting refilled :[
KUSINA NI LORRAINE is a 'MUST' if you're:

1. Visiting Las Vegas and in dire need to have filipino food...
2. On a budget... Buffet for $7.99...

Gotta admit... I've tasted better on some dishes, but overall, the variety is awesome, ingredients taste fresh and there are so many dishes... guaranteed something for everyone!

If this review meets your criteria... What you waiting on??? GO!
We had a reunion recently in Vegas.  I had arranged for my cousin & her hubby to pick me up at the airport before meeting with my friends ...my plane came 3 hours earlier than most of them. I was craving for some  "dinuguan" they  drove me to this place for lunch.

Love It....I come from New York where most Filipino restaurants serve a combo of 2 courses plus rice for $5.95 and the portions are too damn small.  This Kusina ni Lorraine is a filipino buffet ...Eat all you can for $7.99.  .and the dishes are pretty good...the pinapaitan, sisig, sinampalokang manok, dinuguan, 
inihaw na baboy, bopiz, adobong pusit, munggo guisado,tinola, binagooan, were my favorites..but the list did not end there...they have kare-kare, adobo, pancit, tahong, ampalaya guisado, upo guisado, and many more.....It's so good we had to go back  there like 3 times..we also dined in other filipino places, but I find this place a lot better...

For desserts they have cut up fruits...pineapple, cantaloupe, honeydew & watermelon.  Oh and some ginatang muggo...

They also have tuyo, tapa, tocino, daing na bangus, fried egg...longanisa...unbelievable...I wish there was one like this here in NEW YORK!!!   .Will I go back again?  Certainly!!!!
If you love food that's floating with oil, then go A head be my guest.
this buffet is only $7.99 with soda being extra. they have a pretty clean and spacey dinning area with flat screen tvs playing TFC.  mirrors on walls opposite from the tvs so everyone can watch. considering the beat up location around the restaurant i give them props. most of the food is pretty good like their lechon dish. they could've added a chicken dish like chicken adobo or bbq or fried chicken cause there was only meat or seafood dishes. they also have some Filipino snacks and desserts that are sold separately from the buffet.

they are friendly and have good customer service. the llittle girl always does funny things cause she doesn't know any better. she took the open/close sign from the window and started waving it around while they were cleaning up and already closed. she also kept pushing away the moping bucket when they were moping.
Hands down, the best Filipino buffet I have had in Vegas!

The place is located on a strip mall across the street from Boulevard mall. When you walk in, you will notice how big, and clean it is. How the their marble top tables and chairs are all nice and even quite comfy. 

They let you eat first before you pay. The cost per person is $7.50 for the AYCE Filipino buffet.  

They have a HUGE selection of Filipino foods  including but not limited to: sotanghon, ginatan bilo bilo, sisig, adobong kangkong, lumpia (meat and veggies kind you dip in vinegar "suka"). They must have had 100 different entrees to choose from , without exaggeration. 

Soda is unlimited , just pour your own from the soda fountain section in the back of the buffet.

When it was time to pay my bill, I find out they only accept CASH!!
I had to run to the bank right next door to Wellsfargo (which was not a big deal) but a bit embarassing, I had to leave my daughter there, so they wouldn't think I was going to run out without paying. I was thinking to myself, "what business nowadays don't accept credit card or debit cards?".. not a big deal, i needed the walk anyway after all that pig out session i just did ha!!

Definitely will come back next time i crave filipino food after church on Sunday.

PS, they play TFC like any other filipino joint. =P
Ok I just moved into the area and came into Kusina Ni Lorraine to get some take-out.  This place was extremely busy at the buffet so that usually is a good sign.  My dad bought some entrees and I purchased some dessert items.   I bought 2 karioka sticks, 1 banana que, and 1 halo-halo.  I gave them a $20 bill and received $7 back.  Of course, there is no pricing on any of the items except the halo-halo, which was listed on the board for $4.  At first I thought this was really expensive and after consulting with my wife and dad in the car, my instincts were right.  Being Filipino-American and only being able to speak in English, I felt they definitely decided to pull one over on me and overcharge.  As I was leaving, they were talking about me in Tagalog and I'm not sure exactly what they said but I laughed and they knew I understood.  So when I got home, I anonymously called and asked how much the karioka and banana que are.  They told me $1.99 for the banana que and $1.75 each for the karioka.  So the total should have been $9.50 instead of the $13 I was charged.  I immediately confronted them about the price discrepancy and the lady obviously remembered me coming in and came up with an excuse saying she charged me for a "large" halo-halo that cost $6 instead of $4.  Anyways, you get the point.  The halo-halo and banana q weren't good and the karioka was decent.   My dad ordered sisig and it was soggy.  The other entrees he got weren't that good either.

We won't be coming back and I'll be sure to tell others not to waste their time here.  It's too bad because they lost potentially long-term customers.  I'm sure there are much better Filipino places in the area that I'll be giving my money to in the future.
love it!!! great filipino buffet. we love the staff. great place to go anytime of the day
Food is alright. Just dont waste ur food so u dont get charged xtra.
Darn it, I really wanted this place to be awesome. We arrived there after work around 7:40p...they closed at 8p! So we had to deal with the leftovers from the day. So of course, as all endings to Filipino parties go the food was luke warm, there were no garlic rice, no lumpia, and very limited choices. Well, $8 for dinner ain't nada I guess. Soda is extra btw. 

At least the ladies were nice about us being there. There were even a couple people coming in for dinner, so I didn't feel too bad. TFC (The Filipino Channel) was on, of course which made me feel like I was at my mom's house. Gave me a warm feeling...unlike the food. HA!

I had heard very good things about this place in it's primetime (lunchtime is the best I heard) but I definitely won't be coming back that late. I'll try it again when I'm back in town.
One of my favorite Filippino buffets in Las Vegas. Its not their fault they lost a star. Its just the area. Lock your car. It is a comfortable, and clean restaurant. When I dine here, I get memories of the Philippines.
Treated myself this is homestyle Filipino buffet yesterday before meeting a friend at the New Hispanic Museum of Nevada location at the Boulevard mall across the street and before attending RAWVegas last night.  I came hungry as was not disappointed. 
Eating here transports back to the barangays and the fish head soup was particularly memorable for me.  This is basic Filipino fare but always satisfying.
As the other reviewers point out,  this restaurant is basic Filipino cafeteria style, but very clean and the staff invariably pleasant.  There is a wide selection of dishes, although a Vegan would find the offerings rather meager.
Hands down, the worst Filipino buffet I've ever been to. I really didn't like the food selection (not varied enough, too bland) and the restaurant could be a little cleaner.

My major gripe was when I found a long piece of hair in my fish. I pointed it out to the wait staff and the lady just took away my plate without offering any apology. On top of it, I was still charged full price for the buffet. I realize that restaurants have different policies when handling these types of situations, but the least the staff could have done was acknowledge my complaint instead of sweeping it under the rug. I will never go here again.
We had lunch here yesterday, and it was so delicious. We enjoyed every dish, and Maribec is a food critic especially of her own cuisine. So that says a lot. Staff was very friendly. "Bangus" was deep-fried with crispy skin.... fabulous. I enjoyed everything! Plus, it was all extremely reasonable. $7.99 per person, not counting beverages.
Came here for the first time last weekend.  Funny how I found out about this place from out of town friends.  

Food is varied.  I took three trips to the buffet and every time, there is new dish being served.   Most dishes are good, reminds you of your mom's or aunt's cooking.  Pancit malabon and kare-kare are my favorites.  Some are just ok.

Wish they served leche flan for dessert.  But for about $10, soda included, this buffet was worth it.
I felt like I was eating at at Filipino family party at this place, for only $7.95 per person.  CASH ONLY (leave the credit cards in your wallet).   You can eat as healthy (or unhealthy) you want here.   Non-Filipinos were eating here when I visited, so perhaps they think the food is good here, too ??   

Looking forward to coming back here.  Worth it, especially if you are from out of town, AND have a car rental.  Not sure it's worth it if you have a take cab from the strip, since it's a lil bit of drive.

Food isn't really greasy for Filipino food.  Didn't taste any MSG, either =).  

Limited dessert selection (i.e. fresh fruit), but you don't eat here for the dessert.

Enjoy your favorite ABS-CBN or GMA shows, depending on what channel is on !  Great service.
This place is seriously the bomb!  Delicious food, excellent service and not too far from the strip.  Everyone must try this place.  I will definitely come back here when in Vegas!!! I was upset with my family from Vegas for not letting me know about this place sooner.
Good stuff and pretty cheap too!!!
We decided to try this buffet again, we were in vegas last year and wasn't impressed with this establishment for the main reason: FOOD IS ALWAYS COLD!!!! For goodness sake, turn up the heat underneath where the food sits and no need to make a mound of food, the dilis was piled  mountain high but tasted stale and cold. I will guarantee you from getting your plate of food to sitting down, your food will be cold. Food is bland, it's seems like they are more concerned with the quantity of food they put out instead of the quality. I won't go there again.
Best filipino food deal in vegas. Bar none!!
I always come here to get some food to-go, and the staff are always so friendly and helpful. You can get a plate of rice and two types of food for $5--what a deal!

The food is best around lunchtime and right before dinner--that is when it is the freshest because of the turnover from the number of people eating there.

On Sundays, the dining room can be packed full of hungry Filipino families chowing down for the buffet, and they keep the food coming pretty regularly. For only around $8 a person for quality Filipino food, this place is great for a group of people to eat.

The only thing I don't like is the area where the restaurant is located. Directly across Maryland Parkway from Sears/the Boulevard Mall, this place makes me want to get out of my car and into the restaurant quickly, and vice versa when I'm done. The parking lot can be also be pretty full, so you may have to go around again and park on the roof. It is also not the most pleasant area to be around in the evening. I have no qualms about the restaurant itself, however!

When you come, try their sisig or the bopis. They're both usually pretty fresh and delicious. The kare-kare is also excellent, with extra bagoong. Try it out!
While visiting Vegas with family, our family friend who lives in the area took us here. Where my mom currently lives does not have filipino food available, so she was excited to go to a buffet that was exclusively filipino food.

The price is reasonable... I think it was a little below $8 a person (not including drinks). The food was really good and the variety was great! Whenever one dish would run-out, they would bring out a totally different dish in its place. So I knew what we were eating was fresh (for a buffet haha). I guess that's also a downer though. When your favorite dish is gone, it's gone (well until the kitchen decides to make another batch). Loved the bilo-bilo that came out right when we finished, so I had to go make a quick run to grab some before it ran out.

The manang (who I assume is the owner or family of the owner) was very kind and great to talk to. She kept apologizing that they didn't make a certain dish that a person in our group wanted to eat. She also gave me the heads up that the bilo-bilo was out. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at this place, but I wouldn't not go back here.
I was glad that we got to try out this Filipino restaurant when we visited LV last week. I'm not familiar with any Filipino buffets in Socal so this was a treat. 

First off, the selection is quite a lot when considering that most turo turo only have between 6-8 dishes available. When I went they had at least 20. For sure they had everything from Dinuguan, Tocino, Daing, Munggo and even Sisig (which was my favorite dish of all).

The place itself was clean. The area where the food was held was clean as well. The only thing I thought was different was the use of the trays. I know that probably served to keep the area clean and all, but I felt it just used up more room on the tables than needed to be. That part wasn't really much of a deterrent. I will come back again.

My only gripe would be the parking. There is a one way parking and above building parking if you don't see it right away you'll miss it and have to make a u turn or two. hehe. If it wasn't for that I may have given 5 stars. Especially being the only filipino buffet around (not to mention the taste of the food was good!
"Pinay ako!" That's the Filipino/Tagalog phrase for "I'm a Filipina." When I saw this place had Hello Kitty stickers with "Pinay ako" on their wall, I had a feeling this was a good place. (Hehe, I tend to like places with Hello Kitty...who would have thought ;). 

Anyways my first instinct was right because Kusina ni Loraine is great! They have a buffet filled with lots of Filipino food! If you've never ever had Filipino food ever, this would be the place to try it out! They have traditional favorites like Filipino pork bbq, beef steak, kare kare (Filipino peanut butter stew), sisig (sour fried pork) and pancit (noodles). . They also have items you don't see often at a Filipino buffet like fried chicken skin, chicken curry, picadillo (ground beef with potatoes) and molo soup (dumpling soup with noodles).  It's a great selection of savory eats and tasty treats! I really liked that I got a little taste of all of my favorite Filipino food here! There's nothing like eating a fulfilling meal of white rice topped with kare kare sauce and pairing it with pork bbq sticks! Yum!

Aside from the savory offerings, Kusina ni Lorraine also has some desserts. They have a fruit bar with grapes, cantaloupes and honey dew. The day I went they also offered a yummy Filipino dessert via ginataang totong (coconut dessert with mung beans). The ginataang totong was sweet and very good. It is like eating rice pudding.

The buffet here is $7.99. You can pay another $1.50 for the soda.
They also offer other treats here for an extra price like turon (banana eggroll), 3 for $2 and Filipino ice cream popsicles and ice cream drumsticks, $1.50-$1.99 each. They also sell a variety of different chichirya or Filipino snacks via chips, crackers and other goodies! (Oh and  they sell non food items like the  cool Filipino stickers with the Hello Kitty I mentioned earlier ;) and Filipino clothing)

Kusina ni Lorraine is a great place to try different Filipino food! Whether you are looking to eat a traditional meal or a light snack, you can find it here! I have found my new place for Filipino food in Vegas! Pinay ako and I love good Filipino food!
Saw a worker drop a couple of plates on the ground and put it back on the trays for serving. Hmmmmm E-coli yummy. Sub par food gives this place one whole star!
This Filipino buffet smashes on all the Filipino buffets I've been to in Cali. There is a big selection and they had all the favorites I grew up to. They had chicharon bulaklak, dinuguan, beef steak, sisig, and more. Plenty of food for an unbelievable price.

Like my parents when I was growing up, they wasn't any air conditioning but plenty of fans. The food and the atmosphere made me feel like I was back at home. I ordered a halo halo for dessert and it topped off an already sensational meal. Definitely going back again when I come visit Las Vegas.
Never tried Filipino food, so I couldn't wait to try this out.  The buffet is quite large and has an extensive selection.  But buffet food is buffet food.  Seems to me that the taste or the quality of food was at best average.  Nothing blew me away.  Nothing was terrible either.  I really wasn't impressed.  The fresh fruit was the best part of it.
Do not come here this is the worst restaurant i ever been. Food quality and customer service are both below average.
I'm from Texas & visiting Vegas once again but with my family this time. Let me start by saying i checked out the yelp comments first before coming to the restaurant. The negative feedback or 1 star were a little harsh but i still wanted to check out the place & experience the buffet (erthing is bigger in Texas, but no such thing as a Filipino buffet down here). So i was pretty excited! Lemme tell u, my overall experience was a total bliss. & same goes with my family. To all the haters saying no taste, too greasy, too soggy, too cold, hair in my food, dirty place, smell like clorox, over charged me this/that, soda is extra...c'mon! What's next, "this place made me fat!" This place is obvously not getting enough props. But bros, sis, uncles, unties, lolos, lolas...stop hatin!  If you dont like this place perhaps you've been domesticated far way too long, lol!
Until we meet again Lorraine, mad love all the way fr the heart of Texas.
I found this place by accident. My wife and kids were at a discount shoe store (extra ghetto) and I took a little walk down through the shopping center and there it was.

The GOOD: AYCE Filipino food and it's GOOD. This beats all the other Filipino restaurants/buffets/cafeterias I've ever been to and I've been to about 6 of them both here in Las Vegas AND in Hollywood, CA. The selection is much bigger and the food tastes better in some cases. Also, it's pretty cheap for what it is ($10.03 gets you the buffet and a drink if you're paying by cash)

The BAD: 3 things didn't sit well with me about this place: (1) They are either (A) trying to save a buck by keeping the A/C off and running big fans or (B) trying to make the residents feel at home in the humid heat by keeping the restaurant hot. You choose. Either way I think it's ridiculous to NOT have the A/C on and to have all your customers sweating while they eat. Keep in mind that this is VEGAS in the summer! One of the fans wasn't even pointed at us it was pointed at the ceiling. Go fig.. (2) They charged me an extra $1 because I was paying by debit card, which is illegal by Visa/Mastercard policies. (3) It's in a really SEEDY part of town in Central East Las Vegas. There were bums and drug dealers walking all over the place. Most of the other shops were CLOSED around it. Funny sidenote: The shoe store we were in (about 200 feet away from this Filipino restaurant) was sooo GHETTO. They had all these pictures of black women (kids and adults) stealing shoes. These were people they caught on camera stealing shoes... from a DISCOUNT shoe store,,, like I said, it was a SEEDY neighborhood filled with SEEDY people.

FINAL VERDICT: I'd still go here because that much good food at that price can't be beat. I'd give this place 5 stars if it weren't for (1) the A/C being off (2) charging me an extra $1 to use a debit card (3) being in a seedy neighborhood
Food is great.  plenty to choose from.  

I like their adobo squid.  I had them as a kid and it's been a good 20 years since.  however, for some reason, they don't remove the cuttlebone.  so be careful on your first bite.  either lack of time or lack of knowledge on cleaning them up or they think cuttlebones will add more flavor to the dish or that's how they're cooked from 19-kopong-kopong

one big turn off is their rice.  either low grade or they don't have a rice cooker.  or maybe they want you to focus on the 'ulam' and skip those carbs.
My first filipino buffet here in vegas, selection, food and the inside was good. The only thing that bothered me was the location, as we were coming out there was a guy pushing a cart rummaging through the garbage wearing a Britney spear torn out costume, my 2 year old was like what's that mommy? Other than that I would come back on daytime.
Kain na tayo!!!

Holy cow are there a ton of choices at this buffet. For only $7.99, you have about 20 items to choose from. My plate was full and I had about 5 tiny bowls on my tray with various stew type dishes: Kare-Kare, monggo, adobo and a few more that I don't know how to pronounce or spell. On this particular visit, there were about 6 different eggplant dishes and I love me some eggplant! 

Although there are a ton of choices, like any buffet- you have your hits and you have your misses. It was about 50:50. The Kare Kare and the Dinuguan were huge misses, but the lechon kawali and the BBQ pork were huge hits. The fried chicken skin was quite salty but also oh so tasty.  When in Vegas- go big or go home. 

I came with my family (and when I say "family", we were about 50 people deep). Thank God we made reservations and reserved an entire section for our little get together. The service was quite accommodating and friendly, considering how large and hungry our group was. I was even touched when I saw a homeless man walk in, and one of the servers gave him a cup of something (food? drink? I don't know) but it was a very nice gesture. Way to go, my peeps! 

*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 72/100*
Great food! Many choices, and they had Sisig and Bopis, which are a steal. They only had few vegetables though, and most of their foods are greasy, but I would definitely go back here again since the price is cheap for a Filipino buffet, and only if you're really hungry go here, otherwise, watch your calories soar above the sky. The location is not a good one, as it's in the ghetto area of Las Vegas, with bums asking for money roaming around the area. Overall, it's a fantastic place!
I really enjoyed this Filipino buffet. It's a lot cheaper than the ones in Hawaii and also has so much variety. I love how you could also get your own fountain drink and refills. It's not anything fancy, but the food is pretty good. The rice was kind of mushy and that was my only problem.

They also sell snacks and I was super happy they had watermelon seeds available for purchase!!

Remember to bring cash because that's all they accept.
Very friendly, the menu is awesome sarap talaga.
First time to have  Filipino cuisine and it was great!

There were lots to pick from and they were always rotating to keep it fresh. And for 7.99 it was well worth it.


The restaurant was VERY CLEAN and the staff was overly friendly ready to answer any question the newbie questions I had.

Only downside was nothing had names so there was no way to know what you were eating. It was a surprise with every bite. 

Will suggest it to anyone
The food here was alright, I came here a bit closer to closing time so they never put out new food once the old ones were finished so I will give them the benefit of the doubt and say there food is usually better than what I tried (thus the 4 stars and not 3). Out of the 5-6 diff kinds of foods I tried while I was eating only 1-2 were actually good. The rest of them were either a bit too salty or a bit too watery for my taste. All in all I would say this place is perfect for a quick Filipino food fix (especially since the buffet is just 7.99)
*** 3 1/2 stars***

Kain na!

As a Filipina American, I know a little something about Filipino Food. Kusina Ni Lorraine is a go to place for my family when we go to Las Vegas. Located just a few minutes from the Strip, you can get a very extensive Filipino buffet for $7.99 per person. Pretty great deal for Vegas. 

The restaurant is very clean and the staff is very friendly. Good ol' Filipino hospitality. They have a wide variety of food options and rotate the options regularly so everything is fresh. Everything from pancit, to kare kare, lumpia, and a variety of other dishes. The one thing though is there aren't any labels on the food. So you may not always know what you are eating, especially if you are new to Filipino food. Still definitely worth the visit!
First, I would give this 3.5 stars if YELP allowed it..  My Filipina wife agrees with this rating.

Unlike many Filipino buffets this one has a large selection.  Unfortunately there are no labels, which was annoying.  Even as someone familiar with Filipino food I was unsure about some dishes.  My wife also couldn't tell until she tasted some of them.   At least two looked like kaldereta.  Even after trying both I was only about 70% sure which was kaldereta. 

The food was good, and at $9 the price wasn't bad.  Another good sign is that the place was packed with Filipinos.  One disappointment was no desserts like puto or halo halo.  Just ginataang mongo. I prefer some kind of pastry or ice cream, but it didn't seem to bother my wife (so maybe it's just an American thing).

They have one large TV showing the Filipino Channel (TFC), and they sell a few gifts also (like T-shirts).

They will take a credit card, but they charge $1 to do it.  If your bill is around $30 that's what VISA would charge them, so it's not unreasonable (our bill was $40 since there were four of us).

I'm not a huge fan of buffets (strangers who may or may not have washed their hands recently handling the serving utensils!!), but if you get beyond that the food was good and there was a nice variety.
This Filipino food is buffet you'll ever had in LV. My friends and I are visiting here from SF and man this restaurant has the best selection of food and the taste of there cuisine are very tasty and I highly recommend it for all you guys to try it :-) This will be my favorite restaurant whenever I come here to visit.
Great value for Filipino food buffet style. Friendly staff. Parking can be a challenge. They need more desserts--other than just fruit.
came here for the first time with hubby and cuzzen...it was alright...not too much selections for a filipino buffet type.
My friends from high school & other class graduates of other years decided to have a combined reunion in ......where else....Las Vegas..& was looking forward to see old friends. I was looking forward to go back to have a good meal at the Kusina ni Lorraine....Found out that they had opened their 2nd branch, good for them.    

Had to drag my group to have breakfast there instead of having an all American breakfast at the hotel. The price of the buffet was still the same from 2 years ago..eat all you can for $7.99 and the food as usual was excellent...The dishes they have were all authentically Filipino...where can you get "Sinampalukang Manok" nowadays..Certainly not in New York. We were lucky to have it when we were there.I was told that they don't have it all the time & my favorite "Dinuguan" They have probably like 20 or more selections, its crazy...The place was packed...Well the food was damn good, you can see why they opened up a second place.

Will I go back? Definitely!!! If I go back to Las Vegas for another reunion....probably next year, who knows!!!
Pleasantly surprised with today's visit here at Kusina Ni Lorraine. 

Food:  My mom and I had the lunch buffet. It was $8.99 per person and there were about 15-20 choices! I tried the sisig, kare kare, pinakbet, pancit, fried fish, soup, and white rice (just to name a few).. All were delicious! Def get the bang for your buck!

Restaurant:  roomy, fairly clean, and you get TFC on tv. Typical Filipino restaurant setup. 

Staff:  They didn't hover (a plus in my book..!) but they weren't overly friendly either (again typical). No complaints here though. 

Area:  Parking is not that great (limited spaces) and this side of town is a bit sketchy.

I will definitely come back. This may be our new go-to Filipino buffet restaurant. This first visit sure beat all the visits at Nanay Gloria!
The selection was good and worth the price tag of $8.99 + $1.00 service fee to use a charge card. Some potatoes in the menudo was cold? Not quite sure why that was. Some dishes were too soupy for my taste. The veggies were half cooked in the pinakbet. The ginatang mongo was good. They could've had more Filipino deserts other than grapes, watermelon and cantaloupe. Parking was some what of a hit or miss, not a lot. Otherwise the food and customer service was good.
I feel like i'm back home! Cooking is great, staff is great, this really just takes me back to Philippines. Where everything was of equal taste for the buds.
Best filipino  buffet in Vegas. They have the authentic filipino dishes and it's delicious! There's many selection.
The Best Authentic Filipino Food from Hawaii!
You gotta try it!!! SOO GOOD! Thelma's Special is to die for!

What to try:
Thelma's Special
Pork Adobo Fried rice with the fried egg on top
Chicken Adobo
Pancit
Kare-Kare


MMMMm Good! I went there 2 days in a row...and loved it every time. The best Filipino food I've had in Vegas so far! I'm glad its in henderson!! Forget, trying to drive out to Spring Mountain or Maryland...after a day shopping at Galleria, just drive over. I think Thelma's will close down Aloha Kitchen on the other side! hahaha! JK!
food is great! try the shoyu chicken with the adobo fried rice. :D
I can't say I'm an expert when it comes to Filipino food, but this was really good!  I couldn't decide on what to get so I ordered the four item combo and was totally stuffed!  My four items:

Pancit noodles
Chicken adobo
Thelma's special
Pork Gisantes

Do be advised they take visa/mc/discover but not Amex.
Pretty Solid Filipino Food....Came here on opening day and was not dissappointed...Never tried the Thelma's back home in Hawaii, but this is second best to my Mom's cooking(Nobody beats Mom's cooking, right?) tried the Adobo fried rice, thelma's special, pancit, guisantes, diniguan, pumpkin guisado, and Halo-Halo for dessert...
We even got free drinks and a Thelma's T-Shirt...Pretty Cool!
(WARNING: Filipino food can have a strong mixture of sour, vinegary, salty goodness banging up against sweet, crunchy, meaty climaxes of flavor.  If these types of taste are too sexy for your tongue, you may want to eat elsewhere.  Consider yourselves warned.  I'd better not see anyone putting up some negative reviews because they were not prepared.)

Even though I may not look it, I'm half Filipino and grew up with this food.  That being said, I will most likely show a lot of favoritism towards this place.  Its flavors take me back to my childhood and playing with my cousins.

Thelma's is located near the Sunset hotel in the same building as Aloha kitchen.  (Aloha kitchen is known for having the worst teri chicken I have ever had, but great kalbi)  To Find Thema's you need to drive around to the back side of that building.  

The inside is simple with a theme leaning towards the tropical and the Filipino channel on the TV set.  The menu may not be the largest, but what they make I love.

Today I went with one of my favorites and something new.  I had the combo with my fav, dinuguan (aka dinardaraan for my Ilocano bothers), and Thelma's special. 

 Dinuguan is a vinegary tasting pork blood meat.  Being cooked with blood, it comes out looking like stew size chunks of pork in black sauce.   It is rich with flavor and has a lovely grit to it from the blood.  Thema's take on it was true to mom's cooking back home.  However, the sauce was a bit thinner than I like and they seem to have taken out all the fatty bits for the general public's sake.  My mom didn't discriminate, fatty or lean, it went in the pot.  Over all, it was great.  Not as good as moms, but pretty close.

Now Thelma's special is a bit miss leading.  The description says it's lichon kawali cut up and mixed with chopped onions, tomatoes, and soy sauce.  A more accurate description would have been chicharon with chopped onions, tomatoes, and bagoong.  Cause that's what it tasted like and it tasted wonderful.  It made me wish that I got more of it.  For those of you that don't know, lichon Kawali is a whole roasted pig, all crispy and wonderful on the outside.  This dish was salty, oniony, sweet, meaty, and crunchy.  Heavenly.  My mom made the same thing for me when I was younger and this was just as good.  Sorry mom, I must be honest.

The one thing that was a bit difficult was the server that day.  We were having some communication problems, but my order came out right and it came out extremely quick.  That's what matters.

So if you're in the area, bypass Aloha Kitchen and head on over to Thelma's for some good eats.  Did I mention the price was good too?  Because it is!
I went to check this place out after work on Saturday for dinner.  They have quite a selection of Filipino entrees but, to my surprise, they have a few Hawaiian dishes as well.  Plus, their combo plates were a mix of both Filipino and Hawaiian styles which is appealing to me on many levels.  The thing I liked about Thelma's is that I can get breakfast at any time of the day!  They have about 4 or 5 breakfast entrees ready to go whenever the mood strikes.  I am a huge fan of the breakfast-all-day concept and I ultimately ended up going with one of their omelettes.  The omelet itself was pretty standard except that the omelet came with rice instead of hash browns!  It was a nice throwback to my younger days in Hawaii.  They also use Aloha Shoyu (I was surprised that the waitress offered "Shoyu" NOT "Soy Sauce" :) ) here and anywhere that serves Aloha Shoyu is alright in my book.  Good restaurant but not a lot of vegetarian dishes but I didn't expect anything like that here because I'm pretty positive that there are not a lot of  vegetarian Hawaiians (like myself) or even vegetarian Filipinos out there.  But, I'm sure I will see Thelma's again.. In the meanwhile I hope they get more seafood or veggie dishes to cater to my "habit".
Tagalog's can now feel the wraith of Ilocanos good Filipino food haha. Thelma special is always the recommended, it's better served as a la carte because the combo serving isn't great. Mongo beans and gisantes is awesome. My wife loves the bindongo and idago.
I remember going to Thelma's in Waipahu. My aunty loved them and we would always be there at least 2-3x months. She called to tell me that they were opening up in LV. Lately we've been going to Elena's but it is pretty far from us, and because of the Yelper's, now I don't have to drive that far.

Thelma's serves Illocano food and it is very familiar  and almost as good as Grandma's cooking. You read that right...ALMOSTas good as. LOL
They have a good menu and offer either dishes or  combination plates.
We ordered:
Pinakbet, Pancit, Chicken adobo, and a Halo halo.
They were all good especially the pinakbet- its been awhile since i had pinakbet.

The restaurant was very spacious and clean. You can't see the restaurant from Sunset Rd. or Marks St. But they are in same complex as Aloha Kitchen & Vitamin World across from Best Buy.

The service was also very good and the food came out quick. My little pinoy princess also got a free treat. Salamat!

I will definitely be going back very soon. Can't wait to try their breakfast menu.

Aloha!!
I never knew of a Thelma's in Waipahu, but apparently it's popular enough to open up a store here in the 9th island. 

I went 2 days ago to try it out and I am so glad I did!

Went there for the lunch special. $6.50 for your choice of entree, that comes with rice, mac salad, a drink, and fruit salad for dessert! WOW. I was already impressed when I saw that near the register. I opted for the PInakbet, and my boyfriend got the Thelma's Special. They had ran out of mac salad that day, but the friendly lady at the register offered to give us some mixed pancit in place of it. I was cool with that! So we pay and take our seats, and dabble in the ridiculous game shows that seem to be endlessly playing on Filipino channels... well that and then a drama shortly after! 

We get our lunch plates, and they are decently sized! For 6.50 including a drink, I honestly think it's a steal! 

I had a taste of my boyfriends Thelma's special and had to restrain my fork from ravaging his plate again! IT IS SO GOOD. I don't know about you guys, but that's the closest "Lechon Kawali" that I can get here in Vegas, and ALMOST identical to the dish I remember at my family parties in Hawaii! YUM

My pinakbet was... average, to say the least. The tastes were okay, I was expecting a very soupy dish, with A LOT of soft vegetables, but it was just okay. The eggplant in it had too tough/thick of a skin, and I just think it needed to be cooked a bit longer.

It's okay, we both finished our plates, down to the last rice grain!
Then, our waitress came out with our fruit salad! Yay! Although it was a bit sweet for my taste buds, I am glad that it comes with some sort of dessert!

All in all, I would come back to this place to sample their other popular items! Service was great, and the restaurant was clean and inviting. Recommended for a fast, affordable meal.
One of the things I miss most from back home (Hawaii) is the food. So, when I heard Thelma's was in Vegas, I was like "Thelma's? Like Thelma's special? Like from home?"

I mean, it's like having Zippy's come to Vegas....it's comfort food. Food that reminds you of when you were young or for me reminds me of a past life.

I was so curious to see if the food was the same that I went to eat alone. Now..if you know me, I'm a people person and I must've wanted it bad to eat alone.

And it did not disappoint. After driving around the same Henderson cross street for 20 minutes, I was about to give up when I saw it's sign in the corner of my eye....it was calling my name, I swear to you.

Ordered the Thelma's special and squid guisado. *siiiigh* JUST-LIKE-HOME =)

I love it and whenever my mom needs a fix of filipino food (other than hers, of course), I take her to Thelma's. Mother-daughter bonding, you can call it.
When my boyfriend and I arrived to this cute little bistro, there were only 1 or 2 tables occupied. The walls of the interior are painted a light green color that I enjoyed. There are gold statuettes along the walls, as well as many large windows that fill the space with natural light. On most, if not all, of the tables are little vases with orchids. It was a pleasant dining area even with the TV playing in the background. It can be hard to spot if you don't pull into the parking area behind Aloha kitchen. 

The menu is displayed on the wall along with several photos of their specialties. J quickly decided on the lechon kawali, a large portion of crispy skinned pork with juicy, fatty meat on the inside. It came with a vinegary dipping sauce that complimented the richness of the meat and several slices of raw sweet onion. It was REALLY crisp, crackled when you bite into kind of crisp. I found it made my jaw muscles tired after eating 3-4 pieces- but probably not a bad thing since all that chewing might help work off some of that delicious pork fat. I ordered the adobo, which was a large bowl full of super tender, soy and vinegar-spiced pork chunks. The cuts of pork reminded me of some of the better carnitas I've had, with enough gristle and unrendered fat left to give it an unctuous mouth feel. The flavorful sauce was great to pour over the perfectly cooked sticky rice and more of it would've disappeared easily. It seemed like a dish that had been cooking low and slow for quite some time, a signature of many comforting dishes. I would have liked some vegetables with it to break up all the meatiness, but it was a delicious dish. The texture of the rice was great with the pork. We also got an order of the Shanghai lumpia, which would have all vanished if I hadn't caught J before he got to them all! Crisp, narrow cigar-shaped little pockets of deep-fried meaty goodness served with a sweet and sour chili sauce, it's easy to see why. 

We also had an Ilikoi passion drink and Kona coffee. The coffee was lovely but was served with packets of non-dairy creamer, which saddens me a little. It's really a small detail, but when having such a nice variety of coffee I want to enjoy it fully and without high fructose/hydrogenated processed things. Not a huge deal because it still tasted great, but something I find worth pointing out. I was really excited that they offered kona coffee! The passion fruit drink was also tasty, though J drank most of it. The water tasted like tap water, so we barely sipped any.

Overall, the food here was great. If you're a fan of the Hawaiian Sun drinks I imagine you'll be happy. It's a nice change of pace from the usual strip mall fare and I'd rather go here than to another McChipotle or Pei Wei. Not my usual neighborhood hang out, but I can see going back sooner rather than later!
Okay so I have been to the location in Hawaii and was happy to know that on my visits here in Vegas I can now satisfy my tastebuds again with more of "Thelmas Special"(crunchy luau style pork in thelmas sauce). This place has something for everyone. It combines a great value on their entrees and even better is served up by some of the friendliest staff who really make you feel welcome! Give em' a try!!!
Had the mix plate with thelmas special ( roast pork with chopped tomatos and onion with a soy sauce) it was alright , needed some punch vinager or some kind of acid. Pork giusantes; stewed pork with peas and pimentos and tomato very tender and flavorful my favorite of the three, also had the pancit very thin rice noodles , good flavor.  Overall it was good  , nice  portions and flavorful if in the area would not hesitate to stop by , but would not make a special trip like I did this time . Service was friendly and prompt
This is the closest I've ever gotten to real authentic Filipino food.  Growing up in Hawaii, has given me the big Filipino/Hawaiian/Japanese impact.  Our culture is a mix plate of cultures, and this place executes the flavors of both Hawaii and Philippines so well.  

The atmosphere of this restaurant is soooo welcoming, it gives me a sense of "HOMEY" feeling.  I was surprised with the cleanliness of the restaurant, I was expecting the same "ELENA'S" surrounding.  

I ordered the mix plate which consisted of:
- Pancit Mix - Almost close to my mother's home cooking.  A mixture of flavor, I personally thought it was Pancit heaven.  
- Pinakbet - I've been having cravings of my mother's pinakbet ever since I left home.  While this was somewhat close, the vegetables my mother usually added weren't there.  It was good regardless, and the flavor of the patis sauce was there to.  I loved how it was the "ILOKANO" way of making pinakbet, as opposed to the Tagalog way of adding shrimp paste.  
- Thelma's special - Wow I've been looking everywhere for this.  It's basically Lechon kawali soaked in soy sauce, onions, and tomatoes.  Mines was a little on the "oniony" side, but it was definitely delicious.  My dad usually makes this dish using the head of the pig and BBQing it, then chopping it into pieces while adding cow brains, oninos, tomatoes, vinegar, and soy sauce.  

I would definitely say, this is by far one of the BEST FILIPINO foods I've had in Vegas.  Getting the Thelma's Special is a must!
Stopped by on Saturday after Thanksgiving, we had been to see the Roger Waters show of "The Wall" and were hungry.  We met Lor, one of the daughters of Thelma, and a more gracious host you could not ask for.  We all ordered our favs from the Menu and Lor and company suggested some things and we took their advice.

All was so yummy.  Sunday was time to head back to the Bay Area and we decided to stop at Thelma's again because we were so happy with our choices the day before.  We also decided not to order the same items again even though we were happy with them.

This time Lor was at the order desk and this time we ordered more items off of the item, so here is what we ordered and loved.  Dinuguan (Angelo says this is so yummy, me I cannot get passed Chocolate Meat), Pork Adobo ( I say this is the best ever, and could only get better if they added a hard boiled Quail egg), Pancit Bihon so good I had to steal some.  Lumpia Shanghai was fried just right!  Not too greasy, not underdone, I loved it but more importantly my 8YO Niece loved them more, so much that she ate most of them with out asking if it would be ok, once she did, there were no more left.  I had to order two more orders.

All of the *-silog dishes were so dang good, I even had them make a Spam-Si-Log  as I am a big fan of the canned meat.  Crispy Spam, with garlic rice, tomatoes, and I am a happy man.  But I have said that before.

Add to this that they carry Manny Pacquiao articles and have become a new distributors of MP stuff means that if you wanna get your Pinoy on, near Vegas, this is the place to do it!

I love this place and give it 6 stars, 6 hearts, 6 whatevers, this is the place!

Aloha,

Dave

Oh, and the Halo Halo is so yummy!
Found this by accident thru Yelp! Was looking for Filipino food in Henderson and by chance found Thelma's. Location isn't the best, it's had to see from the street.  I've tried the Pork giusantes, pancit (good), Thelma's Special (thumbs down), chicken adobo fried rice (delicious!), adobo chicken and pork (both awesome!) I usually get the 2 item mix plate with 2 scoops of rice. 
  I do not like the Thelma's Special, it's fatty pork with crispy pork skin and sauce. Not a big fan of the fatty pork, but the sauce is awesome. If the pork were leaner, I would love the dish. The adobo pork and chicken are both great, very tender and tasty! 
  I have not eaten in the restaurant yet, but the take out service is great, fast, and friendly!
Had dinner here on a Thursday night. We ordered a couple of combo dishes of shoyu chicken, chicken adobo, stewed beef and pancit mix. Although we weren't fans of their particular mix of pancit, the shoyu chicken and chicken adobo were delicious!

A tasty good deal!
Thelmas is a very good Filipino restaurant. I ordered the 3 item mix plate with chicken adobo, pancit noodles, and pork adobo. Everything tasted flavorful with lots of soft tender pieces of meat. The service was very good!
I LOVE Thelma's! The food is absolutely amazing and the customer service is great! I'm not a big fan of filipino restaurants...the portions tend to be small and the quality of service is not that great...but Thelma's has been the best filipino restaurant I've ever been to. It's simple and casual, but high quality. The food is delicious, and the people are nice and friendly. I've been to the location in Hawaii, and both of them are good, but the service here is better! 

The restaurant is deceptively not easy to find, even though it's practically across the street from the Station Casino. It's basically in the back of the shopping plaza, so you don't really see it when you're driving down the street. It has a nice and simple decor on the inside, with a tropical hawaiian-filino theme going on throughout the restaurant. When you enter, you wait in line and place your order and pay, and then they cook the food fresh and bring the food to your table. The menu is posted above the counter, kind of like Jollibees, except the food listed on it is way better. ;) One thing about it is that some of the dishes lack a full description, and because I'm not filipino, I don't know what a lot of it is. However, the friendly staff at the counter is more than happy to help you order. One time I was even offered a sample of the pork guisantes because i wasn't sure if i wanted to order it. It ended up being my most favorite dish at Thelma's!

My favorite dishes are the pork guisantes, which is pork and peas cooked in a tasty seasoned tomato sauce; mongo beans (the BEST mongo i've ever had), which is mung beans cooked with lechon in a rich, but light and flavorful sauce; and of course Thelma's special, which is chunks of lechon (roasted pig) with fresh diced tomatoes and onions in a soy and vinegar sauce.

Everything else I've had there is also quite tasty. That includes the shoyu chicken (chicken braised in soy sauce), kare kare (oxtail with veggies in a peanut sauce), adobo (pork or chicken braised in vinegar and soy sauce), pinakbet (mixed vegetables like onions, green beans and bitter melon), and fried rice. ALL OF IT=DELICIOUS!

Great food, good portions, reasonable prices, and excellent customer service makes Thelma's a great filipino restaurant. I believe this is a pretty new location, so definitely check it out!!
Took my mom out for a shopping trip and since we were near Thelma's, I figured my mom would love it. 
AND SHE DID!

She, literally, wanted to order the whole left side of the menu. She had 4 item mix plate AND we still ordered food (oxtail, chicken long rice, fried fish) for home. 

My mom said: "You have to take me here every week!" 
Oh gawd, what have I created.


Another great thing about this restaurant is the service. They are so friendly and helpful and funny. Like they're family =)


And FYI - if you're mail is late, the mail ppl are prolly having lunch at Thelma's cuz, I SWEAR, I saw like 5 postal service trucks parked outside.
This isn't your "Nanay's Restaurant," that's for sure.  It's more like, your cool "Ate's Resto!"

We tried out Thelma's for lunch during our last venture into Vegas and Thelma's is like no other Filipino restaurant I've been to.  It's huge, it's clean, it's organized, it doesn't smell, it's not sticky and damn the food is good!  The one thing that irks me about your typical Filipino restaurant is that the food is sitting in a buffet of chaffing dishes behind a window where you have to point and ask, "What's that?" 

Thelma's offers up a menu that is straight forward; pick an item or two, or three, with rice.    I had the Thelma's Special, which is kind of like, Sisig that married Tokwa't Baboy, which tasted okay, not sure I'd order it again.  I also had their Dinuguaan which was pretty damn tasty, gotta love my chocolate meat.  For my third item, I had the Chicken Adobo, which was pretty good, a little sweet, but good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gWeYW0E5Tfmmj_9fugfLNw?select=Npu-vw7X5rs60Cvq9YhykA

Not sure if the lady helping us was Thelma herself but regardless, the lady was super sweet and always was smiling, which is quite refreshing rather than dealing with a grouchy Nanay who gives you a dirty look because you're speaking to her in English and not Tagalog.

But of course, what's a Filipino restaurant without TFC blaring on the TV?  What's sad is that we enjoyed our food while laughing at the corny and shamefully funny antics of this game show we were watching that when we got home, I just had to order TFC, damn you Thelma! :)

Definitely hit up Thelma's if you're in this part of town, or on your way to/from Sunset Station, no finger pointing here. ;)
The spouse is a Filipina, and she tends to be quite critical of Filipino restaurants serving stale or old food.  I have to admit, I have come around to her view on this matter.  Many Filipino restaurants have the food pre-cooked and out for the diner to see and select.  Thelma's food is fresh.  It's served hot and delicious.  

So far, we've ate breakfast and dinner at this restaurant.  The breakfast was a large serving of fried rice with spam, bacon, and sausage mixed in.  It also had an egg, cooked to order.  The cost of the breakfast was about $5.00.  They also made fresh Kona coffee for $1.50, with delicious creamers and sweetners.  

For dinner, we had Sinigang Pamapo and Thelma's Special.  Thelma's Special was crispy pata with onions and tomatos over the top.  It was delicious.  The chunks of pork were crunchy on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside.  The Sinigang Pampano is a sort of sour tasting soup with vegies and a good sized Pampano cut in three pieces.  I left the sour soup to the wife, and focused on the Pampano...quite fresh and delicious.  The meal came with lots of steamed rice.  I don't think either dish cost more than $9.00.   The banana lumpia was okay, but not exactly my thing when it comes to desert.  

The service is attentive.  The value is there.  The place is clean.  You also get to view The Philippino Channel on a Plasma TV.  Make the drive to Henderson, everything here is much better than Goldilocks.
This place was a pleasant find. There aren't many non 'turo-turo' Filipino restaurants here in Vegas. 

I'm sad that this place is so far from my house - because I would love to eat here more often. The service was great. Everyone was friendly, and attentive to our needs. The place is pretty new as well - so everything is nice and clean. 

Food was pretty good - but they didn't have as big of a selection as I would hope they had. I ended up having the mix plate - consisting of Thelma's Special and Chicken Adobo. I loved Thelma's Special, but it came with a bit too many onions for me - it heavily outweigh the amount of tomatoes I received. Other than that, it was good. Sauce was good and so was the lechon kawali. The chicken in the adobo was very tender - but overall the dish was a bit too salty for my liking. 

Someone else ended up ordering the Tocino... I didn't try it - but it definitely wasn't the type of Tocino I'm used to eating. But, it still looked good. 

Overall - if I were in the area, I would go back to eat there. Prices were decent, and I'm always down to eat more Filipino food. But, it's not something that I would drive to that side of town for.
I had to try this place since I am Filipino and am always looking for great place to remind me of mom's and family home cooking!!

Lunch Orders:

3 item combination: Gisantes(Filipino Marinated Pork and Peas), Thelma's Special (Pan Fried Pork with onions, tomatoes and soy/vinegar sauce) and Pork Adobo with white rice. Gisantes was Addicting, Thelmas Special was Especially Delicious and Pork Adobo Much Better than most Adobo I've had!!

Lechon Kawali: Pan roasted pork dish with a brown dipping sauce. Came Neatly sliced, Crispy Skin, Succulent tasting meat and Not too oily! Dipping sauce was the Best I've had and was a Must with every bite!!

Sinigang Soup and Veggies Only: Filipino Sour Soup/Stew was a nice to sip on between bites of meat and rice. However, I've never tried a Sinigang with a mild sourness and I believe under seasoned soup.. Although, it wasn't my type (I've had Many versions of Sinigang, I like more sourness)  it was still heart warming and the chunks of tomaotes and green beans felt healthy compared to everything else I was having!

Damn Close and Comparable to My Mother's and Family members Cooking!!! Reasonable Value, Corteous and Polite Staff and Clean dining space makes me a Fan For Sure!!!
This is so strange. I lived right next to Thelma's in Waipahu and now here I live in Henderson and guess what I live right next to Thelma's. Dude whats going on? Same bomb Thelma's Special, Adobo fried rice, Gisantes, all the favorites, the only thing missing is the little buffet that the OG restaurant puts out. The exchancge is a neat, huge dinning area with flat screen on the Filipino channel. Now i'm not filipino but my wife is so I can appreciate this kind of stuff. I always include a star for places that have orange fanta on their soda taps. Free refils of course. The food for those of you who don't know is the closest thing you'll find to a filipino home cooked meal ever in vegas. Excellent execution of traditonal filipino dishes. I may just be saying this cause I grew up on these exact take out plates and to be reunited again with my childhood comfort food is just a little too much. Tear. Clean and wide open dinning area, warm friendly staff gives this place six stars no seven....
Yummy!!
My son and I have different opinions about this place.  he thought it was outstanding I thought, so-so.  they need to be more descriptive on their things, for us people who like to try new things but, aren't filipino.   I had Thelma's special.  a little to fatty for my taste, my son had pork adobo he loved it.  it looked to scary for my taste,.  The macaroni salad was so thick I wished I had gotten 2 scoops of rice.  again my son liked it. so I'm giving it an A-ok I would of said 2 stars but, he pushed for three.
I would give this place 5 stars except one time I was there my order was forgotten. I ordered a simple breakfast plate and got it 45mins later. people after me got their food way before me. other than that I love this place. the owners are very nice. they know me by name because I go there so often. I definitely recommend this place to all my Filipino friends who needs a good "home cooked" meal. adobo fried rice is my favorite :)
I've decided to try this place, finally, after recommendation from a fellow yelper to eat the Halo-Halo.  I went on a Wednesday evening, and was a bit disappointed that they didn't have my favorite dish, the binagoongan.  Gosh how hard it is to find that dish!

However, I thought the price of the menu items were quite fair.  We got the Lechon Kawaii, which was pretty crispy and yummy, w/ a big bowl of rice to accompany it.  We also ordered the mixed plate, which we chose the following four items (there is a list of items one may chose):

-Pork Adobo:  It was tasty, like any other places, just less sauce...I like my sauce too.
-Pancit Mix:  I should have stick with my favorite Pancit...Pancit Palabok
-Dinuguan: Pretty good.  Don't let the blackish/purplish color scared you...pretty delicious
-Thelma Special:  This dish includes chunks of lechon mixed with diced tomatoes and onions.  Well, I learned quickly that I liked my lechon crisp and as is versus all the frills.  

Then I was ready for my current favorite dessert..Halo Halo.  There was barely any ube icecream, and there was no rice crisp!  The rice crisp adds texture and I totally missed it.  I usually finish the whole halo-halo, no matter how full I am, but I only ate half and dumped the rest.  I was very very very disappointed. :(

The service was wonderful.  Our cashier/server was super friendly.  I probably will go back to try other items, but won't be ordering my halo-halo there (save myself from disappointment).
We almost didn't find this place and gave up, but I'm glad we didn't. I didn't know what Adobos were until this day and wow if I could I would eat it every day:) It was very very tasty and my mouth is watering thinking about it right now. If I'm in that area again, I will definitely try this place again.
1205 W Sunset Rd #180, Henderson, NV 89014
May 29, 2011 Sunday - lunch 2:00 PM
2 adults, teenager & kid

Atmosphere - 5 stars
Food - 5 stars
Service - 5 stars

Background - This is my first visit to a Filipino restaurant.  The restaurant's food has a influences with other Asian cultures; this is probably very common amongst them to share certain food items.

Atmosphere - A Strip mall restaurant hiding on the back without a direct view from the street.  The small sign in front allowed me to find the place.  

Food
Appetizer - Did not order any.

Main Course - I ordered the Lechon Kawali, I ordered this based on the picture at the front near the register.  The crunch was amazing.  I can not even describe the sauce but it was amazing.  The plate came with raw onion slices.  The three together were wonderful.  Afterwards I had to look up exactly what Lechon Kawali was, and found out it was the belly of the pig, which explained the crunch so well.  I also order Spam Wasubi, which I have had at a Hawaiian restaurant.  It was a daily special and not on the menu.  I could have order three of these and been very happy just eating that for lunch. 

Dessert - Did not order any.

Service - It was fast food as you went to the counter, but they delivered the food to your table without asking for names or giving you table tent number.  The lady working was great, I had a hard time saying Kawali, and she made sure I learned it with ease.  I find that some of the fun going to a ethnic restaurant trying to learn their language. Somehow she knew another plate we wanted to order by just reading our facial expressions, amazing.  They have a pop machine that was self service.  While we waited for our food extra plates were brought to us so we all could share each other's foods, similar to a Chinese restaurant.
We were in the area the other day for a glass blowing class. My wife is Filipina and when we saw Thelma's we decided to give it a try.

While I have to admit that Filipino food is not my favorite, Thelma's did a nice job with it. I ordered the chicken adobo fried rice which was served with a fried egg on top. It was really good.

My wife ordered a combo plate with dinuguan and pinakbet. My wife liked hers as well. If we're on that side of town, I'd go to Thelma's again.
So I finally made it to Thelma's this weekend with my hubby. Glad I called for directions as it was in a hidden location on Marks/Sunset. I couldn't believe they had been opened since March 2010 as I never knew they were around (and I'm pretty good at knowing where the Filipino joints are...as there's not too many of them in Las Vegas, let alone Henderson) 

As we got outta the parking lot, we were greeted by the Cashier as she happened to be outside. As we walked in we were happy to finally see a big dining room as most Filipino restaurants are much smaller. It was clean and quiet...but may have been due to the fact that there was only two tables occupied by two families. The staff offered to help my hubby (I'm guessing since he's Caucasian) choose a dish; however little do they know that he knows Filipino food and can even cook it. But it was a nice gesture to say the least. Now onto our meal: 

Thelma's special: this was deep fried lechon kawali chopped up in small cubes served with tomatoes and onions on top. My issue with this is that it's served with a very bland sweet brown sauce. When we poured vinegar on it, it tasted much better and gave it that kick it needed. I only wish that we had some chopped jalapenos to add heat to it. 

Beef Steak and onions: This dish is one of my hubby's faves; however he absolutely hated this dish as it had a sweet sauce base. The ones we've had in the past is usually cooked in garlic, soy sauce, and vinegar (similar to adobo) but this had a Hawaiian flare to it. We later found out that Thelma's is more of a Hawaiian/Filipino restaurant which originated in Hawaii. 

Pork Adobo Fried Rice with scrambled egg on top: Now this was the best I've ever had! There were shredded pork mixed in and the rice was fried just right. I could have eaten this alone. My hubby and I wiped this plate clean. 

Although my hubby will most likely not come back to this place, if I'm in the area, I will definitely go back for more Pork Adobo Fried rice.
Just like home. Food here is awesome. Staff treats you like family. There is plenty of room. Menu is huge! Love it! (Try the Thelma Special!)
only did a quick glance at the menu when i came in and ordered the Thelma's special, lechon kawali, pieces of crispy pork skin and fatty tender pork meat with tomato, onion and soy sauce. definitely filled me after doing the brew tour at Joseph James Brewing Company.

There aren't a lot of Filipino restaurants in the area so I like what Thelma's is offering, excellent selection of Filipino food, clean and lots of space. If you haven't had a lot of Filipino food you can either buy one of everything or just get the choice of four mixed plate so you can try at least 4 dishes. i haven't tried the ones here yet but try sinigang soup, pinakbet, lechon, beef or chicken adobo, lumpia, and the since it hot right now halo halo. all the pictures from the other yelpers also help.  saw some delicious looking pictures of omelet and fried rice dishes so i'll be back.
Finally had lechon...for a southern girl this is one of those must try dishes that I just learned about fairly recently...and have been trying to figure out when and where to have it...   Don't get me wrong with 3 star review...the place was super clean, large, pretty empty when we arrived and everything felt made to order, which was surprising since it's counter service.  

For all you wondering what I mean and if this is worthy of your attention...we are talking pork belly, simply seasoned, cooked somehow so that the skin is uber crispy think shingle and the meat/fat is tender and simply porky...it comes with slivered and soaked whit onion and a sticky sweet dipping sauce that was oddly addictive yet unidentifiable to both my husband and me.  

I have a strange love for Hawaiian Mac salad...don't ask me why because I find most, including pseudo Italian pasta salads revulsive...this was just ok.  

The "mini" chicken adobo fried rice we ordered was actually pork... No complaints tho because it was tasty but what my husband and I both craved with these fat heavy dishes was acidity...crisp, clean, palate cleansing flavors that would lighten each dish and make it sing...   Lime, lemon?  Not sure...  But this is definitely a cuisine/culture worthy of exploration...its rich history due to the influences imposed upon its people and the large number of Filipinos here in LV, give us a unique opportunity for exploration and experimentation.
Another Yelp success story!  Rented a car to go to the Hoover Dam and wanted to take advantage of the rare opportunity to eat off the strip and that's when Thelma's came up in search.

The pick 2 combo was a fantastic deal. I got the adobo chicken which was just heavenly - very tender and flavorful. I also took some yelp advice and ordered the Thelma's special which was small pieces of crispy pork skin with a with tomato and onion sauce that worked surprisingly well.

Overall very impressed with the food, friendly counter service, clean/spacious restaurant, and outdoor seating.
My bf's half Filipino and I never liked Filipino food . Everything his mom made was either gross or looked as if it's been sitting out for days . Same goes for all the Filipino restaurants I've been to . UNTIL I've been to Thelma's ! 

Had their chicken adobo fried rice ( love the shredded chicken and egg on top ) , and Thelma's special ( crunchy and good, but not the best fried pork I've had ). Service was wonderful and the restaurant was very clean and big . Definitely look forward to trying everything else on Thelma's menu the next time we crave GOOD Filipino food . Thelma's is the best Filipino I've tasted so far  !
Not bad....I've just had better....
Thier food is amazing. I have been to this place twice and so far I have tasted Thelma's special, squid, pancit, ltapsilog, umpia, turon snd longanisa musubi. Everythig tasted good and fresh.
I loved how friendly the girl behind the counter was! I didn't know anything on the menu and she was a great help! The place was very clean and a decent set up all around. However the food didn't blow me away... as a matter of fact... I barely liked it. However, being a chef myself, I must say the food was all cooked very well and I can definitely see it being someone's taste, just not mine. I will go back to try other items on the menu. Hold for the update...
Growing up with Filipino friends I have been surrounded with their food and I love it! :) So I was excited  when Thelmas opened close to home. The mix plate w. Chicken adobo, dunuguan (spl?) and a side or sinigang was delish! 

The reason for the 4 stars instead of 5...the sinigang is very, very salty and not as flavorful as others I've tasted.
Naturally I'm picky about Filipino restaurants because I'll always compare it to my mom-in-law or grandma's cooking. I have been to Thelma's twice and I was a happy customer both times.

On my first visit, I was ordered Kare Kare (oxtail with veggies in a peanut sauce) and Thelma's special. I always order Kare Kare at every Filipino restaurant I go to because it's my favorite. I found it to be good but not the best I've had and with not enough meat (mind you, I said I was picky). Whenever I see a menu item labeled "special" I expect to be blown away. I thought Thelma's Special to be okay... I found the onions and tomatoes to be a little overpowering. Overall, I was pleased with the food and especially the service.

The next time I stopped by, I had a hankering for Crispy Pata (fried pork leg). To my dismay, that wasn't on the menu. I settled for the Lechon Kawali instead and Dinuguan (pork blood stew). At first glance, it looked like the servings were small but my husband and I were quite full and had enough leftovers for the next day. What really made me love Thelma's was the quality of the food. The Lechon Kawali had just enough crisp in the skin and was so flavorful. I had never had Dinuguan with so little fat. Usually other Filipino restaurants mix a lot of fat with the meat to be most cost efficient. 

The restaurant itself is very clean and well kept. The service is warm and friendly. The prices are reasonable.  I only wish they had more items on their menu. Otherwise, Thelma's is a restaurant that I would go to again and again!
I have only ordered the Shanghai Lumpia here. But the service was really great and the people are sweet. They packed it up well for easy carrying and traveling along with a goo amount o the sweet and spicy sauce, and vinegar sauce as well. The Lumpia is not the best I've had... Come on, if you are Filipino you know at least one of your auntie's makes it way better. But this is one of the best Lumpia I've had at a restaurant, admittedly I've only had from maybe 5 or so other restaurants
Just like home without the buffet. Great service. Home away from home!
i want to say it was hard to find but maybe i was a little off lol but anyway the adobo was simply amazing....i would definitely go back if i was on that side of town....!!
I grew up eating at Thelma's with my family and after moving to the mainland the one thing I missed, aside from local Hawaiian food, was good Filipino food. On a recent trip to Vegas, I remembered the Thelma's that opened last year so naturally the Filipino in me really wanted to stop by. The Thelma's special is A MUST. We ordered that, shrimp sinigang and pork adobo fried rice. All of which tasted soooo good! Can't wait to go back to see if their kare kare tastes just as good!
My recommendation: Chicken Adobo Fried Rice

Hands down, best thing about this place is the Chicken Adobo. 

They are very generous with their portions. The "mini" is enough to feed 3 or 4 people. 

The customer service at the counter is great. Everyone is so friendly and always smiling. They don't bother you once they bring your food to the table. They let you just relax and enjoy your meal. 

I love this place! That adobo has me coming back weekly.
Since this is the best Filipino food I've had in the Las Vegas area I'll have to give this place a high end 4-star.  Plus, their sister restaurant is Julie'z at Kapolei, HI.  Their lechon kawali isn't like Julie'z though...just as good, but different.

This restaurant is right near the Sunset Station Casino.  Sometimes it's nice to get away from all the buffets and glitzy restaurants of The Strip so when those times come we like to go here.  Comfort food that reminds me of home.  The food here is as good as it gets for Filipino cuisine.  The best deal in the house has to be their 4 item mix combo though.  You get a wide selection and the portions are decent for the price you pay (around $9).  I especially like the way they cook their dinuguan, pancit, and the broth for the oxtail soup.  The food here is delicious, the customer service is friendly, and the restaurant is roomy.  Great place for something different.
After looking around the Galleria Mall, I stopped by Thelma's Filipino Restaurant to get a hearty meal.. and a hearty delicious meal is what I received. Location is right across the street from the mall itself and nearby Sunset Station casino. I missed my friend's Father cooking homemade Chicken Adobo and Pork Gisantes.. oh the aroma that filled the room as he cooked these dishes. I woke up to this every time I slept over at her place. One of many reasons why I loved spending a night there :P So sometimes I have cravings for something sour, sweet, and tangy all in one visit. This place is just what I needed. 

I loved the dining area... so spacious and clean. The light green colored walls and wooden chairs gave this place such an cool, soft ambiance... I couldn't help but think I was in Hawaii or somewhere tropical. I enjoyed sitting by the window and having the sun rest on my face. Nice to look out and enjoy a beautiful day!!! 
I ordered a mixed plate of the choice of two.... I chose the one scoop of rice and mac salad with two entrees of the Pork Gisantes and Chicken Adobo. When the plate arrived, it had a wonderful fragrant, color, and looked so tasty!!! It was one huge chicken piece for the Chicken Adobo and the meat was so tender that you wouldn't even need a knife to cut it. All I had to do was peel the meat off with my fork. Juicy and a burst of flavor... it had a small acidic bite, but the sauce was so delicious with rice. The Pork Gisantes had chunks of meat, green peas and green bell peppers. The meat had a few chunks of fat too, but it contributes to the flavor of the dish, so I didn't mind at all. The sauces from both dishes were wonderful to taste...  It was a combination of sweetness and sour. I asked for the condiments and added some vinegar/garlic sauce to the Pork Gisantes, because I like to go a little extreme on the sour side. Maybe too much..  where you coat your whole tongue full of vinegar!!! I love it! 

After I finished everything... I always loved the Filipino dessert... Halo Halo! So I ordered their Halo Halo Special that came with Macapuno Ube(Young Coconut Purple Yam) ice cream! YUM. They serve it to you in a glass bowl with two scoops of ice cream and a piece of leche flan on top of crushed ice. Underneath the ice is where all the goodies are placed. Sugar palm fruit, jackfruit, nata de coco (chewy, jelly-like), and sweet beans are all mixed together to enjoy. It's topped off with some toasted crushed young rice and it's a wonderful treat to have after a tangy, hearty meal. And also you can sip it like a drink when you ate everything and all the ice has melted. So delicious and revitalizing to the senses!!! 

Service was very friendly and helpful. Although I don't eat much Filipino cuisine, I do love it every time I come here. Brings back good old memories and flavors I missed during my childhood. Their chicken adobo was very close in how my friend's father used to make it. Tantalizing aromas and flavorful dishes awaits for you at Thelma's Filipino Restaurant.
Stopped by here because we saw a yelp check in deal. We ordered the Lechon Kawali to share. Seeing that it was around $10 we figured it would be big enough for the both of us. Wrong! Our order came out and it was 4-5 pieces and a scoop of rice. The lechon was cold and hard. Maybe I'm just used to Cali filipino food because everyone rates this place highly or maybe I just came on a bad day. but I'm not coming back.
Okay I am Filipino and I don't really eat Filipino food. The only place I eat Filipino food is either when my mom makes the Americanized version at home or at Thelma's in Waipahu. Even that is rare. I'd say the only time I eat Filipino food is during the holidays.

How ironic. Thelma's is in Vegas and I LOVE their Thelma's Special. It is so tasty and artery clogging but totally worth it. We went there to order a snack of fried rice for my nephew and dad and to put in our order for catering on Christmas Eve. Like I said their Thelma's Special is awesome! Other dishes we ordered were the pumpkin with pork, pork guisantes, and adobo fried rice. Everything was so good. My other favorite aside from the crispy pork is the adobo fried rice. Mmm! 

Their prices are pretty reasonable too. The girls that work in the restaurant are super friendly and helpful. After leaving that restaurant all that was playing through my head was that "Filipino Foods" song.
Wow. This has instantly become my favorite Filipino restaurant. I first heard about this place a while ago from my coworker. I wish it didn't take me so long to finally go.

Since I'm not in the area much, I figured I'd try as many things as possible. I went with a four-item combo consisting of Mongo, Pinapaitan, Thelma's Special, and Pork Adobo. Of course, I added a small bowl of Sinigang for $1.

The Mongo intrigued me because it's Ilocano style, which I've never tried before. It's less soupy than the Mongo I'm used to. In addition, it's white as opposed to green. But more importantly, it was delicious.

Pinapaitan isn't something that would normally interest me. I don't like bitter dishes and the name screams bitter. Thankfully, the lady told me their version is more mainstream. And I do love tripe. The end result is very good, but I can still taste the bitterness obviously.

Thelma's Special is basically lechon with onions and tomatoes. It's pretty hard to screw this up and they certainly don't. Delicious.

As for the Adobo, this was the one thing I ordered that is probably the most ordinary. The large chunks of pork didn't really look like they would be tender, but they indeed were, surprisingly.

Make sure you check in before you order so that you get your 10% off. I actually forgot, but then when I mentioned it to the lady, she was totally willing to redo my ticket and give me the 10% off. I saved a whole 95 cents! It pays to pay with cash sometimes.
This was my third and last trip to Thelma's. I waited about 40 minutes for an order of garlic fried rice and banana lumpia. This was due to what appeared to me to be a lack of organization in the kitchen - where the cooks were cooking orders one at a time instead of trying to stack them or figure out how they might efficiently cook the orders. Not worth it. Never again.
The food was fine and the staff was friendly.  I got a pork and pumpkin dish and it was really juicy, tender pork with slightly crunchy pumpkin slices.  

The lumpia were pretty small... about the diameter and length of my finger.
They were open when we got there and the sign says open.  we were craving for filipno food but never was serviced because they were preparing to close.  I guess they're customer service is not a priority.  We were dissapointed after the long drive.  they could have accommodated us somehow.  So didn't get to taste their food.
This place is very clean and has a friendly staff. Our favorite was the sisig. Too bad they took it off the menu. Their sinigang and lechon kawali are delicious.
Being new to las vegas area i found this hidden gem across from the sunset station casino. ordered the oxtail soup which was very good, tender, had lots of flavor. Their lechon kawali was cooked  to perfection :-) crunchy goodness. I love how their a cook to order restaurant. everything was fresh. will be back again. i ordered to go but the staff was very helpful and friendly.
So I've lived by this place since it opened. I never went. When my mom arrived here in November, my brother took her here for lunch and brought back leftovers. She brought back adobo and oxtail soup. I ate the leftovers and thought it was pretty good. 

Then, a few Sundays later, I met up with them there and we ate lumpia shanghai, the Thelma's special, adobo, pancit mix, oxtail soup and shoyu chicken. For desert we had banana lumpia and ice cream in a bowl. 

Then a week later, I told Chris about it and he said, "Dang I'm jealous, I wanted to go too!" So we did. We shared and adobo fried rice and lechon kawali. 

Then when my dad came, we came here again and pretty much had the same things, except my dad had some kind of fish soup (I forget the name of this fish) and the food was just as delicious. So...this review will be on the items I have eaten thus far. 

Experience - 4.5 (out of 5)
Taste of the food - 5 (no complaints) 
Beverages - 5 (soda fountain, all you can drink plus they still give you a glass of water too and refill upon request). 
Location - 5 
Price for the food - 4 
Staff- 4
Clean bathroom - 5
Safe parking lot - 5 
Have a TV and the football game was on so Chris was happy - 5
Overall rating: 4.722

The portions for the price are decent. Even though my plate was a "2 choice" (pork adobo and pancit mix with one scoop of rice and one scoop of mac salad), the way they serve their meals, and you can easily share with whoever is dining with you. My brother had the shoyu chicken and Thelma's special and my mom had the oxtail soup. The food was plentiful and with tip came to about $50 (with 3 beverages). Seems kinda pricey for a Filipino joint, but this isn't some pick from a steam table place. It's a sit down and wait for some good grub kinda place. 
I like supporting Filipinos. I like supporting Filipinos that I think are from Hawaii. (Almost everyone that was there had some kind of "I'm from Hawaii" type shirt or had their "Island Pride" sticker on the back of their vehicles.)  I like supporting businesses that treat their patrons with respect and are appreciative that we're spending our money in their establishment. 

My only suggestion: the banana lumpia ice cream mix thing is yummy...just wish they put in 2 lumpias not one. I had to share this with my brother and was about to deck him for the whole thing (j/k). It was one scoop of ube ice cream with the banana lumpia sliced up and mixed together. Thanks Thelma's for giving me the idea to do that at home!! 

Too bad I only itch for Filipino grub once in a while (yep, gotta watch the HBP and cholesterol since I'm not a young un' anymore!). But if I do, I'm coming back to Thelma's. 

P.S. They have musubi there. Like 4 or 5 different kinds. Next time I'm going to try their longanisa musubi. 

Bonus: It's about 6 minutes away from my house!
Just got take out.  It was great.  Ordered the Thelma's Special and Chicken Tocino.  I look forward to more trips here!
Soooo delicious. The staff is so friendly and patient. The food is amazing. I definitely found one of my favorite Filipino restaurants of all time. It's the wait time for the food that is a little depressing but the food really makes up for it.
Thelma' s has never failed me. Been here many times especially for the fried pork (yum yum) and for Mark it's their lechon kawali (triple yum). Their service gives them the five star. Great food great service what more could you ask for !!!!
So this is probably the best Filipino restaurant I've been to in Vegas although technically its in Henderson. The lechon kawali which I always order was excellent, not too much fat like there is a other restaurants and the skin was nice and crisp, the pork and pumpkin dish that my wife ordered was also very good, the vegi was firm not soggy and that banana bread with ice cream is to die for. Oh and thank you yelp for getting us 10% off!
I have heard of this restaurant awhile ago.  I also read good reviews about the place.  I donot know why it took me awhile to finally go and try it.   I took my son and daughter with me after going to church last Sunday. We were not disappointed.  Everything was so tasteful.   The beef asada was tender and flavorful.  The pinakbet has fresh veggies.  The bagoong was perfect.  The Thelma's specialwas something different.  It was crispy  pork and it had bit a delicious sauce. I would definitely go back.
Awesome Filipino food... Must try thelma's special and adobo fried rice!
The food is amazing!!!! It's anytime food. Best service from quality and genuine people! If you don't try it you will have bad luck for a whole month!!(Jk;))
We ordered the adobo lunch combo and pancit mix for 15. 10% off with yelp check-in :)

- hard to find. I drove around in circles for a while then finally called. next to a vitamin shop. prius gps fail. 
- spacious and nice decor. clean bathroom! TFC. 
- great service! served to us without the tip.
- adobo was good. came with 2 pieces. tender. right amount of vinegar and soy sauce for a great taste. wish they gave more sauce to put on top of rice. side of fruit. 
- pancit was average. not dry, which is good. not sure if i would pay 8 bucks again for it. i'd just go for a pad-thai.
- close but no cigar. eating filipino food in west covina and artesia/cerritos, i'd say that this place almost matches up with them. a bit more expensive. Although this is a great choice when it comes Henderson. Loves the fresh food.
First off, I had to drive all the way around the building to find it. They are located in the back. If they didnt have a sign in the front of the building, you would never know they were there! 

Make sure you check in to get 10 percent off your order. 

Just about everything on the menu is dee-lish. I usually get the lechon and pork adobo with steamed rice. I love the fact that they give you a small cup of diced tomatos and onions mixed with soy sauce and vinegar. You gotta have that along with the Mang Tomas sauce for the lechon. It's not lechon without it! Now I don't need to describe it to you if you're a first timer. I would say its a safe bet for your first time. Once you get a taste of these two items, you will come back for more. Of course you gotta eat it with the steamed rice to equalize the flavor. Otherwise, you will complain that it is too salty.

To top it off, you gotta get the Halo-Halo for dessert! Its so good that they named it twice! Good to share but if you are able to finish it by yourself than you better get checked for worms! LOL. 

Service is ok. When you have a grip of people in there, don't expect to get your food with a snap of your fingers. They take cash and cards.
Driving 15 miles to come here for Thelma's special is worth it, in my opinion.  It is the only dish I have tried so far.  The hubby (a fellow yelper) and I both love it and since we are not big eaters, we usually just get that one dish and share it, along with their generous serving of white rice.  Location is great! If you feel stuffed after a big meal, go to either Sunset Station Casino or the Galleria Mall to walk it off!  =)

To Roger T., thanks for the advice! Will definitely check-in to get 10% off on my next order!
I have eaten here once before and was very satisfied, but yesterday did a take out order.  I had the pancit and mongo beans.  OMG===horrible. Pancit was ok but mongo beans tasted like soap. Made me gag.  I think Elena's is sooooo much better.
One of my favorite filipino food is Sarciado. Ordered from here and I instantly fell in love with the place. Hubby got the adobo, ofcourse good also. Clean and friendly environment.. 

The only reason I gave 4/5 because it is a bit pricey for a small serving.
My family just got back from Hawaii and just in time to celebrate my mom's birthday.

We went to her favorite place: Thelma's. 
Which was so conveniently located across Thelma's...as we were at Galleria Mall taking family photos as her gift.

Anyways, 4 adults and 2 kids devoured 2 Thelma's Specials, squid guisado, 2 bbq pork sticks, and we even ordered fried silet. I think the latter is pig intestines; and my brother was the only one who devoured that!

We even had room for halo-halo. Which I, personally, think is better than cake!

Food was amazing, as always! Mom was more than happy =)

The staff was so nice and polite, as always!
They even took our order at our table which is different than normal. I'm guessing because of our larger party.

Another great thing was my previous Yelp check-in allowed 10 or 5% off my tab. Which helped add to the tip the great staff got.
Pancit Palabok was the very first dish I ordered from here.  It's one of my favorite Filipino dishes that I only got to eat when at family parties. Now I can have it anytime here!!! Thelma's version is awesome...rice noodles drenched in the gravy shrimp and pork sauce topped with hard boiled eggs, crumbled chicharon, green onions, sliced lemons, yeah the works! The entree is meant to feed 2+ people, but I ordered just for myself.  Other favorite staples of mine are their Pork Gisantes. The meat is tender from being stewed with bell peppers and tomato based broth. Veggie lumpia another favorite.  Eggrolls are one of the foods the general public is introduced to when trying Filipino cuisine.   I come here for Diniguan too!  The pork is tender and very tasty. I can taste the garlic which I think brings out this dish. Some people are bit put off when you tell them the English translation "Pork Blood Stew" and the meat is cooked in the blood juices with garlic and vinegar. It's similar to the blood sausage or British Black pudding. So other than the process or the name of the dish, dont let that stop you from trying it out. Thelma's cooking is about close as to your mom's home style Filipino cooking as you can get.  

Must try: Halo Halo Special....Shaved ice topped with mixed fruits, Macapuno (Coconut) & Ube(Purple sweet yam) ice creams...order same time you get your lunch, it takes a while to crank out the shave ice.

Ambiance: Very clean, tables bussed right away. The place is Bright, natural sunlight beams down through all the windows surrounding the restaurant during the day. Maybe that's why it can feel warm even though they have the air conditioner on. For the Tagalog language challenged (ie Me) they have pictures of their different plates and entrees with the description and the menu in English.

Service: Super friendly! Lorene who is usually up in front taking orders is very helpful and knows my husband's order more than I do!  I did an order to go once and ordered fried rice. I totally forgot to mention to leave out certain ingredients from it, but Lorene knew anyways! Thank goodness! So yes the staff here are definitely  rockstars when it comes to service with a smile!
This place ia great!  Super friendly, cheap, and most importantly TASTY!!!

It is hard to find.  It on the inner part of the corner of sunset and marks.  Between mattress discounters and rubios mexican grille.
Everyone is really nice here. The food is ok(doesnt taste as fresh). I've had better. Its not my choice of filipino food but because its close to where i live so i come here. Their waipahu location is on point(i can taste the freshness), so it makes a total difference to me.
I stopped by the restaurant based on the great reviews. I ended up order the trio of the chicken adobo, Pork Gisantes, and a lo mein style noodle item. I found that both meat items were cooked very well technically, i.e. they were fall off the bone level tender/stewed. However, I felt that all three items were very bland and one noted. Nothing had any excitement, and I feel that the meal was a giant let down in the end. I really wanted to like this meal, unfortunately it was simply unable to deliver.
Thelma's special is delicious!!
Been wanting to try this since I moved here because of the 4 and 5 star reviews here on Yelp. While the service here is very good, I would have to say that the food is just OK. ( based on what I ordered - Thelma's Special).
Born and raised in the Bay Area, I have been exposed to the Filipino culture from my days as a small child. The families I have been around have always been so welcoming, and the food has always been phenomenal. Needless to say, I was expecting this same type of experience at Thelma's. 

My family and I ate lunch there a few days ago, and were a little shocked at the lack of customer service we received.  I get it; this place is not your typical set up. You need to order your food at the counter and then seat yourself.  Someone will then drop your food off at your table and will never check on you again. However, I noticed that other customers inside the restaurant were receiving more attention than we were. I only know some cuss words in Tagalog, so I couldn't follow the conversations. Don't get me wrong, they staff didn't mistreat us, nor were they rude in any way. We were basically ignored. For example, after our meal I went up to order the Coco-nana dessert. When the lady brought us our dessert, she didn't even grab our dirty dishes off of the table as she was heading back to the kitchen. I pre-tipped her when I paid for my bill, and felt that was the least she could have done. It's not like they were garbage cans around so I could clear my own table. I was less than satisfied from a customer service standpoint, but the food was good.

For an appetizer, we decided on the Shanghai lumpia. These were close to perfect, and were accompanied by a sweet chili dipping sauce. My only complaint was that there were only 6 in the order. I could eat 2 dozen of these by myself-they are so addicting. For our entree, we decided on the chicken adobo. Good--but I have had better. Specifically, the adobo lacked seasoning and came across as a little bland. The pancit was delicious! However, my favorite part of this meal was the previously mentioned coco-nana dessert. Warm banana bread with a scoop of coconut ice cream over the top was the perfect end to our meal.  I didn't even care that I am lactose intolerant. 

I really like this place and am thankful that there is authentic Filipino food in Henderson. However, I am disappointed that the Filipino culture  I was familiar with did not coincide with the customer service inside the restaurant.
Filipino food how are you not better known and worshiped? Oh that's right, 99% of the time these are just simple dishes, made with love and care at home. I was first introduced to Filipino fare in San Francisco. Then it was good but very greasy, Thelma was nothing like the dishes I remembered.
It's funny because the flavor and textures remind me if very trendy and at times very expensive cuisine. Take for example their lechon. If you are a fan or pork belly, this dish is heaven. Seriously, so good you know it's bad for you. Another example is their chicken adobo. So tender it's braised until it's falling off the bone. The squid guisado, is braised until tender and has some serious deep sea flavor. If you are a fan of the whole snout to tail movement, once again they have you covered. We have tripe, ox tail, hoof, the offal options are varied and done right.
The staff is so kind and patient. They happily make recommendations and explain anything that may spark your interest.
Prices are ridiculously good, and portions, well let's just say good luck. If you have never had the privilege of experiencing this cuisine Thelma's is the best place to introduce you to it.
My family would love Thelma's and give them 5 stars.  Me...not that much.  Tough for me to give Thelma's more than 4 stars because I am really picky when it comes to Filipino Food.  I grew up on this food and still think dad's cooking is 2nd to none.  I'm also from San Diego and lived 15 minutes from National City.  If you know National City, you know that's there's Tita's Kitchenette, Zarlito's, and Point Point Joint.  All tough acts to follow.  

I still give this place 4 stars for the clean restaurant, great service, selection, and decent food. Out of everything I've tried here, I have to say that their Adobo Fried Rice is very good.  

Sometimes service takes awhile and sometimes it's quick.  Located on the opposite end from where I live so its tough to even find the energy to drive out here for their food.  But if I'm in the area and in the mood for their Adobo Fried Rice, I will definitely make a stop.

Wish List:  Too bad they don't have Chicken BBQ on a stick.  One of those things I miss and have yet to find a good one out here.
Gustung-gusto ko ng masarap na pagkain.

I am honestly somewhere in between a 3 star rating and a 5 star rating for this place, so that is why the four. Not perfect but pretty damn good.

We came with an appetite and ordered a crap load of food. We ordered so much food, they moved us from a small table to a big table. Yeah, it was just me and my hunny and my son.

The following is what we devoured:

Spam Masubi
Longanisa Masubi
Lechon Kawali
Marinated Bangus
A mixed plate with: rice and macaroni salad, shoyu chicken, pancit mix, and squid guisado.
Another mixed plate with: rice, squid guisado, pinkabet and dinuguan.

I fell absolutely in love with their lechon. Some of the best in this valley that I have tried to be honest. Their mang sauce is definitely not watered down like other restaurants do. (My mouth is watering just thinking about the lechon now). It was fried perfectly with a perfect ratio of skin, to fat, to meat. And most importantly, it didn't leave a greasy feeling in my mouth.

The bangus was on point and was boneless. An extra plus for my hunny. 

The squid guisado was delicious as well. Not overpowered by the bagoong.

I find that a lot of places fill their pinakbet with squash and this was a good balance of all veggies. 

Both of the masubi's were delicious and the fact that I could order a longanisa masubi made me very excited.  

Honestly, it was all good. Except the dinuguan left me very disappointed. I was not a fan of the taste or texture of this one.

We spend a little under $40 for all the food and had plenty to take home. 

Just know that if you order hot tea, it is simply a lipton tea bag and they give the hot water and lemon and honey. 

And if you like they play TFC on the TV.

Gawin ang iyong sarili ng ilang mabuti at kumain sa Pilipino restaurant na ito nang hindi bababa sa isang beses.
Thelma's has great Filipino & some Hawaiian foods. The flavors are great and the service is wonderful. The only problem I would have is that when they ask me how I want my egg on my fried rice, I never get it the way I ask. So why do they even ask? Anyways...It doesn't take away from the taste. 

My favs are the Thelma's Special, Pork Adobo Fried Rice and the Longanesa Musubi. While eating there, I feel like I'm just eating at a relative's house :-), Filipino TV playing in the background all the time Lol. I've been to many Filipino food places and this is definitely my favorite. The best thing for me and my boyish figure (NOT) is that it's not too close to my house!
Great!

Don't be afraid to experiment, with food combos you are not familiar with.

Great food, very friendly - lots of local Filipinos!

Definitely going back.
Like peanut butter? Get the Kare Kare!
HAPPY PLACE

It's been a long time since I last tasted my most favorite Filipino dish Kare-Kare (oxtail, tripe, eggplant with peanut sauce). To counter balance the heavy saucy entree, I ordered a stir fired Lechon Kawali Guisaldo (crispy pork with squash). A dash of shrimp paste on the white rice, and I was on my way towards total Filipino euphoria which included watching some heavy Filipina soap opera. I also got my fill of Fanta Orange soda to boot.
Good food & friendly service! Would go back soon.
the BEST filipino food in the valley.  this is actually the same Thelma's restaurant that's in Hawaii.... I'm lucky enough to live pretty close to it, but if you are coming from north las vegas or summerlin i'm telling you, it is worth the trip!   everything is made fresh instead of just "buffet" style like the other filipino restaurants.  Thelma's special, kare kare, and adobo fried rice here are my personal favorites.
Lechon with onions and the milk fish is delicious! I came here Sunday and got a decent portion (not enough meat, in my opinion). I did enjoy the Filipino food, which I rarely eat.
I like their Dinuguan , Lechon Kawali and pinakbet. Flavor was really good.
They have to do something with their portions... seems like too little.

Order Halo-Halo, I think that was a rip off . There was hardly anything in it and they charge $5.

Service though was excellent!
Having never eaten Filipino food I was anxious to try something new. We made our way into the restaurant and liked that they had menus with pictures. You walk in and go to a counter to order your food. I told the person at the counter that I had never had Filipino food and he was very helpful with his suggestions. I got the adobo chicken and pork. The wife and kids got some kind of sweet chicken. All I know is that when the food is brought to the table the smells are wonderful. I can honestly say the chicken was the best I ever had. It was super flavorful and moist. Everyone had a great meal, and my daughter has already asked if we can go back. If your near this place stop in. You will not be disappointed.
We have been here a few times already and it is on the opposite side of town. We go there when we are in that area since I have not found a Filipino restaurant near where we live that I like. For me, this has the basics of the Filipino food that I like: pansit & adobo and it is good & cheap. The portions for a mixed plate are kind of small, but enough. I like the shoyu chicken more than the adobo. The only negative is I am a big fan of monggo. I like mine "soupy" with spinach and shrimp. Theirs is thick and creamy almost with fatty pork-not a fan of that version. Everything else I have tried there has been pretty good and not overly greasy like other Filipino restaurants.
The lunch specials are the bomb.com here! The chicken adobo is my favorite thing on the the menu. If you want some quick delicious lunch spots check this place out!
Good food. I'm a white boy so I was a little scared. I had the fried pork with vinegar and garlic sauce. Thumbs up.
I have to try this restaurant because of the great reviews I read, but was disappointed.  I ordered Thelma's Special and nothing really special with lechon kawali and some slices tomatoes with soy sauce on the side.  I also tried pork adobo and it was watery, not the way I wanted it to be.  I recycled it the next day and it turn out tastier than when I got it from them.  They also doubled charge me with the rice when, I didn't even ordered it.  Oh well, At least I gave it a try, 2 times.  I don't think I'm going back there ever again.  Sorry Thelma!
Thelma's fare is solid, but there was nothing that stood out as great.  The prices were great; dinner for 2 for less than $20.  We both had mix plates, and between the 2 of us we tried the Thelma's special, which is crispy fried pork pieces with onions & tomatoes.  The pork adobo, shoyu chicken, and the squid guisado.  Out of everything the shoyu chicken was the most tasty.  The rest of the dishes tasted like they were missing something, like they needed a little more something seasoning or something.  We added a little extra vinegar to the pork adobo and the flavor improved.

The staff was very nice and the facility was very clean.  They are kinda hidden, on the back corner of the strip plaza.
The food wasn't that great, and i loooovvveee filipino food. Service was great. They were fast... They have a lot of pork dishes, which I'm not a big fan of. Would I eat there again? Probably not or maybe - if someone else is paying. Lol
CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN:  Good Introduction Food for non-Filipinos - cooked well and not heavily seasoned.

THE MEAT: We had a lot of it because that's what hubby craved for.  We had pork adobo fried rice with fried eggs (adobo = anything stewed in garlic, soy sauce and vinegar), a sweetish salty pork sausage (longganisa), deep fried pork belly and the halo-halo special (a crushed ice dessert with beans and purple yam ice cream).  Everything was cooked (prepared) perfectly.  Hubby and I didn't know if it was our allergies acting up, but we found the food a little lacking in taste.  We wanted a little more soy, vinegar and garlic in everything... even more sugar in the halo-halo.  The only sweetness was coming from the ice cream (which you do not get in the regular order).  

I'd give this place 3.5 stars for the food, but because the place is large, clean and has awesome service, it merits 4 stars here.  If you were a health buff or a Filipino Food Virgin, definitely go to this joint.  If you're a little more adventurous with a well seasoned palette, you can try DT's Filipino Food.  Don't be fazed by the Chinese décor and the poor ratings on Yelp.  They have a good chef from Pampangga.

I'M STILL DIGESTING... All the grease from my meal.  Hehe.  Filipino food is soaked in fat/oil and is meant to be eaten in hot weather.  So when it is served, eat is fast.  Then exercise a little.  ;)

WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-) 
Adobo Rice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson?select=xYE3EQn05Hk17CtFgp6OOw#o_b8zRARbqPoDKlC7mXGTw
Longganisa http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson?select=xYE3EQn05Hk17CtFgp6OOw#NqQc4KgVWN7lYxeii69EpA
Lechon Kawali http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson?select=xYE3EQn05Hk17CtFgp6OOw#sKPQeo2eIWVvAf39_hchSQ
Halo-Halo http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson?select=xYE3EQn05Hk17CtFgp6OOw#lZ7ciIT90t2rnmp_dEytsw
Thelma's is a pretty decent restaurant.  While the food was good, it still wasn't amazing or anything special at all.  And since I am Filipino, I have high standards for my motherland's food.  Their lechon kawali was pretty good.  It was crunchy and not crazy oily.  There was a good fat to meat ratio as well.  They had the standard mang tomas sauce to go with the dish, which is very much essential.  I also tried their pinapaitan too, which is a gingery stew, with tripe and beef/liver.  Again, it was good, but not great.  Their chicken adobo was ok. But, I am very particular with this dish, and so it has to have the right amount of soy sauce, vinegar, whole ground black peppers and perhaps maybe even coconut milk with a bay leaf thrown in, so I am of course biased.  I also tried the Thelma's special, which is just lechon with minced onions and tomatoes on top.  My visit to this place ended with the halo halo special, which could have been a bit sweeter. It was also lacking more toppings.  Oh, and their water had no taste, which is good, seriously.  Don't you dislike the taste of tap?

The staff there was very friendly, I must say.  I went an hour before closing and there weren't a lot of people.  Finally, I would say that if you are in the mood for some decent Filipino food, check this place out.  You may satisfy your tummy, but you probably won't be wowed.  However, one thing to keep in mind is that Thelma's is still better than some other Filipino restaurants in town which have their food drowned and soaked in oil.
I'm so sorry but I just can't seem to understand their food.

Friend rice with egg and bacon. It was just straight up STILL white rice doused in soy sauce. For almost $6 for a small portion (VERY SMALL) not really worth the money nor actual food.

Service was okay. I ordered over the phone for pick up. I would come back to use my 10% off, and I hope they'd still take it.
First time trying Filipino food, and "yah, I'm a fan." 

My dad let me pick the restaurant tonight, so I turned to yelp and it came through! 

We tried the pork adobo fried rice and the Thelma special=a fried pork pieces with this fresh salsa thing. It was good. I would get both again and recommend others to it! 

I wanna try the pork pumpkin soup next time. And there lunch special looked really good. something like a dish, drink and fruit salad for around 7 bucks
HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013 - Contender #5

What started on a whim last week has resulted in the 5th day in a row of halo-halo for Mel C. and I.  Tonight we brought the challenge to the other side of town and invited a couple of Henderson Yelpers and the Asian Persuasion family to join us.  Shirley B is the duchess of Thelma's, a spacious restaurant near Sunset Station.  First tip:  use your Yelp app to check-in and get 10% off your order.  Ian A. checked in after he ordered and paid and missed out on the discount--sayang!  Next time, na lang.  

There are two halo-halo versions here:  the plain one for $5.25 and the special one for $5.75, which includes macapuno and ube ice cream.  We had the special version and the ingredients were:
pinipig (first time in 5 tries.  These are toasted rice grains--think Rice Krispies)
macapuno (coconut strips)
ube ice cream
kaong (sugar palm fruit)
nata de coco (coconut jelly)
langka (jackfruit)
cherries
**See, we are learning the real names of the ingredients as we go along, instead of saying "those red stringy things," and " these green balls (!)."  Yes, Mel and I are both the kind of Filipinos whose parents didn't really teach us Tagalog growing up stateside so we've had to learn as we go.  BUT, I can understand a lot, especially when you're not saying nice things  ;)

What was missing:
ube
leche flan
red beans (azuki)

Everyone's halo-halo preferences are different, so we're just doing the leg work for you and letting you know what we find along the way.  I am still on the hunt for the halo-halo that has ube, leche flan, red beans, langka, kaong, nata de coco, macapuno, and ice cream in ONE bowl.  The search continues.  

Halo-Halo Contender #1: http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
Halo-Halo Contender #2:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA
Halo-Halo Contender #3: http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ
Halo-Halo Contender #4: http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ
3.5 stars.

Every once in a while, I have a crazy craving for bangus.  Since I was in Henderson, I was so glad to find this Filipino restaurant in the area.  Of course I ordered the Bangus breakfast plate, with garlic fried rice and 2 eggs over easy.  I ordered mini spam fried rice for the kids and a pork BBQ on a stick for each of them. Thelma's is an actual restaurant, not  "turo turo" style, so the food is cooked to order. 

So, the kids and I grabbed a table, sat down, and waited patiently for our food while we watched Filipino soap operas.  And we waited.  And waited. And waited some more.  Sadly, there was only 1 party ahead of us. After 38 minutes, the food finally came, but by then I was losing my mind- because I had 2 very hungry and now cranky kids.  

At least the food was good comfort food.  And the mini fried rice was a huge order- so much that even after the kids devoured it- we still had leftovers to take home.  And the bangus with binegar hit the spot. 

The restaurant is huge, plenty of seating.  The service was friendly. The prices are higher than the "turo turo" places. I just wish I had brought a snickers bar in my purse to alleviate those "hangry pains" (hungry + angry) that crept up while we were waiting. 

*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 52/100*
gross,soooo oversalted, fatty,unhealthy and overpriced.
I came here with friends due to the glowing yelp reviews. Service was excellent. Of the dishes I sampled, their Kare-Kare was the shining star with real peanutty flavor and lovely oxtail and veggies. This Sinigang Stew with Shrimp  (a sour soup made with a tamarind base) was pretty good and arrived with ample shrimp. I personally wish it was twice as sour but it satisfied.

Less impressive were several dishes:

The Lumpiang Shanghai, a deep-fried meat-filled spring roll with a sweet and sour dipping sauce, lacked flavor and texture.

The Pancit Palabok craved seasoning and any anato seed flavor. The rice noodles were unexpectedly thin like a vermicelli but the lack of flavor was the main issue.

The Halo-Halo (mix-mix) Special as dessert was just pure disappointment.  In their menu, the regular Halo-Halo description included several components while the Special seemed to include the regular ingredients plus Ube (purple sweet root crop) ice cream. The special arrived in an okay-looking presentation of crushed ice with condensed or evaporated milk, red nata de coco (coconut gel), something else that was red and seemingly coconut-based, as well as Ube ice cream. It was missing red beans, garbanzos, macapuno (shredded, sweetened coconut) and pinipig (crunchy, crushed young rice). Any addition of even just one of those ingredients would make it truer to its name.
Visited last week and was very happy. It took a few minutes longer than expected but it was well worth the wait. WILL return, next time in town.
STILL MY FAVORITE FILIPINO RESTAURANT

We had our UHE "Unofficial Henderson Event" with several other Henderson community Yelpers. Lunch was family style for the five of us. More than enough food with plenty of leftovers for a snack later on. It was also a chance to catch up with Thelma's two daughters who operate this restaurant.

Great place to meet, chat and enjoy great Filipino cuisine.
no no no no no
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  Only location is half an hour away from where I live.

LIKE  The lunch special. The food selection. The shrimp omelet. The fried rice. Thelma's special.

LOVE  The homemade taste.
I found Thelma's here on Yelp while in Henderson after a craving my wife had for good Filipino food. Being a bit skeptical myself when it comes to Filipino restaurants here in Vegas and preferring my wife's we gave them a visit. The location of Thelma's was only about 3.5 miles from our current locale and heading towards the direction of where we reside in North Las Vegas. Upon arriving at the address we discovered they are located in the rear, as the business post multiple suites via the same street number on Sunset. However once inside this was not your typical Filipino hole in the wall so to speak but a clean, spacious family dining establishment. Based on the reviews from Yelp I order the Pork Adobo Fried Rice and my wife had a combo plate. The host was pleasant and professionally apt to taking our order without flaw. The meal was delivered to our table within 5-10 minutes which I considered just great as this is not necessarily Mickey D's. I found the dish I ordered fresh and tasty even though the Adobo was prepared differently than my wives. I believe Star Anise may have been more heavily used than vinegar and soy sauce which I had no complaints with. My wife was just as pleased with her meal and didn't require a to go container. All and all we enjoyed Thelma's from the clean appearance of the restaurant, quality of the food and even appreciated being served on real dinnerware not styrofoam containers.
I have to start this review by saying that I hate Filipino food at restaurants. I grew up with the traditional Filipino mom who made a home cooked Filipino meal every night. So my expectatios are really high. Restaurant Filipino food tends to be on the bland side to cater to everyone. I'm used to all the fatty, salty, greasy deliciousness. 

My family lives in California so I don't get to eat as much Filipino food as I would like to. However, the craving can get overwhelming at times. So where do I go?!?! Here!!!

This is the closest it gets to Filipino home cooking. Everything I've eaten always comes out piping hot and fresh. Everything is flavored correctly. I haven't tried anything that I didn't like. My favorites are kare kare (oxtail and vegetables cooked in a peanut butter broth served with shrimp paste) and Thelma's special (pieces of lechon with tomatoes and onions served with special sauce). All sounds off if you aren't used to it, but trust me it is delicious. Only reason why I docked a star is because this isn't my mom's cooking, but it satisfies the need.
Been here a few times but haven't really wrote a review about it. This place is really good. The place is not a buffet style you actually order from the menu and they do have it to go too. The place was clean and comfy the staff seems like she does everything from taking your order to cashier to clean the tables and bringing your drinks. any ways my fave dish was the thelma's special its bascially lechon chopped into cubes with onions and tomato and the seasoning.  the portions were pretty good and can could feed about 2 or 3 people. i definitely would make this my to go spot when im craving lechon!
I was heading to the mall nearby and decided to try Thelma's. My boyfriend and I were satisfied from the first bite! If it's your first time and want to try a little bit of everything, get the mix plate. Great service as well.
Since it opened, this place is so Hawaii kine. It improved a lot on the menu. The food is still very enjoyable with the ALOHA feel. I wish I could substitute the macaroni salad with PANCIT instead. hint hint
We ordered take-out and waited for some time, only because we had a big order. If you check-in on Yelp you get 10% off. The lady at the counter was nice. Can't really write a full review because we never sat down and ate but the location was bigger and cleaner than the Waipahu location.
AMAZING!!!!!!!!! The fried pork is an orgasm in your mouth!!!!!! Everything is wonderful, I haven't had this good of flilpino food since a friend!! You must go here
Food is ok..
Service is slow..
Waitresses need to figure out which order belongs to who..
They're nice.. But people come here to eat not to make friends with them..
Seriously speed up the process..
You can't have one person wait 40-50 minutes for one order!!
nice staff and attentive when it's a slow to moderate crowd but when it's a tad busy they get flustered and discombobulated. my girl ordered 2 - 2 item meals to go and got her order 30-40 later after two customers after her recieved their orders first. That's my rant on service. 

Food wise, I have no complains. Always on point and very tasty but they do need to work on portion consistency. 3.5 stars
My order, every time:

Appetizer: Shanghai Lumpia
Entree: Mixed plate of chicken adobo, pancit, white rice and macaroni salad
Dessert: banana lumpia special (the one with ice cream)

I'm drooling as I type this...so delicious. This is the only place I'll go when I'm craving filipino food. No, I'm not filipino, and no, I'm not an expert on filipino food, but I do know delicious food when I eat it and THIS place is delicious. Too delicious to stray from, even though I have to drive to BFE to enjoy it. 

I knocked it down one star because theres been a few times I went when the service was bad enough that I seriously considered taking my food to go (because no, I wasn't abandoning the food after my long drive because someone wanted to be rude or have an attitude), but USUALLY the service is great- fast and polite.
Very good food! I always get the same meal every time which is pork adobo (their chicken adobo is good as well), pancit, white rice and mac salad. For dessert banana bread with coconut ice cream on top, yum yum!!
They redeemed themselves tonight. Great service, quick and everything tasted "masarap"! Try their "coco-nana" dessert. Banana bread and coconut ice cream on top! Yum!
Updating my review from my last experience ... I'm impressed ..
Food was good, service was good !
I guess you can say I'm glad I gave it another try.

Thelma's Special is my favorite ..
New item we tried is the Longanisa Musubi! Which was D E L I C I O U S!
Well this was a disappointment to say the least. We had high expectations from the reviews and ratings.  The pictures posted are really old and so are some of the reviews so take the into consideration.  We went as a family which included 4 filipinos that were craving authentic home made filipino food.  As expected the food was high in salt but this was more salt than needed for the cooking.  The menu selection was ok nothing great.  The duck wasn't very good. The lumpia seemed like the frozen kind you just heat up.  Disappointed.
Thelma's used to be my favorite Filipino restaurant but lately the quality of their food hasn't been up to par. I ordered take out chicken adobo, only to get home and find out they gave me fatty inedible pieces of pork. Sad thing is, I actually tipped and complimented them on how speedy their service was. LMAO. I need to find a new Filipino spot.
A nice quiet restaurant off The Strip!! I don't normally eat Filipino food, but this place is def a favorite when in Vegas for the weekend. I always get the Adobo Chicken Fried Rice and it ALWAYS hits the spot. Plenty of shredded chicken inside with a blanket of scrambled eggs on top!! Deliciously delicious:]] Affordable too, $8.50 for a huge portion. Also tried the regular Adobo Chicken and it was probably the best i've ever tasted. Use the Yelp Check-in for 10% off. I always try to find time in my weekend to make a stop here.. Craving it now as im writing this review actually ha!!
Went for our first time on a Thurs evening. Food was ok,staff seemed to be busy dealing with the kitchen area. We were one of three tables of people. I don't know if they normally keep it so dark.
We had pancit with lumpia. Just noodles and a few tiny bits of cabbage,lumpia wasn't very good,almost burnt and was mostly wrapper. We also had the pork and pumpkin. Very little of the pork was edible.  Mostly fat and hard dry pieces that I couldn't chew. The sauce was very tasty.
So my girlfriend and I ordered four halo halo specials. You know what we got? We received six ingredients- ice, two of the tiniest scoops of ube ice cream, condensed milk, some red jello, kaong, and macapuno. 

No mungo, corn, leche flan, and other usual things. This is the special. I wonder if their usual halo halo only would have ice and milk.

Seriously, don't be so cheap. People, do not go and support a restaurant where it took them 15 mins to make this dessert. This is a total ripoff. Never again.
Coming from a family of great cooks (Mom and many Titas - all from Pampanga) we are always on the lookout for good Filipino food here in the states.

If you're out of town and you're looking for this place - set your GPS to find the Sunset Station Casino, then look to the small strip center directly in front of the Casino.

We got two kinds of Lechon - the "traditional" kawali style and "Thelma's Special" - the kawali was EXCELLENT - super crispy and the perfect cuts of meat, fat, and crispy skin.  Kare-Kare, Shanghai Lumpia, Boneless Bangus, and (of course) Pork BBQ all hit the table very quickly and freshly cooked.

Perhaps my favorite part is the "openness" of their kitchen - you can clearly see it from the dining room, as well as the back hallway leading to the restrooms, where they have a large window that lets you really see behind the scenes.  Being in the restaurant business for the last 20+ years, I've really come to an appreciation of any business (especially Family owned) that has a high standard of cleanliness and food safety.

The staff was very friendly - didn't mind speaking to our mixed group in either Tagalog or English - and responded to every request eagerly and with genuine hospitality.

Looks like our family has a new "regular" spot whenever we come to Vegas!!!

Maraming Salamat!
I don't know how this place got good reviews.  We stopped by for lunch and waited 40 minutes and did not get our food. They were so disorganized sending plates to the wrong tables.  Our plate was last at a table for ten minutes and then the waitress bought it to our table we refused to take the order. We left without eating and wasted an hour.  Would not recommend. Don't go
Best Filipino restaurant in Las Vegas!  I always get their mixed plate. Delicious pork adobo, Thelma's special, and mongo beans.   This is the only place where the Filipino food is made like my family's recipe. The staff is very friendly and always smiling. I would absolutely suggest to everyone to try this place out!
Great home cook food. I cannot ask better. Service was very fast and friendly. The restaurant is very clean. And definitely will return when we are back in Vegas
Hubby and I love this place and a regular haunt for us.  My Hubby's fav: adobo fried rice and spam musubi.  My favorite: pinakbet and Thelma's special.  This is a must try for anyone craving Filipino food.
Food was ok.  Nothing special.  Food was overpriced.  Spam musibi did not taste great. The rice was mushy and the whole thing fell apart after you picked it up and took one bite. I think they did not use the proper rice to make it.   Chicken adobo too salty,  and pinikbat was ok.  Squid was ok.  My kids usually love pancit but they barely took a few bites.  My kids didn't like the adobo either and usually that's their favorite food.
Ordered the pork & fish sinigang... it tasted like the soup was ready made &  then they just added the meat in when its ordered so the meat tastes bland... doesn't absorb the sauce because they cook it separately... My dad went there last week and said the food wasn't good either... they take to many short cuts to save money... then the taste of the food suffers...
Good Filipino food
Expensive.
Unfriendly staff.
Do not order marinated bangus. 
Will never eat here again.
Thelma's is a really good restaurant to go to if you're in the mood for Filipino food. The prices are reasonable and the portions are a good size. They have a bunch of things to choose from like fried rice, sinigang, pancit, beef tapa, adobo and lots more. My personal favorite is the longganisa fried rice!
I literally had the best breakfast in my life here. 

I've traveled a good portion of the world and I have been to all 50 States. 

Until I had the chicken adobo garlic fried rice with two eggs over easy at Thelma's, I've never had anything so good for breakfast. I normally dislike rice but this rice is different. 

I ate here several times over my week in Vegas and I will definitely do so again.
You would think that they would do a better version of Shoyu chicken because they are from Hawaii. I was very disappointed.  The chicken was lightly seasoned, barely any soy and not sweet at all. I almost thought they served me adobo.
I'm from Seattle and grew up in Hawaii. My biggest complaint about Seattle Filipino food is that it is more miss than hit. I'm told this restaurant has ties to Elena's in Hawaii. The food here is legit. Reminds me of home. 

I had the Mixed Plate (4 choices): Pork Gisantes, Squid Guisado, Pinakbet, and Thelma's Special (chopped lechon kawali with tomatoes, onions, and soy sauce). For desert, Banana Lumpia. 

And it was all good.

I love the food here.
I'd never eaten in a Filipino restaurant before this one, and in all honesty I probably wouldn't have if this one hadn't opened up round the corner from my flat.

But I'm really glad I did. I had a chicken curry, which, although it was only mildly spiced compared to how I would normally have spicy food, the combination of the spiced chicken with papaya and coconut milk worked proved a really tasty combination. Next time I'll be sampling something from their pork or seafood section of the menu, as they all looked really good as well.

Main courses range from £6-£9, and the starters and mains were considerably cheaper, which makes for a really nice meal at a surprisingly good-value price. This, combined with the fact that this is one of probably not more than half a dozen Filipino restaurants in Edinburgh, makes this a good choice for those times when you fancy eating out and want something different, but without breaking the bank.
This a great restaurant if you fancy an Asian meal with a twist - Filipino food has obvious Eastern influences but also a surprising amount of European ones, due to its colonisation by the Spanish. This little restaurant is a good place for a date, as it's small and intimate. The staff are really friendly and bend over backwards to make you feel welcome.

The food is really good, with a healthy mix of beef, chicken, pork and seafood. The starters range from £3 to £4.50 and the breaded prawns are particularly good. There is a good variety of mains as well, ranging from a fiver to £8.50 for the most expensive. One of the highlights of Rice Terraces is that, unlike many cautious Chinese restaurants, they have more unusual selection of dishes including oxtail and tripe, milkfish and tilapia (a type of fish). Pretty much all the fish dishes are good, especially the squid in garlic, vinegar and soy sauce, and the mixed noodles offer a good cheaper alternative. The desserts are also really well thought out; they are original and compliment the meal nicely, with the best being the banana and jackfruit spring roll with coconut ice cream.

They have recently gained a licence, with the best being the Filipino San Miguel. If you are looking for something a little different from the generic Asian fusion restaurants then this is definitely the place to go.
Had lunch here on Sunday of last weekend. My companion and I were only one of 3 sets of diners but that could be down to the restaurant not being well known. Given the quality of the food and the friendly service that state of affairs could well change so I'd suggest you head along as soon as you can before things get too busy.


 We shared the 8 course fish menu and although I've no idea what any of the dishes were the presentation was very attractive and there was no more delay between courses than you'd averagely expect. Our waitress was very attentive and overall it was a very pleasant dining experience which I'll happily repeat as the rest of the dishes on the menu look equally appetising.
Masarap!  It isn't as good as my mama's cooking, but if I can't have that, then this will be a good substitution.  The restaurant seating area is small as in not many seats.  When I walked in, the smell reminded me of home =).  I was greeted by the waiter and he is Filipino, so I knew would be very helpful.  There is a section of the menu that is dedicated to 2 people as it is a set menu:  a seafood set menu and a meat set menu.  With some items on the menu you also have the option to try kamayan, which is eating with your hands.  Most of the couples in there (seems to be a popular place for romantic dates) went straight for utensils, but there was one couple that wanted to try it.  The waiter explained the technique (yes... there is a technique) and he did a good job.

I started with the Lumpia Shanghai, pork eggrolls with a spicy sweet and sour dipping sauce.  Those were delicious, just like home.  I noticed my favourite dish on the menu, Sinigang na baboy, a tamarind based soup (sometimes called sour soup) with veggies and pork.  There is a small and a large size.  While the waiter said that the small size was like a starter and the large size was enough for two, I opted for the small size with a bowl of steamed rice.  He came out with a little box with holes at the top and candles inside, placed it on the table and placed a plate on it.  Now everyone was looking at me because I was the only one not ordering from the set menu.

He then came back with a bowl of rice and a bowl of sinigang.  He moved the plate onto the table and then placed the bowls of food on the box.  Clever idea!  When he said that the small portion was like a starter, he must've meant a starter for two because it was more than enough for me.  The rice was perfectly done (yes, I'm a snob about my rice).  And the sinigang was really good... only complaint was that some of the pork was a bit tough.  There were green beans, tomatoes, onions, and napa cabbage.  The broth was a little spicy, which was nice.  I did ask the waiter for patis, a fish sauce, to add a bit of salt to the broth.  They came through!

I also decided to have dessert, usually I opt for Halo Halo or Ube, but because I don't see it on menus often, I went for the Bibinka.  The Bibinka wasn't quite what I am familiar with, but it was still warm and tasty.  And... all of that (I had water to drink) was under £11.00.  I highly recommend this place (I walked 1.5 miles from my hotel to get there)... while it is authentic, it also provides a lot of dishes and even tutorials to help introduce people to Filipino food.  Was a bit sad that I couldn't come back for breakfast in the morning!
At last I've finally got round to trying out Rice Terraces! The service is great - our waiter was really friendly. We shared the breadcrumbed gambas (prawns) and vegetable lumpia - the prawns were nice, but neither dish had a lot of flavour. Had me wishing I had gone for the fresh mackerel instead, but that can wait for another visit. 

Because the boy didn't like the fish kamayan menu and I don't eat meat, we didn't try it this time round, but it will be on the list to try for next time to. Instead, he tucked into barbeque pork, which surprised him by the lack of sauce while I pushed out my sensory boat by opting for bitter melon and prawns. Note to self: now you've tried bitter melon, you never ever ever ever have to eat that again - never has a vegetable (or fruit) been more aptly named. Sadly after trying it, it seemed to mask the flavour of the rest of the dish, so I didn't particularly enjoy my meal, although the bamboo rice that we shared was tasty. For dessert, the boy tried out the jackfruit and banana pancake while I tucked into a surprisingly fruity leche flan. Yum!  

So in all honesty, I wasn't superwon over with my Filipino  restaurant experience, but I think it was through the choice of dish more than anything, so as I've mentioned already, we will go back to try some more before I fully make up my mind.
My mom is from the Philippines and when people find this out they sometimes ask what Filipino food is like. I always say that it's a mish-mash of Spanish, American, and Chinese/Thai and that is absolutely delicious. Sweet and sometimes spicy and there's a tang to it! I first came to this restaurant last August when my sister was over visiting.  I had missed my mom's cooking and felt a little home sick so we decided heading to a Filipino restaurant would satisfy my craving.  I invited two friends who had never had Filipino food but were interested and eager to see what all the fuss (me complaining how much I missed pancit, pan de sal, and adobo) was all about.  It was amazing. I was in heaven. It was like my own mother was cooking for me. 

I went again about a month ago for my friend's birthday.  Her boyfriend had never tried Filipino food but was very keen.  Again we were very pleased with the food. If you are with group of at least four then I suggest you opt for the 'Kamayan' style dining option.  It's customary in the Philippines to eat with your hands so they provide each diner with a little bowl with warm water and lemon juice to rinse your hands between courses.  Alternatively, you can ask for cutlery (but there's not fun in that!). 

The starter we received was a mix of pork and chicken skewers and lumpia (which are like mini spring rolls filled with pork and veges). The next course was a chicken and ginger soup. Note that the chicken still had bones in it.  We had a variety of the mains.  My friend's boyfriend really enjoyed the lechon (roasted pork).  For dessert, we decided to try all four (aside from the ice cream and halo halo). The bibingka which is made from cassava root was very tasty as well as the leche flan (caramel/condensed milk) and the turon (friend banana). Note we asked to switch some of the items on the set menu with some on the a la carte menu and they happily obliged. 

The best part of the meal was the service. I think it's part of the Filipino mentality but we were definitely impressed (both times!). What I understand is that it is a small family that runs the restaurant and on both occasions the son was our server. He went above and beyond what's expected and provided excellent knowledge and advice on everything we ate. 

It's a fun and delicious dining experience. If you are curious to taste what Filipino food is like then I highly suggest you try it out.
A hidden gem that I would easily classify as one of the best places in Edinburgh for a casual, friendly and quiet dinner.

Pros: very tasty food, appetizing food presentation, homy ambience, friendly and attentive waiters, one of the best value for money places I know.

Cons: mostly fried food, poor dessert selection, average decoration.

Comparison: As good as Indaba (but cheaper). Better than Kampong Ah Lee, Kismot or Mosque kitchen.

Highly recommended!
I just exited the freeway and there was their big sign facing the street, Filipino Food! Great timing, I decided to stop by.

Restaurant was roomy and staff were very nice. The place is new, opened a week ago. They did inform me of another location much smaller.

My order:

Lechon Kawali: Flavorful, skin was great, not too fatty

Sinigang na pork: Soup wasn't as sour as they traditionally are, meat not so tender but it did satisfy

Overall, not bad.. I will try their pancit and adobo next time around just cause its the actual name of the store!
I thoroughly enjoyed my take-out experience at Pancit Adobo. The ladies working the front of the restaurant were warm and welcoming and aided me in ordering since I was a little confused.

Just so everyone is aware, they have 1 and 2 item combos - a couple of things on the menu are excluded from the combo plates but they will inform you of that as soon as you order it. I brought home a two item plate with milkfish (low bone content), lechon, and I also ordered talong (eggplant omelet w/pork. All very good and closer to Centennial Hills.
I had the garlic rice with lechon and adobo. I was in heaven. This would have been a 5 star rating if they had gisantes.
The customer service was excellent and the food is really authentic. Since I'm Filipino, I grew up around yummy Filipino food,  So I'm really picky when it comes to places that say they are "authentic".  I can honestly say that Pancit-Adobo's food is delicious and it tastes just like my Lola used to make!
My recommendation:
Pancit Bihon, Chicken adobo and bbq chicken skewers
I had gotten off work late tonight and I just didn't have it in me to cook dinner on top of my long work day the last 2 days. So I decided to go out and actually "pay" for filipino food.  I am filipino and usually when I have cravings I will either go to my mom's house or cook myself some. 

I never been to this place, it was my first time ever walking into this place.  I found it thru yelp "search nearby" feature on my phone. The menu was the shortest menu I had ever seen.  It's "turo-turo" style setting, which means, you walk in, and you pick your entrees for your combo meal. You get 2 scoops of rice and you get to pick 2 items off their food line up . It reminds me of Panda Express, when you get a 2 item combo; you get your rice/noodles (carbs) and get two entrees to go with it, same exact concept. 

My daughter had:
2 chicken BBQ stix with 2 scoops rice, and although the picture I took of her was not the most flattering or appetizing one, she really liked it. 

I had:
Arroz caldo with tokwa at baboy. It was rice porridge cooked with chicken, fresh ginger and garnished with green onion and toasted garlic. The tokwa (tofu) at baboy (lechon kwali) which is deep fried  roasted pork with skin cooked to crisp perfection, while both sat in vinegar soysauce dip with ground pepper, fresh garlic?


I also ordered:

Pork Mechado to go for lunch the next day. It came with white rice. 
It had carrots, potatoes, red bell peppers in a tomato base, like stew. 
Haven't eaten it yet, but I will let you know as soon as I do.

Overall, it was good authentic filipino food. 

Total bill: $21.00 including 2 tall glasses of iced tea. =)


BTW:

Monday thru Friday they offer 45 min of ballroom/latin dance lessons for $6 a person between 6-9 pm. I'm actually thinking of trying it out, and that too, I will let you know =)
While on vacation visiting my brother and fam, I was craving some homecooking. Back home in SF Bay Area, I'm way too skilled on where to go. Vegas? I need just a teeny bit o' help. I based our selection on Yelp reviews and you guys are right! This place is fabu!

Feeding my bro and his fam bam consists of me, my daughter, bro, his wife, and their 3 boys. I was able to spend $60 on loads of food and have lefties for the next day! Pancit Bihon, Chicken Adobo, Shanghai Lumpia, Mechado, and one mango slushy = YUM YUM EH YUM YUM! I thought the lumpia was overcooked. Bit down and the wrap separates from the filling.

We ordered to go late dinnertime-ish (8pm). There were 2 booths in folks so the place was quiet that I could figure out what to buy on a Vegas budget! The staff was helpful in making my portion decisions and even offered a sample of their Adobo Rice...sadly, they were out. BUT THE OFFER WAS NICE! ^.^

They offer catering 

When I'm back visiting the fam bam, I'll be back to Rock Spring's Pancit Adobo! I can't wait to go in for some breakfast! And if you know what's good for ya', you'll get a mango smoothie. YUMMO!
Cafeteria style, okay selection, but big dining area.

I ordered Mungo and Chicharon Bulaklak and they were both good.  Prices are good too, $4.99 for a single order and $5.99 for two.
Although there is table service, Pancit Adobo has a large buffet from which the server scoops out the orders. They look interesting and tempting on the buffet with a large selection of mostly fried foods. 

My family is well versed in many different types of ethnic foods and we are always ready to try new things. We are absolute novices when it comes to Filipino food and I would have appreciated a bit more guidance when ordering at this restaurant. We ordered about five dishes, some of which I am sorry to say I don't remember. The pancit was good as was the Beef Adobo, but some of the other dishes we ordered we found inedible (might have been from an admitted lack of Filipino ordering savvy on our part). We got a squid dish that was soggy, squishy and very fishy. Perhaps it is supposed to be that way? We normally love squid in a variety of recipes, but we found this disgusting. Untouched, save the small taste each of us spit out, the server never asked if she could perhaps replace the order with something else. Although friendly, she didn't bother to ask if we liked our food.

WORST of all was the SMALL ROACH that scampered across my daughter's booth seat which we had to sweep to the floor and stamp on. This was done while the waitress was in front of us, delivering our food.  She scarcely acknowledged it and did not even apologize.

We will not return.
What happened?  They're closed for business!
I would have given the quality of food just ONE STAR but added another star due to the next following discoveries. 

I gave it another star since they had a band that night and the TAHO dessert was good. (who can go wrong with TAHO....)
SIZE OF THE PLACE: Quite spacious,  lots of tables, good size dance floor if needed.
ATMOSPHERE:  nothing too exciting,  the floor had a sticky feel.  and the tables felt unclean.   There were I think two flat screens which I'm sure they have TFC (The Filipino Channel) running all the time unless they had entertainment.
BATHROOM:  We got there around 7'ish and not too many people....so to find the bathroom stall with no toilet paper and unkempt...was not a good impression to me.  
*****
Now let's talk about the food- it's what makes or break your establishment:
1- i caught a glimpse of the 'cook' through the little window to the kitchen and saw him hold up the giant spoon (the kind used to cook with) and taste out of it...WHICH IS GIANT NO-NO- known to all real chefs)

Buffet  for $19.99 (includes two drinks) was being offered that night probably due to the band performing.  
I was informed there were other foods out but had been put away since it was getting close to buffet time --7:00pm.  

***NOTE***for the price of the buffet...which is competitive with a lot of different buffets in Las Vegas....they charged way too much for the limited selection they had.  
-PANCIT:  it wasn't too bad
-Adobo:  I'm sorry to say but ....very disappointing, it lacked taste and ....TASTE
Being that the name of the restaurant, I would expect more 
-Lumpia:  it's as if fillers were used to stretch the filling and was weird cuz the wrap separated from the "meat".  Tasted as if old oil was used.  
Dinuguan;  the meat or whatever was used was chopped so small so you cannot tell what was actually used.  Sauce was very thin
Turon:  All wrap
Best place to grab a bite or drink to escape the heat!  Try their halo-halo... I think it's the best in town.
I was pretty stoked to learn about a Goldilocks store near my place but wound up disappointed when we entered the store. Severely lacking of entrees to choose from and their baked goods are limited as well. Prices are a bit on the high side. Might as well go to Seafood City to buy Goldilocks pastries - generally a few cents cheaper. Lady behind the counter wasn't too pleasant nor helpful. Off day perhaps?

Maybe I'm just spoiled with other Goldilocks chain stores in California. I will check out the other one at Henderson though. Hopefully that location is much better.
Always a great source of Filipino food.
It's like being home. Sarap Pinoy food. :)
Why Do Some people think they can open a restaurant?  Why?

I used to feel bad disparaging a place.   Kinda along the lines of, "if you don't have anything nice to, don't say anything at all."  On the other hand, if you open a restaurant and you do not even come close to delivering a pleasurable experience you deserve to hear the truth!  Quite frankly, I am tired of people like this ruining my dining experience!

This place is in the failed Pancit Adobo location.  Honestly, I think this place will see the same fate.  The only positive thing I can say is they cleaned the place up and replaced the hideous carpet that was there before.  

I walk in and there is zero signage in the store.  Nothing that says seat yourself, order here, no menu board, nothing with prices... get this... no menus!  I asked the lady behind the counter and through hand gestures the nearest I could figure was that this is a Filipino Panda Express.

The dishes in the steam table were not labeled so I had to guess and point at stuff.  Apparently, the only menu option is a 2 item combo with rice.  I asked for a 3 item combo but I  could only get a 2 item with an extra side.  

So, I go to pay - "no credit cards."  The only signage in the store was a visa logo on the door and they do not take cards!!!!  Actually, at this point I didn't even know how much the total was.  I had a few bucks on me - but I just left.  I couldn't deal with such idiotic business owners anymore.

ATTENTION all business owners:  there was this new invention 40 years ago called a credit card that allows people to buy things with out cash.  Seriously, it only costs 3-4% of the sale.  So this restaurant would rather lose a sale than accept credit cards.  I don't even mind if they pass the cost on to the customer.   

Even if they opened that day - No Menus??? really.  No website, no local listings.

I am not giving this place a bad review because some one was rude to me or because my ice tea wasn't just right --- this place gets a bad review because it is a poorly run business.
I had to give this place a second chance.

I still have issues with this place, but this time my visit here was met with much warmer and friendlier service.  The service was enough to make this place worth visiting.

Here's the deal.  It is a fast food panda express like Filipino food restaurant.  A 3 item combo was only 5.99 or you could buy just a serving of something.  I only know 2 dishes in Filipino food; pancit and adobo.  For some reason I didn't get any of that, I didn't see any in the steam trays.  

I asked the ladies to just put 2 of the best dishes with some rice.  I had chicken curry and something else.  The chicken curry was decent, the other dish was like little beans like lentils.  It was ok.  They did have some fish dishes.  

With the friendliness and the fact that it is super cheap I would say it is worth 3 stars. The food was not impressive, it was okay.
I had lunch here on Saturday and it was very good. I have had filipino food but am far from an expert. Very tasty and extremely well priced. This is a stickly casual place with limited seating but they do a good carry out business and the turn over is very good. I had the goat and chicken entrees with rice. Also potatoes on a skewer coated in brown sugar and several other items including squid. If you are in the area I do recommend you stop in..
Okay, so let's make it clear...this is a fast food restaurant as stated outside and run by Asians....so expecting warm smiling people may be asking too much.  However, $5.99 for a 2 item combo is a pretty good deal.  The pork adobo is flavorful and tender, the BBQ pork is tasty but perhaps even too fatty for me.  I'll be back because there are no other Filipino options near by...they win by default.  They also have a small amount of groceries as well.
I was treated like I asked them to help me hide a body. Literally had 2 people walk away from me while I asked for service; I don't care how good the food is. Extra charge if you use your debit or credit card. I just wanted to bring a combo home to surprise my boyfriend (he's Filipino).Bet if I would have had him with me I would have been treated better, but good grief. Never Again!!!
The food is ridiculously delicious! This is my go-to place for filipino food. I just wish it was bigger and better menu list.
The food was OK.  Price is good.  Service is not great. One of my pet peeves is when you walk in to a restaurant and whoever is working stares at you... like you walked waltzed in to their damn house uninvited.
STAY AWAY!!!

My wife used to love this place but NOT ANY MORE the  customer service is the WORST you will find anywhere.   THE WORST!!!!!!!!

They treat you as if it is a huge inconvenience that you even entered the store. They will glare at you and talk to you is such a rude, condescending manner you will wish you had never stopped in.

If they treat the customers like that, what kind of filth must be mixed into the food?

STAY AWAY FROM THIS VERY POORLY MANAGED, VERY RUDE PLACE!!!!!
If you live near this location, your lucky, if not, drive here! Best tasting, and best quality Filipino Cuisine on the ready! Try their other locations at Maryland Pkwy and Hendertucky and you will not be disappointed! Mabuhay! 

ps. Goat Kaldereta is gonna blow your taste buds!
I stopped by here today to get food to go but after looking at the variety of food I decided to stay and eat multiple plates! I got amazing service everything I got up to try more and promise to return here soon. I highly recommend the goat, it's amazing!
No Improvement.  Very Rude workers.   If the manager is not there, beware.  I would avoid this place until they have consistent, good management that is actually on site.  They let the employees do whatever they want and treat customers badly or however , because there is NO Management on site most of the time.  BEWARE!!!!!
Best food in town.  Very fresh and very tasty.  There is a young lady in the restaurant that seems like she doesn't want to be there. But the older couple is so sweet and reminds me of a auntie that is happy to see you.  THE ADOBO is awesome!
This is a gem of a find and I didn't even find it on yelp!  I was with my daughter picking up my grandson from his new Children's Center so I could see it, with a quick stop at the GoodWill next door in the same strip mall and we were leaving the parking lot to go to the Teriyaki Kitchen across the street when I saw this little place occupying the corner location as we were driving by,  I exclaimed "There's another Filipino place!". I had recently discovered Heavenly Bakery in Chandler on Yelp.

Over the next few days I tried researching it online for their hours of operation and info on what they carry and found the name "Why Cook?" associated with this address.  I tried calling the number three different times but got no answer the first time and fax screeching the next two.  Finally I asked my daughter yesterday if she would drive past it and call me with any info in their window.  She did and said they were open and read the phone number on the door which was different than the one I'd found online.  I called and was told they would be open till 7:30 or 8. I headed over as soon as I got ready.

The owners couldn't have been nicer, the aromas were delectable.  There were about six tables and the counter where you order.  There is a buffet selection with about
8 items to choose from at $4.50 for one including rice and $5.50 for two.  I was huuuungry and asked how much for three.  $1 more.  I chose some fried fish, a bowl of sinigang, and a vegetable mixture. Everything was served to me right away and it was all delicious.  The sinigang, one of my favorites since I first tasted it from the Lumpia House in Chandler back in 2007, was some of the best I'd ever had.  The fish was very crunchy and good.  I just picked it up with my fingers and chewed it off the bones.  There was about every kind of vegetable known to man in the veggie dish, green beans, okra, squash, carrots,  and several I couldn't identify.  When I went to pay I decided to splurge and get an order of Pancit, another favorite, to go for later or the next day. 

It was closing time but the food was still coming out of the kitchen for late customers and it, too, smelled good.  Must. Come. Back.

Parking is no problem.  There is a huge lot.  And as of this writing, 11/16/12, their hours are 8am to 8pm seven days a week.  I asked and was told they had just opened up about a month ago.  They offer many more items besides the buffet choices including Lumpia, Pancit, and silog, which I understand is a breakfast type plate including fried rice with your choice of meat (beef, pork, chicken, fish) and a couple of sunny side up eggs, available all day.  Sounds good!
Manila Sunrise Gourmet serves up unpretentious dishes, filled with rich and hearty flavors.  We ventured in here eager to try out this restaurant for lunch, and left full and satisfied.  The owners here were warm and friendly, and at the "buffet" area there were about 8 items for people to choose from.  In addition to single dishes, they offer combo meals (2 items for 5.99, $1.50 for each extra item), and if there's something on the menu like lechon kawali (Deep fried pork belly) that you don't see in the buffet, chances are they'll be able to make some for you on the spot.  My friend and I shared a 3 item and 2 item combo. We got a good mix of dishes, such as fried fish, dinuguan (stewed pork), lechon kawali, chicken curry, and stewed jackfruit in coconut milk.  Each dish had very good, rich flavor, and came with a hefty side of rice.  Out of all the dishes, I was most impressed with the dinuguan.  It's basically a stewed pork dish made with pork blood and spices.  This is my first time trying this dish, and despite the sanguine origins, it was really tasty.  I couldn't taste any particular "blood" flavor per se (Due to the spices and other ingredients to enhance the sauce), and the pork in the sauce was nice and tender.  

There are 2 fridges with various drinks, like bottled water, Coke products, and some more Asian drinks such as calamansi juice and coconut juice.  As for ambiance, it's basically a little hole-in-the-wall, mom-and-pop restaurant.  

Due to the reasonable prices, very friendly service, and homemade dishes made with expertise and care, this is definitely a place I'd like to go to again!
Longanisa with vinegar dip, fried rice and egg is the bomb!
I love their pinakbet (veggies sauteed in garlic and salted shrimp paste) and their pork BBQ (the meat is marinated in soy and garlic, skewered, then grilled). Sinigang (meat and veggies simmered in savory sour broth) and dinuguan (a sanguine pork stew) are normally not my first choices when offered a variety of Filipino dishes, but in this restaurant their preparations of those dishes have made them among my favorites. If cholesterol is not a concern of yours and you want a dynamite taste treat, get their crispy dinuguan - it's dinuguan mixed with lechon kawali (deep fried pork belly); totally awesome! A lot of us yelpers have been wishing that we could give ratings in half-star increments; if this were the case I would have given Manila Sunrise Gourmet 4 and 1/2 stars, as the very basic no-frills setting would not normally be characteristic of a 5-star etablishment. Since full stars are our only option, I'm going to round my rating UP to 5 stars because the food is so good and the prices so easy on the wallet!
Authentic Filipino food!  Very flavorful and they have some of the best suman and flan I have ever had in my life!!
I accidentally found this little gem when I "Yelped" Filipino restaurants in the area.  I had recently visited "Hey Joe! Filipino Street Food Truck" & was craving more. To my surprise Manila Sunrise had just opened and in my area.  I went there with a Filipina friend and we both agreed the food reminded us of home! The sinigang was yummy as was the pancit palabok. On another visit, I had the diniguan which was easily 4 stars. I liked their food so much that I had them cater a New Years Day party for my American (aka- "white") in-laws....all 30+ of them! Needless to say they LOVED the food! Even the diniguan which I initially got for myself & my 2 sons...the Shanghai lumpia was crisp and not greasy as were the lumpia "prito" (veggie & meat egg rolls). I hear they have "kari kari" as a special on Saturdays....Yummm. This is now my new favorite "gotta-go-to" place.
I hate to give a 1 star but I had to. I'm Filipino and was really looking forward to trying this place out and was even rooting for their success but all they left me with is a bad 1st impression and an empty belly. I got there at 5:00 and they closed that day at 7:00, I tried ordering 3 different things and they were out of everything. Then the lady tried pawning off their BBQ for chicken adobo like as if I didn't know the difference. I guess they wanted me to pick from the 3 selections they had under the hot lamp that looked as if it had been there since noon. Ended up driving 30 min to Glendale and went to "halo-halo" which was pretty good! I will not be returning to manilla sunrise and will make the extra trip farther to halo halo. Consider yourself warned and you can't believe everything you read in the new times.
Good little place for lunch.  Went there with three friends after seeing their sign on the sidewalk.  Most of the food was excellent.  The pork belly was good - some sort of BBQ riblet thing was even better.  The heatlamp food mentioned by another reviewer though was subpar and I'd stay away from it except for the riblet deals which seem to only get tastier under there.  Topped lunch off w/some halo halo for desert that was just fantastic.  If you've never tried it - it's a sort of ice cream plus condensed milk and ice and other goodness.  Wonderful stuff, looking forward to going back....just need to translate the menu first.
bleh.. Ordered longanesa.. eggs.. rice. My friend got the beef.. eggs.. rice. All the food was lacking. Forgettable. Eggs were over done. Longanesa from LeeLee probably.. Beef was dry. This place was boo boo-
3 of us all ordered different items on the menu.  They were all terrible.  I think the only way this place is able to stay in business is that it is a front for something not quite legal in this state......
Had sausage and eggplant here. Amazing food and great service
Awesome excellent Filipino restaurant, something i've been looking for, for a long time now. Doesn't look like much, but you can get your food cooked to order, which is nice!!!
They have really good Filipino food.

Like most Filipino restaurants, it's all about the food.  Don't expect any scenery.

I come here for a desert called "halo halo".  Order one, mix it up, and enjoy it on a hot summer day.
First place I tried for filipino food and fell in love. This place was quaint, staff was friendly and food was good. What else could you ask for? I got the longsilog and it was AWESOME. Just like back home, made me miss my mama :( lol.

You walk up to the counter tell em what you want, and there's your food. No waiting. You pay after you eat and are very satisfied. And they didn't charge me for an extra helping of rice, thank you very much. They take cash and card, tucked away though so you might miss it but totally worth it :)
It felt just like home. This is what Filipino tradition/culture is. Everyone treats you like you're a family. I called them Aunt (tita) or Uncle (tito) even though we're not related but as a sign of respect for the elders. Food is always great! This is my second time and my favorite is the Tapsilog, it comes with garlic fried rice, 2 sunny side up eggs, a slice of tomato and cucumber and then I dip it with spiced vinegar. Yummm!
Oh my gosh, best Filipino Food in Arizona I've had so far! I've tried a number of Filipino restaurants from Mesa to Glendale and Manila Sunrise was hands down THE BEST. No offense Arizona but this is the first Filipino restaurant that was as good as California. First of all the service was amazing! I felt like the staff was my Tita's (auntie) house and she was taking care of us like we were her relatives. I didn't catch her name but she was so cute in her chef's hat and she was super sassy, I love it. The food, oh my god, the food was amazing. I have been craving Filipino food for a while now, so I decided to go all out for this particular lunch. I ordered us the crispy pata, which is a traditional dish that is basically the best ever invented. If you like lechon, which is the roasted pig, this is the way to go. It was cooked to perfection with the crispiest skin and most tender meat. This was the husband first time eating crispy pata and it had him (and me) tearing it apart for every last bit of meat. Since that took about 20 minutes to cook (so worth it) we decided to share a combo plate while we waited. We got the fish sinigang and kare kare- I must say both were extremely delicious, but I'd say the kare kare stood out over the sinigang. Sinigang is a tamarind based soup, so it's sour (in the best way) and kare kare is a special stew with a peanut based sauce that is to die for with some rice and bagaon (shrimp paste). Randomly, I ran into my brother and some of his friends here, so I expect to see some familiar Filipino faces everytime I come back. I can't wait! I love Manila Sunrise! Makes me feel like I'm home.
It's okay but kinda pricey for a combo meal.  $30 for 4 no drinks.  Quality is mediocre and it's a Sunday lunch.
The place is dirty,the first thing I recognize was the flies, I order tapsilog and waited for 25-30 minutes for my food, while waiting for long I decided to order some TURON but the Turon is cold and hard and I recall about the flies it might touch my food when my food came the "tapa" meat is so tough and a lot of fats than the meat , the fried rice is oily the fried egg is slightly over cooked, I will never come back here again! Hope I didn't got sick after I eat here !
Depressing to only give ONE STAR, but it was terrible. I've been reading pretty good reviews about this place, so I took my parents for a quick bite to eat while running errands. 

Manilla Sunrise Gourmet is tucked away in a shopping plaza in West Mesa. It's a small, but cute establishment. When we walked in it was a little crowded, so we were thinking the food must be good. After reviewing the menu we noticed they didn't have to much to choose from. The food under the hot lamp looked a little "old." We ordered 4 different things; Picadillo (Giniling), BBQ Pork, Ribs and Shanghai Lumpia. All left us disappointed and still hungry!! =( The Giniling was oily and the ground beef tasted raw. As for the BBQ and Ribs, it seemed as if they just came straight from the grocery store freezer, no real flavor at all. Also the ribs seemed to have a coating of oil on them. I figured the Lumpia would be better. Who can really mess up lumpia, even if it was store bought?!! Well they managed to mess it up anyway and burned it. As for the rice, it was soggy. To top it off we happened to get some of the "morning" rice and new rice mixed together... Blahhhhh!! 

I heard they have great dessert, Halo Halo and Turon but after my experience with the food we decided to just skip it. It seems there are NO GOOD FILIPINO places on this side of town!! I will continue to make the long journey to the west side to eat at Halo Halo!! (35th Ave and Dunlap) They are by far the best in AZ!! 

As we were leaving we noticed all those people taking up the table and chairs, were either family or workers. Go figure!! LoL
I have eaten hear before and it was ok but I won't be coming back. Today in the paper under Restaurant Inspections they received 7 critical violations!! I wouldn't  be surprised if we end up seeing them on TV's Dirty Diner. UGH!!
This place is pretty hit or miss. The past couple of months they have been good.  I went on monday 05/05/2014 and sadly the guy was looking for every piece of Chicken Adobo with bones... not one piece was all meat.  I got 3 huge bones and hardly any meat. I wouldnt complain but I actually watched him touch each piece to make sure it had a bone... sadly I will have to stop coming here as a result.  The food has been better than usual but just cuz im not Pinoy doesnt mean i shouldnt get chicken instead of bones...
The service and people were very nice. The restaurant didn't have AC so I was sweating as I was eating but some guy came in and I'm assuming they are fixing the AC. 
The food, however was by far the WORST filipino food I've ever eaten. My boyfriend and I just came back from it and he (is filipino himself) said everything tasted like it was old and it didn't taste fresh whatsoever. He ordered the chicken tocino and I got the tap si log plate and in both dishes, the meats had a faint sour smell to it. Boyfriend said it could be the vinegar they put in but either way, I didn't like it. It was very unpleasant, I couldn't finish my food.
The pancit was pretty good  but that's the only dish that tasted decent. I LOVE halo halo, so to wash down the terrible food, we ordered 1 halo halo. I was hoping the halo halo would be good but when we ordered it, I did not see any taro ice cream on top. I;m assuming that everyone makes halo halo differently. When I tried the halo halo, it was TERRIBLE. It tasted so watered down and not sweet whatsoever. 
I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.
This place was awesome.  It is the only Filipino restaurant in Madison.  It serves food buffet style all day- we went for dinner and it cost us $8.99 per person.  Drinks are ordered separately- they have a cooler of can soda, juices, etc. to choose from.  The owner informed us they are also pursuing liquor license so they will have a bar soon.  It cost us $21.65 for two dinner buffets plus a bottle of Pepsi and can of diet Sprite.  The food array is pretty impressive- of course they had lumpia (long and skinny meat eggroll type thing).  There were a lot of meat and fish options.  My favorite was the fried pork fat- it's like they fried pork fat to glaze it then stewed it just a little bit.  So yummy but definitely not healthy.  I also had marrow straight from the bone and some coconut chicken stew.  THey also stewed brisket.  There weren't any food labels so you just have to experiment.  I don't mind that because I think each dish was unique and very flavorful.  There were also dessert options- flan, homemade cookies, and sticky rice and taro things wrapped in bamboo!  Sure beats the little frozen cake things most Chinese buffets serve.  

The best part- they have karaoke.  I don't know the details like if they charge or not but they have it.  The owner says they get lots of Filipino families on the weekends.  The owner/chef herself is Filipino and also owns the local Filipino grocery store.  She was really nice and came out to chat with us.  She offered us some additional foods like tamarind fish and pork buns.  We were so stuffed by then but we were happy to try a sour fish soup she brought out.  All the food tasted fresh despite the buffet setup.  

The ambiance is definitely diner style- no fancy linens and dim lighting to get in the way. The restaurant is straightforward and basically serves up delicious, home-cooked style soul food.  I am excited to try Mabuhay again!

facebook.com/MabuhayPhilippineCuisine
Not a place you can judge by its location or ambience - you just have to eat the food! Delicious and unique - not getting these dishes anywhere else in Madison. When we moved on to dessert, the chef brought us out 2 piping hot leaves filled with sticky, sweet rice (wish I knew the names of these dishes...) The host was very friendly and answered all questions we had. We look forward to returning for more!
I had their sinigang ng pata and the kare-kare (bagoong provided!), and both were out of this world. The owner/host was wonderful and friendly, very welcoming. I plan on coming back this weekend to try out the weekly lechon! So glad this place opened up, and extra happy since the food is so phenomenal.
Well, it's the only Filipino place in Madison, and it's better than any that will come in, so it gets five stars!

Went for lunch with one of my friends--we were warmly greeted by the owner, who was super nice. There were at least a dozen Filipino dishes, ranging from egg rolls (lumpia) to sweet and sour salmon to a FANTASTIC barbecue skewered pork.

Filipino food at its finest. And the desserts?! Purple yam and mango ice cream, sticky rice in some kind of leaf I can't describe.

Ugh. It. was. fantastic. And all of this for only $8?!

Wake up, Madison. You all need to go there. Now.
Philippine restaurants are hard to come by even in larger cities. My husband is Filipino and we've tried a few places while traveling, but I never thought we'd see one come to Madison. And I certainly never expected it to be this good. But it is. Zero atmosphere, but the food more than makes up for it. Everything we sampled from the buffet was outstanding, and as a previous reviewer mentioned the BBQ pork skewers are to die for. We'll definitely be back.

It should be noted: it's not even remotely vegetarian friendly. I think the only things on the buffet without some sort of animal flesh were the steamed rice and the desserts.

But, all you carnivores - please eat here, I want this place to stick around a while. :)
I read the good reviews on here and decided to check this place out for lunch yesterday. I had a great experience. It wasn't very crowded when I went in there, so I was able to talk to the owner. What a nice woman! She talked me through some of the dishes, and told me what to try with what sauce, etc. Very friendly and helpful. She's definitely the kind of person who you want to see succeed. Food was great! The barbecued skewers and salmon dish were especially exceptional. Great texture and flavor on both of them. Also, there was a very good dessert selection. I never knew how much I liked sweet sticky rice until yesterday. I think I ate 4 of them. To top it all off, I finished 3 buffet plates, and lunch came out to only $7.99!

My only complaint with this place is that the dishes weren't labeled. Some of the dishes look very foreign, especially to the average American, and I'm not sure that I would have tried them if the owner hadn't told me what they were. I'm a fairly adventurous eater, but I could see this being a problem with more timid eaters. This place could also use a little more decor and atmosphere, but that doesn't matter to me. Good food trumps decor every time. Talking to the owner, she already had plenty of ideas for how to improve the look and feel of the restaurant. This place is still very new, and I expect the atmosphere will continue to improve as it becomes more established.

Minor complaints aside, this place is awesome. I'll be making plenty of return trips.
Went here for Sunday lunch, and WOW. This place deserves the five-star status it currently holds for several reasons:

- Excellent food. I am no expert in Philippine cuisine, but I love meat, and this place has boatloads of it in a variety of styles: roasted pork, sausages, stewed beef with veggies, fried chicken (super crispy and well seasoned). The only negative was that the fish had been sitting out too long and was dry. 
-Unique flavors. This was my first time eating Philippine food, and I was surprised by the interplay of sour and sweet in some of the dishes. Lots of okra too. And pork fat. Lots of it. YUM. 
-Amazing dessert table! I have never had purple yam, and I tried three different desserts with it (a cake, a rice cake wrapped in what I think was a corn husk, and ice cream), the rice cake being my absolute favorite. It had that chewy, gluten-y sweetness that I've longed for since leaving Korea, and the bright purple color was a plus for sure. 
-CHEAP! My boyfriend and I each got a Pepsi, and the total was $22! They don't even give you the option of tipping on the credit card receipt, so they really don't expect it, but we left $5 because we liked the service a lot (one of the cooks brought out the ice cream to make sure we could try some before we left).
The food is delicious.   I don't know what Philippine food is supposed to taste like, but everything I tried tasted great.  This place is not serving the same tired food you see again and again in all those pan-Asian buffets you may have tried.  The shrimp in one of the dishes was delightfully lemony.  I'll be sure to stop by again next time I'm in Madison.     The restaurant is modestly appointed.
For the Saturday lunch buffet, there was a pleasant energy when we walked in, top 40 music playing and families enjoying a meal on a sunny day. 

For the meats, you have whole roasted pig, aka lechon. Shrimp two ways, breaded and fried or with steamed veggies. Two kinds of whole fried fish. Any place that serves fried fish with the heads still on deserves your respect. 

Side dishes include stews that you would eat alone or atop rice, with ingredients like coconut milk, okra, red peppers, chicken; tomato paste, chicken, pork, green peas, and raisins. All were delicious. 

I always look forward to dessert and there are desserts galore, including puto (steamed sponge cake), kutsinta (sticky cake), tupig (sticky rice with coconut cream, wrapped in banana leaves), ube (purple potato) flavored icecream, chocolate covered pretzels, and...jello! It's not a buffet unless there's jello. 

Do not expect the menu to coddle you. The food is made with love, and there will be shrimp, pigs, and fish with their heads still on. There will be lots of meats and starches, so prepare to leave stuffed!
The proper English translation of Mabuhay is "Welcome" but at the restaurant, it also could mean "Give your best guess to what you are eating"

This small restaurant tucked away in a strip mall is simple in it's setup.  A long steamer table filled with an assortment of rice dishes, soups, and entrees.  Another table houses desserts of various forms...ice creams, mangoes, sticky rice, and a Filipino favorite-cheesecake (Alright, I don't know that for sure but who doesn't like cheesecake!?).  Beverages are self-serve out of the cooler in the back of the room.

My friend and I came for dinner on a cold blustery Thursday night.  This was our first foray into Filipino food and overall, I was satisfied.  Nothing truly stood out and without any reference to what the dish was or what was in it, we were left guessing at  what we were eating.  

I appreciate the fact that everything is homemade and cooked by the owner and therefore I gave it an extra star in my rating. I worry that if it doesn't tackle the basics, the restaurant will only be a novelty for those people looking to try a new food but not willing to come back as repeat customers.
Delicious food with some very unique flavors.  I particularly liked the salmon (surprising how good this was on a buffet line), a stew/cacciatore-like item, fried-rice, and an eggplant dish.  Everything seemed to go well together although there was one very bitter vegetable that I could not finish.  I found out later that a very popular item was not on the buffet the day I went, so I'll be sure to call ahead next time.  Also, there were no appetizers out when I went and I was anxious to try the BBQ pork skewers.

A nice variety of dessert choices on the buffet too, all that we sampled were very good.

A couple things others have mentioned that I echo, it would be nice if there was some information about what the buffet items were named and a general description and nothing to offer atmosphere-wise (though everything was clean!)

Looking forward to my next visit.
Pros: 
-cheap (lunch $8, dinner $9, drinks additional)
-lots of meat 
-decent # of desserts. 
-white noodles are good and beef soup is good 
-curry dish was excellent 
-service is great; our waitress asked if we would come back again at the end. 

Cons:
-decoration is a little lacking.. lack of ambiance. 
-location: wish it was a little close to the campus area 

overall it was nice to see a new philipino restaurant in Madison.
Meat, meat, and more meat!  (I would have actually been happy with a few more vegetable options in the lunch buffet).  Food was good, owner was nice and enthusiastic and came by with some extra goodies from the kitchen.  Will have to go back on Friday or Saturday evening for the whole pig meal!  Hope they are successful - last time I was here it was a Mexican bakery!  

I don't like Yelp reviews that seem to equate "lots of food for your $" with "great", but you definitely get plenty of options (i.e. meat, fish) for a heck of a price.

Totally casual environment, not a lot of "ambience", but I'd go back.
David F. and I agreed that having dinner at Mabuhay was like going home after a long absence, where our moms/grandmas make all of our favorite dishes and keep refilling our plates even after we are way beyond full. Except in this case, we were doing the refilling ourselves...

Although served buffet-style, the food has a definite home-cooked feel.  I've never had filipino food before, but if I were a betting woman, I'd say that this is about as authentic as you can get! The food looks a little stale sitting out in the open the way they have it - and honestly I'm surprised that they are able to keep the insects out - but you can definitely tell that the food is prepared with a lot of care. For the selection of dishes that was available during the dinner hours, the $8.99 price tag was quite reasonable.

Now on to my favorite part of the meal: the steamed pork buns. Mabuhay's steamed pork buns are hands-down the best I've ever had. Better than those at any dim sum restaurant I've been to, both in the states and abroad. If it wasn't for all of the refined carbohydrates, I would probably have the buns for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!

Finally, the owner of the restaurant is a super sweet filipino lady! As we were wrapping up our meal, she stopped by with a takeout tin full of suman (sweet sticky rice steamed in banana leaves) for us to take home and told us to grab some more on the way out. Seriously, how sweet is she? We probably looked like broke college students..

TIP: Bring cash to tip. There is no place to tip on the receipt if you are paying by card, but they definitely deserve it! :)
It is all you can eat because you can't any of it.  Cold food and no labels on items.  Several people took one look and left.  They were the smart people.
I mainly wanted to comment on the hygiene here.  The waitress wiped off our table lackadaisically missing a nice gooey spot, then plopped down a thin napkin into the wet surface as a germ barrier.  I eyed her hands warily as she handled our silverware close to the receiving end.  I had a cold, so I was more aware of sharing germs in public.  To my surprise, one of the buffet steam tables did not have a sneeze guard.  One light cough from me and the whole place would share my respiratory cold.  Some of the pots had plastic ladles (bad) and there was no steam coming out of the steam table (I think that's bad).  
     Given that I had a cold, I did not want to rate the flavors. If you do not like pork, definitely give the lunch buffet a miss.   I do have to scold the chef for leaving bones in the chicken dish.  I doubt it was intentional and certainly not habitual,  but it I had to spit out two spoonfuls into my napkin before I gave up disgusted. The fish soup was good and would probably be better w/o a cold.
      Just a note to the owners if you should read this, if you remedy the hygiene issues, I will gladly pull this review.
It was difficult to decide between a four and five star review. They excel with their food and fail at the basics. 

The coffee is instant and awful. The tea was instant and apparently some sort of tropical tea blend. It was worse than the coffee. All their other beverages are housed in glass convenient store coolers. The waitress was very nice but easily distracted. 

However, their food is terrific. It's a small buffet of about eight items. None of the food suffered the usual buffet pratfalls (old, chewy, burnt, or plain forgotten). The real treat is that all the dishes are homemade. The food reminded me of food I would eat at a person's home. 

The food is spiced but not spicy and because of that the dishes have a deep intriguing flavor that spice- babies could enjoy. 

There is a subtly and beautifully spiced white cream sauce that comes with wonderfully large and freshly cut sweet potatoes and  green beans.

The curry is excellent. It has the classic neon yellow glow of good curry sauce. It has large chunks of potatoes, carrots, okra, and beef. The beef is nicely tender.

Another dish was filled with various beans, vegetables, and chicken on the bone cooked to oblivion. It's all housed in a succulent deep red sauce of chicken fat and paprika. It was a little like gumbo and a little like authentic goulash. It was masterful. 

The fried chicken is very good although it does seem out of place. 

The salmon was a single fillet nicely cooked and lightly seasoned. It flaked apart perfectly.

They have other dishes as well. Personally, I am suffering from food amnesia. 

The food is fantastic. The atmosphere is lacking. The lay out is tight. The drinks are awful. The servers are mediocre. But, I reiterate, the food is fantastic.
I went at lunch time on a weekday and couldn't have had a better experience. I dread going to new restaurants because I don't eat gluten or dairy, but when I asked what buffet items were gluten- and dairy-free, one of the cooks came out and told me what to avoid--and it was only about 4 dishes out of 15 or 20! Not only that, but the food was all hot and DELICIOUS. I'd never had Philippine cuisine before, but I will *absolutely* be going back.

As for service, there was one server covering the entire restaurant, but it's a small place, and it was a buffet, so she had no trouble keeping up with everyone. She checked in on our table several times throughout the meal and always kept our water glasses full--an important plus in my book.

The price was great. Only $7.99 for the lunch buffet (and $8.99 for dinner). I can't remember the last time I ate so much amazing food for such a small cost.

I didn't have time to investigate the little market area in the back, but it looked like they had imported snacks and treats to take home.
After seeing the amazing reviews, I was expecting to love this place.  At noon on a weekend, the food on the buffet was barely warm, making the food not very appetizing.  Maybe it was just a bad day for this restaurant, but I would not return.  The service was very friendly.
The other reviews on here somewhat swayed us into trying this place out, we found and bough a groupon too; 
Once we got here, the buffet was very small, about 8+ items, the fish pieces were horribly dry and full of tiny bones, more like fish jerky with fish heads attached, most other dishes appear very dry, several hours old, only two other parties were at the restaurant on a Saturday night around 7 pm ....
This was a bust and will never repeat...
Most items did not taste well enough to eat
As one of the few Asians in Madison (let's be honest here, there aren't too many), I can definitely vouch for this place's authenticity (and let's be honest again, you wouldn't know even if I was lying or not).

Anyways, Philippine cuisine is definitely something that takes a little getting used to. Because it's influenced by so many different cultures (Malay, Chinese, Spanish, Latin, etc...), you will find a variety of foods cooked in a variety of ways. 

They like to pair flavors up, especially something sweet with something salty or sour. There are a lot of meat-based dishes, with chicken, beef and fish as the main staples. They also like to cook with bananas, mangoes, coconuts and eggplants, so expect dishes including one of those. When it comes to display, they are definitely not subtle about it. Entire fish heads will be left out, along with various cow parts, so get ready for it. 

I could go into each individual dish we sampled, but that would take way too much work. I'd highly recommend giving this place a chance, but do come with an open mind (and taste buds).   

This was definitely a unique experience for me, and I highly enjoyed my meal. The flavors aren't completely in line with what I prefer, but I'm glad I gave this place a chance.

Plus, a buffet for ~$8 is a complete steal!
I feel a bit generous giving the three stars, but I'm giving an extra star for the novelty factor.  Having never tried Philippine food, I felt the trip was worth it just for the experience.

We were there on a Friday night for dinner, and the buffet appeared to be well-stocked and inviting.  The space was small, but there were plenty of open tables.  There was a TV playing what might have been a Philippine TV station or movie.  The place was also stocked with dry goods and personal hygiene items, like a little convenience store.

The buffet was haphazardly labeled, so some dishes were quite the mystery to me.  There was an assortment of flavors - from salty to sour to slightly sweet.  The food was a bit greasy for my taste.  There was a good amount of meat, including skewered chicken that was a hit at my table.  The whole fish pieces had a jerky-like texture.  There were a couple of thin soups, a vegetable curry, rice noodle with vegetables, fried rice, and white rice.

I did delight in a purple yam dessert - cut into flat little rectangles like a cookie bar.  This tasted fresh and wholesome, and just a bit sweet.  There were about 2-3 other desserts that I had never experienced before - including white rice wrapped in banana leaf and a gelatinous coconut-flavored bar.  The dessert bar also had some fruits, flan, and peanut butter cookies.

For me, I think once was enough for this particular restaurant.
I always make this a place to stop by when in Madison. The food is typically what you would find in any Filipino home, truly a "home cooked" restaurant. The price is very reasonable, so the choices may not be numerous. Not everyone appreciates fried fish but this would be the place to try it out. The adobo was good, the pinakbet and sinigang flavorful. The décor was sparse. During a recent visit, there was no wait staff to clean the tables right away.
I've been here twice. I really want to love it, but I just can't. There are a lot of other ethnic restaurants doing great work with their food, especially here in Madison, but I just don't see this place doing the same thing.

The service and location is just not good. No one greeted us at the door, we sat ourselves down, and we just started eating. The placement of the buffet was a little awkward, but not as awkward as figuring out what the food was. I'm Filipino, so I could recognize most of everything, but my friend had a real hard time. The biggest thing that caught me off guard is that it just seems lazy or sloppy. And how attractive is that for a restaurant?

I could mostly forgive this stuff if the food was great (see Melly Mel's). But the rice was off, and the dishes were overcooking in the steam trays. That left maybe three items overall that were edible. I was able to eat some of the veggies and the sinigang (a sour soup) with the rice, but none of it was very balanced.

Ugh. This review is making me sad. I have to review something good next.
I tried this place tonight.  The buffet had several tasty options.  I enjoyed everything I tried.  This is a family run place.   I thought it was very welcoming.  I can see why folks have complained about the service in other reviews.  I found the service to be low-key, but still accommodating.  You just make yourself at home.  To me, it felt like I'd been invited over to a family dinner.  

There is a wide selection of beverages.  The price is very reasonable, especially for the kids.  And I found it very kid-friendly (assuming your children are accustomed to ethnic foods).
Not a very good selection. Had to wait for food to come out. Lots of fried options. Wanted to like it. Just didn't sit well. Sounds like timing at this place is crucial.
The buffet bar was filled with many of my favorite childhood dishes. 
For non-Filipinos patrons, I would appreciate labels and short descriptions of the dishes as I had to describe these to my SO. I can only imagine the amount of guessing involved if I wasn't available. 
Otherwise, there's a good selection of dishes and desserts.
I was really disappointed in the quality of food and service at Mabuhay. The style of the buffet just seemed really cheap and off-putting. All the food was left out with no lid and EVERYTHING I tasted was extremely dry as if it had been sitting there for hours, untouched. Also, most of the condiment bottles were empty, so I had to eat my dry lumpia with no sauce, making it really bland. The man who took our drink orders and was supposed to greet and seat us (the chef's husband I think) wasn't really the best at customer service. He seemed a bit rude when we tried to make small talk with him. The entire time my family was dining, the restaurant's phone kept ringing and it was REALLY shrill, yet nobody would pick it up! And it's not like the restaurant was busy... there were only two tables occupied. The phone ringing really bothered me and made it even more impossible for me to enjoy my meal. The only nice thing about my dining experience at Mabuhay was that they gave us a serving of purple yam ice cream once we were done eating, which was quite tasty. I'm not sure if the ice cream was made in house, but it tasted way better than any of the other food I had.

I'm surprised at the number of positive reviews on here, so maybe I just visited on a bad day when the food had been left out for too long and got really dry. Regardless, I will probably not be returning. Next time I'm craving lumpia and pancit, I'd be better off making it myself at home.
Sunday brunch yesterday - enjoyed having Filipino longanisa and eggs - along with delicious fried tilapia and many other dishes.  The selections were freshly made and tasted great.  Everything was labeled - but if you don't know what something is or what something is made of, just ask -  the staff is friendly!  The server (owner's son) was polite and efficient in keeping the tables cleaned.  

After we finished eating and just before we left, the owner and head chef (Cita) was just finishing fresh pork siopao (steamed buns) and insisted we each take one home.  So glad she did because they were DELICIOUS!

Nice selection of freshly made Filipino deserts, as well.  Nice part of this buffet, as many Filipino buffets I have been don't include deserts.

We left full and satisfied!  Adult prices: Weekday $7.99 lunch/$8.99 dinner.  Weekend is $8.99 all day.   Seniors (55+) and children prices are also available.
Delicious Filipino cuisine. Authentic as it gets... Made me reminisce of being back in the PI!!!!
I bought a Groupon to go try Mabuhay Philippine Cuisine, and The Wife and I finally went to use it for dinner this past Saturday. We had heard good-ish reviews for Mabuhay, and were excited to try a new style of food. Unfortunately, the whole experience, from start to finish, ended up being terrible, which led us to give the restaurant the nickname of "Mabu-bye." We actually walked out of the restaurant before we had even taken a single bite of food, but, lest you think I'm being unfair in this review, please read the whole thing.

The restaurant is located in a small strip mall along S Park Street, which wasn't a big deal to us because some of our favorite restaurants have been located in strip malls. Our first warning of things to come should have been that there was only one other car parked in the lot at 6:00 pm on a Saturday evening, but we walked in anyway. Upon entering the restaurant, we discovered that there was no one at the cash register, and no indication of whether to seat ourselves or wait for someone to seat us. We saw one waiter running around getting drinks for the 3 tables that were eating, but he never once looked at us. After standing awkwardly in the entrance for a few minutes, we decided to just sit down at a table, at which point a woman who had been sitting and eating at one of the other tables got up and said, "Yes, wherever you want." Well, that would've been helpful a few minutes ago!

So, we sat down at a table, and the waiter came over another few minutes later to ask if we wanted drinks. Both The Wife and I ordered water, which he brought out, but  it was lukewarm (no ice at all) and the glasses were barely 3/4 full. He then walked away without saying a word about ordering food.

Now, going in, we knew that the food would be served buffet style, but the waiter did not say whether we could just go up to the buffet or whether he would bring us plates to use first. So, I got up and went to look at the buffet. I discovered a stack of maybe 6 plates that I thought were clean (though I'm still not sure they were), some silverware, and one bowl. I also glanced at the buffet items, and thought, "Oh, god, what have we gotten into?" The Wife came up to join me at the buffet, and while she was looking over the options, I started to serve myself some rice. I dug the rice scoop into the rice cooker only to discover that the rice was so overcooked that it was too hard to push the scoop into. So, I changed my mind about the rice and went to look more closely at the other food options.

None of the dishes were labeled, so it was a complete guessing game as to what food you might be serving yourself. The stuff that looked like chicken skewers were just sitting in a metal tray perched precariously on the edge of the buffet station, but they looked old and dry. One of the pasta dishes looked so slimy that it literally made me gag, and the other noodle dish looked old and crunchy, which is not how I ever want to eat noodles. The remainder of the dishes looked funky, old (like they had been sitting out for a while), and, again, we had absolutely no idea what any of them actually were.

Given how terrible EVERYTHING looked and how bad our initial service experience had been, we set our plates back on the table, left $1 to tip for the water, and walked out. I wish I hadn't wasted money on the Groupon to this place, but that sunk cost was minimal compared with our desire to just say, "Mabu-bye" to this disgusting restaurant.
Businesses can not explain or defend themselves also. If you knew how hard these people work to bring you the best Filipino food in this area. How they struggle to get quality help. And how they do everything from the prep to the cooking. Making the deserts. Even washing the dishes. Maybe just maybe they are a family owned and trying. I asked and they are willing to explain this. The wife is the only cook. She is very good at what she does. And when there is no server she has to stop cooking. Then the food gets delayed. She explained that the money is so tight that they can't afford to pay for help. I feel for these types of hardworking people. Not just here but all the small individual independent restaurants. I enjoyed the conversation and the food was very good. I even received a scoop of filipino purple ice cream. Ube it was called. She said they do this sometimes just to be friendly. Support small businesses Not hurt them. 1100 restaurants in Wisconsin closed last year. Keep hurting them. And guess what? You will be eating chain restaurant food. Not unique foods like this.
Skip this place!! Came because of Groupon, but will never go back. Food was subpar. Walked in and nobody seemed to care that we were there. The majority of the dishes were not even labeled. Don't waste your time.
As an American born Filipino with a large, loud immigrant family, this place feels like home in a lot of ways, especially the most important way- the food.

Buffet style, great classic Filipino dishes like bangus (smoked vinegar whitefish), puncit (noodles), adobo, lumpia, and sinigang (sour broth beef and veggie soup- I put mine over rice). 

Don't expect fancy table settings or service- this is a down home place- come for the food and the Pinay aunties' gossip-chatter.
It's really nice to have an authentic Filipino restaurant out here in the Phoenix suburbs! My mother is from the Philippines and I have grown up around authentic Filipino food (and can make some of it myself), so I can tell you that this place is straight-up The Real Deal.

When I first heard from the owners of Pinoy's Best that there would be a Filipino restaurant in Surprise, I knew to keep my eye out for when it would become a reality. Now it's here and it's very delicious. Or, in Tagalog, "masarap-sarap!"

My mother and I visited for lunch and were immediately impressed by the rather extensive menu. Some items aren't available every day, but it's still a really impressive selection. We ordered adobo pusit, pork menudo, and pancit canton. My mom hadn't eaten Adobo Pusit in quite a while - squid in vinegar and soy marinade - and she was really excited to taste it. It didn't disappoint.

The pork menudo was also delicious. They even included liver in the dish, which to me screams authentic; I always feel like there's a fight over the liver pieces between my Filipino uncles once the pickings get a little slim. The carrots and potatoes were perfectly cooked and the sauce was rich and satisfying.

Although the pancit was good, it was a little salty for my taste. If anything, my only (small!) complaint is that the food was rather salty - but if you've ever eaten authentic Filipino food, you'll know that a lot of the food is very salty and sometimes there's just no getting around that. While nothing beats my Auntie Rose's amazing pancit, I still liked the pancit here.

As we finished our meal, we decided to take home a little bit of food for dinner. We ordered lechon kawali. We discovered when we got home that the portion wasn't very big and that they forgot to include rice, so that was a tad disappointing - but nothing that would keep us from ordering it again.

We also took home a little bit of puto (now, don't get this confused with Spanish - in Filipino, puto is a muffin-shaped steamed bread made with rice flower). There was a little bit of cheese on top of it. It was a perfect treat!

Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at Pinoy's Bistro. The service was very good and the atmosphere just right for a lunch spot. The prices were fair and the portions were generally very good (especially the pancit). 

One cool thing about paying at Pinoy's: they use Square to accept payments. Square is reaching a higher adoption rate every day, from what I can tell, after taking off with tech-savvy cafes and restaurants mostly in large metro areas. When you use cards that are tied to your account in Square, you can get a receipt e-mailed or texted to you, plus at Pinoy's they keep track of your visits and you get a stamp on your virtual loyalty card for every visit! We have yet to see what the loyalty card reward is, but I'm sure we'll find out soon as we plan on going back before too long.

Like I said, we'll be back. I'm very excited for our next visit!
I am a fan of this place.  I hope it can survive in Surprise.  It is tucked away in the corner and will need some serious advertising and a good customer base to keep it going.  

I enjoyed dinner here and plan on visiting again in the future. Check it out when you can.
Rather disappointed, ordered the kare-kare, although the meat was tender,vegetables were soggy.  The lechon kawali was pretty good, came with the gravy dip and rice. Perhaps will give them another chance due to the A/C not working on one of the hottest day of the year 122 deg,
So happy this opened up in Surprise! Everyone's very friendly and the food is great. I recommend the lechon kawali (spell?). It's delicious. I do agree that more advertising is needed. Maybe a sign on Bell Road will help? We will definitely come back!
Pretty disappointed! Visually the restaurant looked nice. The food on the other hand was a different story. The Dinuguan that I ordered barely had "meat" on it! Was mostly pieces of Fat/Lard and it was not served warm/hot. Would not go back there again!!
I am Filipino and can say the food is good!  I am not a fan of the main dish served in a small bowl.  My lunch was a bit expensive considering the portion of food.  I would place the meat On the actual plate and give your customers better portion of the main dishes.  Not used to paying so much for Filipino food and the portions be so small.  Might come back only if I really had to.  Sorry.
I was very disappointed.

The menu was quite limited, and many of the items were unappetizing to an American palate. .I had expected some American food as was promoted in a review of the restaurant by AzCentral: 

http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/20130530filipino-restaurant-pinoys-bistro-surprise.html

Where are the burgers, curry, sandwiches, etc?  I had to choose from soup with blood in it, hog knuckles, and pig snout. I felt as though this was a menu of selections from an extremely rural and poverty stricken part of the Philippines. I don't want to sound ignorant, but when I was served the Chicken Tinola, with a single bony piece of chicken in a small cup of broth, and a pile of stark white rice, I was shocked. My husband, a fan of soul food, ordered pig knuckles and had to gnaw on a nearly meatless bone for his dinner. I sent back my meal and filled up on diet soda and the delicious putos. But we actually left hungrier than when we arrived and grabbed a Little Caeser's pizza because after spending $28 on a non-dinner (including tip because it wasn't the waitress' fault), our budget for dinner was deflated. 

Don't get me wrong, I LOVE a variety of Asian foods and I enjoy trying new things. But this experience strained that.

I would advise people to go there only for dessert. The Boba was very nice and the desserts looked delicious.
It was good the best one looked good to me on the menu was chicken curry.  My sister in law had the pork adobo said the sauce was good. Next time I would try chicken adobo or beef adobo  next time.
We wanted to like this place.  I'm filipino and I know what authentic yummy filipino food taste like.  The food was ok, got palabok and biko. The price for it was ridiculous.  The biko was good, but for $4 something for a square portion... um no thanks..  For that reason. I doubt we will be back.
OK. I am in the restaurant business as I always say. Pinoy's Bisto is the worst restaurant I have dined at in at least 25 years. It will NOT make it 1 year. That is a guarantee. I totally get authentic Asian food.. I lived in San Francisco for 8 years and experienced Authentic Asian cuisine regularly. Everything from design, set up service and food is just wrong. Mark my words This is just BAD. It is doomed...I am NEVER wrong about this when I predict a failed restaurant....Never !!!!
On a scale of 1-10, how excited was I to stumble upon this place on accident here in Arizona?!  15!!  And while I wish I could fully support a Filipino restaurant in Arizona, I just can't with this one....and for a HUGE reason.

We went here thinking it was Mike's Deli.  But apparently, it is gone and this went in in its place.  A family-owned Filipino restaurant.  I was in heaven and we went in instead of leaving to find another deli.  

I ordered their pork lumpia (12 pieces) and their traditional pancit Bihon (I think this was the 2nd word)...two things I grew up absolutely loving when I lived in Mira Mesa (San Diego) surrounded by a ton of my Filiipino friends.  My best friend's mom made the BEST pancit and lumpia and it has been years and years since I have had any. I used to eat it at least once a week. Mmmmmmmmm. 

The lumpia was just okay.  The meat wasn't ground up with the veggies, but rather more of a stick of pork wrapped.  Meh.  Reminded me of eating fake crab at a sushi restaurant.  Their sweet chili sauce was perfect though!  

Okay, so then, they brought out what I was really really waiting for...my pancit!  When she set it down in front of me, I could already tell I was too excited for absolutely no reason.  There was no color to the noodles.  They looked like they had been taken straight out of the boiling water and placed on my plate.  Rice noodles are supposed to be practically see-through, but these were just as white as they were when they were taken out of the package. There were 2 slices of lemon, chopped carrots, some cabbage...and are you ready for this?  The pieces of chicken looked like they had only been boiled as well as the pieces of shrimp (I've never had traditional pancit with shrimp...so it's a good thing I am not allergic).  No type of seasoning/sauce or anything!  Soooo not traditional to me!  I know there are different regions or versions, but this is certainly not what I am accustomed to eating at my filipino Ate's or Tiya's houses.  I unwillingly squeezed my lemon over it and took a bite.

OMG!  It took everything I had not to spit it out and get up to leave.  It lacked so much flavor it's not even funny.  Well, there was no flavor.  I felt like I was eating lemon flavored noodles.  The chicken was an afterthought and I couldn't even taste it.  

How could they?!  I am so upset and annoyed by this.  I am so glad I have had true traditional pansit because if this had been my first taste I would have sworn off the deliciousness of Filipino food for life.  

My friend had their chicken adobo and she thought it was just okay.  The chicken was very dry.

I'm sorry to the family who owns this place, but you can't continue serving your customers with such lackluster flavorless food.  No one will want to come here.
I had a great experience at Pinoy's. I found the food delicious with an authentic flare. My waitress was absolutely lovely and aware that it was my first time at the restaurant she offered me the opportunity to taste test a few of the entre options. I went for the 2 entree for $5.99 option and had plenty of food to show for the price. I hope it lasts in Surprise!!
Just got done eating and getting gas and noticed this hidden gem. Had the puto, it was delicious. Definitely going back when I have an appetite. So far I can vouch for the bakes goods here.
I returned three weeks ago with my son to buy two bobas. This was my second visit. Like the first visit, it appears that the owner/cook sits at a table all the time. That makes me uncomfortable. It took a full 15 minutes for the boba to come out. We left before we tried it . The boba had not been cooked completely. They were tough and stuck in our teeth. The cups are small and we simply drank the liquid before throwing the rest away.
Being away from Momma's cooking has made me homesick and crave the greasy deliciousness of Filipino food. Unfortunately, Pinoy Bistro didn't rise to the occasion.

I walked in yesteday evening to order some food to go. There was no one at the front and it took a few minutes before someone came over to me. The waitress was nice but you can tell she was new. She didn't know much about the menu. When I asked her how many sticks come with their pork bbq entree, she had to go back to the cook and ask. Odd. I placed an order of lechon kawali and pork bbq. I ran to Sprouts in the meantime, but when I came back almost a half hour later the food still wasn't done.

After another 10 minutes, I got my food and went on my merry way. The meal was mediocre at best. The lechon kawali wasn't what I expected. It was 6 pieces of fried pork and a cup of rice. $8 for 6 pieces? It wasn't work it. The pork bbq was good but only two sticks is not worth the $7.

Overall, I might go back just because it's the closest Filipino restaurant to me. But I wouldn't expect much more than average.
My friend recommended this restaurant on the first day I visited Vegas. I finally gave in and had dinner here before I go to the airport. I had the roasted lechon and chicken papaya. This is the only restaurant in Vegas that prepares lechon the roasted way! Skin was still crispy,  and the meat was so flavorful I didn't have to use the Mang Tomas lechon sauce!  Great job on the lechon! 5 stars!
This is the first Filipino restaurant I've ever been to but have tried many other types of Asian foods.  I've had Filipino food before but when I was a kid so my review is solely based on a "generalization" I have about Asian food and not comparing it to other Filipino restaurants.

I thought the food was really good.  We had the pork lumpia, pork adobo, chicken skewers, and the pancit (rice noodles).  I still prefer the Chinese style way of making rice noodles but the pancit came a close second, maybe a close third.  Point is, I'd try it again.

The service was decent.  The dining area is kind of small ... there are several long tables but I don't know how they fit people during peak hours.  It seems like strangers would have to share tables, which I am not adverse to but it just seems strange for Surprise, AZ.

I don't think I'd drive all the way out here to come to the restaurant for a meal but if I was in the area, I'd definitely come back again.  Now I'm going to have to make a deliberate effort when I travel to try Filipino restaurants so I can compare more accurately!
I'm from the Bay Area (San Francisco) and I'm in AZ for my dad's tennis tournament. We were looking for some sinagang and boba and found this on yelp. Friendly service, good food, and airconditioning. Five out of five hands down.
Filipino food is one of the best cuisines that I have ever ate. I came here with a group of friends to celebrate his dentistry practical exam in phoenix area. The food is homemade and tastes delicious. They have a variety different Filipino cuisine and the price is very affordable. Excellent food!
First let me say my mother in law is Filipino and I always compare her awesomeness food to other homemade Filipino food!! I wanted to love this place and wanted it to be my go to when I didn't want to cook myself. With that said it's not my go to place and I will try others around town. Pork Lumpia no flavor and rolled to tight ( I can hear my mom law now) Bihon chicken and pork Had a weird taste maybe to much fish sauce I  added soy but would have liked a maggi seasoning to pop the flavor Pancit with shrimp and chicken ok Flavors again off! Pork Lechon was good but Husband remembered when a time in his life Pork Skin was yummy but as a Grown up not so much. Took home a sweet bread and had it with coffee added some honey and cinnamon Delish!! 

We had a Pinoy server who didn't know the menu . The servers were nice and refilled drinks . We sat next to restroom and I smelled urine odor throughout my lunch.  Not my style of Filipino food cooking will be moving on....
Great food with a simple menu that has some distinct variations to certain dishes. Newly installed karaoke is great when you order take out. The pancit is a must for people who have not eaten it before. Great and humble atmosphere.
We came here thinking it was a sandwich type bistro but went for it anyways.  The food was absolutely amazing.  We got the lumpia and it was the best egg roll type thing I've ever had.  I got the bbq skewers and my god the flavor was to die for. Our waitress was fanatic in helping us pick something we liked as we had never eaten this type of food before. We come here regularly now.  So dang good.  I highly recommend this place.
after the longest wait ever max's is finally open! when we got there we weren't sure if they were open or not (no signs or banners only a very small open sign on the front door) so we decided to just check it out! lo and behold they just opened! the staff was super friendly and the chicken is as always superb! unfortunately (and according to our very friendly server Buddy) they are only open for dinner for now...meaning from 5:30  pm to about 10:00 pm... aside from the chicken the rest of the food we ordered (pork sisig, lumpia sariwa, kare kare, and pansit guisado) needs a wee bit more seasoning but all in all it was a very nice meal and i can only imagine that since this looks to be only a soft opening of the place, it can onlu get better! will definitely come back again soon!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Finally, what almost every Pinoys have been waiting for is now open for business. Also, yes WAITING is the deal you'll have to go thru, but it's alright as long as the food is good. RIGHT?! Well, unfortunately the food DID NOT satisfy my taste buds. First let me tell you why I rated this place 3 stars, then the food we ordered and reasons why I didn't like it. 
The 3 stars are pretty much for the great service, cleanliness and classy atmosphere. The hostess was very friendly and also pretty! (1 star for that) Servers were quite attentive and very nice whenever I was asking them questions. (2 stars for that) The third star was for a very elegant and clean look of the restaurant. 
Now, let's get down to business, the food. We ordered Max's chicken party, calamares, chicken sisig, and nilagang baka. Alright, I'll give you guys a run down for each entree. The calamares was the first food that came out after 30 minutes of WAITING, was it worth it? Nah, the batter or breading was heavy and boy it was SALLTTY! It came with sides of atchara (pickled papaya) and vinegar with garlic which helped to tame the saltiness. Second  entree the "Max's fried chicken" I don't know how Zankou in Cali cooks their chicken but it's incomparable. I saw someone I know that had just finished eating and he told me that KFC tasted better. I was like seriously? I had their chicken before in Glendale it's pretty good. He was right! Again, not enough seasoning and just plain salty although not as salty as the calamares but I just tasted salt. I was wondering is this what their signature fried chicken? Then just forget about it. Now the chicken sisig, I made sure I do a TIP on yelp because it was just...I really hate to say it when I talk about food, but it's gross. Not appetizing at all. Like what I tipped it's too much onions and the mayo was weird. My sister in law was like is that macaroni salad. The nilagang baka was my last hope in this entire eating experience here, but behold my freaking nilagang baka taste way better. It had a slight metal or iron taste and  don't forget the salt. Yeah, it was also a tad salty. Taste like salt water with a very hint of metal or iron. I don't know maybe I was expecting the food to be way better than those Filipino fast foods, but I can say that it's about the same. We'll prolly come back next year when everything has settle down and not so busy anymore. Yes! I am hoping for a change food wise.
Yes, Max's of Manila has finally opened its doors.  After what seemed like an eternity and after much anticipation especially amongst the local Yelp community, Max's Las Vegas location is having a soft opening, with hours being 5:00pm to 9:00pm.  Mel C. and I stopped by for dinner on a whim and arrived around 6:30pm on a Saturday. The place was full with groups of people waiting to be seated and we were told it would be a 40 minute wait.  Already famished, but willing to be patient after waiting for so long for the place to open, we got lucky and were actually seated within 15 minutes.  However, we didn't get waited on for a while.  A waitress came by and checked on us; Mel says it's because she saw his Yelp app open, but who knows?  ;)  Although the fried chicken is what their specialty is here, I opted for the small order of kare-kare, my favorite Filipino dish.  The waitress started speaking to us in Tagalog and we answered in English until she got the gist that the b/f and I are "Amerikano" Filipinos, i.e. we don't speak Tagalog (although I can understand more than you think).  After a rough start, we got our food in a decent amount of time and our actual waiter, Noel, was attentive the rest of the meal.  The kare-kare beef and oxtail were good, except that the dish wasn't very hot, more lukewarm.  The eggplant was rather tough, so I didn't eat it after two bites.  Overall, there was quite a bit for a small order and I ended up taking half home. Mel got the famous fried chicken and it was just like I remember it: crispy skin like our relatives make at home, definitely not KFC like someone else described it.  
We didn't have room for halo-halo, but I do look forward to trying their version.  This place was busy the entire time and the line was longer for a table when we left.  It seems we weren't the only ones waiting for Max's to open and, by the looks of it, they are a big hit already.  We'll be back--salamat!
Finally!! This has been a bookmark for quite some time months before their opening.  In fact, Yelp Las Vegas even has a Talk Thread about Max's Restaurant (http://www.yelp.com/topic/north-las-vegas-halo-halo-and-maxs).  What's all the hype...it's suppose to be Filipino food at its finest.  I've had their popular crispy chicken before.  And what I can remember, it was crunchy, greasy, and yet, it was still tasty.  Fast forward to now, the chicken is still greasy, still crunchy, and still tasty.  

My Thoughts:
-The Restaurant:  I know it's a new Restaurant and is suppose to be clean.  Guess what? It was was.  I was actually impressed with the size, decor, spaciousness, and cleanliness.  I don't remember a Max's being this clean.  Max's of Manila in Las Vegas is a change

-Ambiance:  Comfortable, for me at least.  I would say it was 99.2% Filipino.  Make that 99.9% after Terri R and I arrived. It's their soft opening, so busy they were.  The mood was fast paced once you finally get your food.  As soon as you leave, they fill your vacant tables.  Lines, lines, and more lines.  Customer were coming from all over.  You even notice this from the parking lot with all the NV plates, CA plates, and rental cars. The wait for us was suppose to be 40 minutes, but we ended up being seated just 15 minutes later.  NOTE:  This can still seem like an eternity if you're hungry like a madman. 

-Service:  Not at their finest.  Once seated, we waited patiently, then impatiently for a long 15 minutes.  Keep in mind, this is just to get our orders taken and your drinks filled.  Max's is Filipino and their service is definitely on "Filipino Time".  

-The Food (Max's Budget):  Like I stated earlier, their chicken hasn't changed over the years.  I ended up with their Max's Budget, which consisted of a leg quarter of Max's full chicken, 3 baby pieces of Shanghai Lumpia, a cup of white rice, and Caramel Bar.  The chicken had a lot of meat and was tasty.  The chicken was also greasy.  I use to be a fan of this type of chicken.  Not anymore.  But I can't complain about it because this is how they set for their fried chicken to taste like.  My mom's fried chicken is even made this way.  Geez, my family parties even have chicken made this way.  In other words...comfort "Food for You".  (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=k0PIF3xHTbBa16EtRCe3yg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)

-The Food (Max's Teaser):  I also ordered the Max's Teaser, which is their Calamari, Fries, and Shanghai Lumpia.  I don't eat fried foods much anymore and only got this to taste test.  I was disappointed with this order because it was skimped to the Max (pun intended). I felt disgusted after killing the whole plate.  Yes, I had to deMELish this but it didn't take much because I didn't get much.  I don't want to sound "kuripot" and I get it...it's called Max's Teaser for a reason.  They just teased me and ganked me with baby portions. (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=qm-sSyuKcJ-aYusyMZqMnQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)

-Price:  I'm mixed here because Terri's Kare Kare looked hooked up, my main meal's portion was average, and the Teaser was lacking everything.  But if you need to know, dinner for two with an appetizer only cost $33.  I guess that's not bad at all.

Overall, it would take a little more for me to give this place 5 stars because they are not "As good as it gets".  It's also tough for me to give them less then 4 stars because Max's Las Vegas is how I remember them and exactly what they aim to be...that's comfort Filipino food and served at a "Filipino Time" pace.  I'm sure I will be back because my out-of-town friends and family are fans. I'm sure they'll want to come here when they visit. 


PS:  I thought the artwork on their paper place mats were a little interesting. These are just some of the things you notice when you're waiting to be served. 



YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (465/500)
I've been anxiously waiting for Max's to open since when they said they were going to open back in August. My family and I went here at 6pm and there was a bunch of Filipinos waiting outside...oh no! We were told there was a 40-minute wait so my sister asked how long it would take for a to-go order: 30 minutes. We stood outside and 10 minutes later, our table was ready. Everyone's lolo/lola, tito/tita, ate/kuya and barkada/kaibigan were here. 

My parents would take us to Max's back in Manila when I was little. I liked their chicken a lot that my mom copied their recipe and she got it right. You can't come here and not get chicken and dip it in Jufran banana ketchup.  

We got Max's Budget, Max's Fiesta Plate, calamansi juice, a bangus and halo-halo.

Max's Budget:
Fried chicken leg, rice/fries, lumpiang Shanghai (egg rolls with meat) and a caramel bar. I've said this before and I'll say it again...I don't eat rice. But if I do, I always get garlic rice. The chicken was on the salty side and that's not how Max's does their chicken. My lumpia was burnt and super oily. I like the caramel bar. 3/5 

Max's Fiesta Plate: 
My sister and bro-in-law both got fried chicken leg, garlic rice, lumpiang ubod (fresh lumpia with heart of palm) and caramel bar. The lumpia wrapper was a bit thick but the filling was delicious. 4/5

Daing na Bangus:
Pronounced "dah-eeng na bang-oos" not "bang us"...mmkay? Or just ask for the fried milkfish. Milkfish marinated in vinegar and garlic then fried. Dip in vinegar and eat with garlic rice. Yum! 5/5

Halo-halo:
Shaved ice with kaong, nata de coco, ube, flan, beans, coconut shreds topped with ube ice cream sprinkled with pinipig. The ice to topping ratio was great. Most places will you lots of ice and less toppings. Max's has more toppings than ice and their ice is finer than the ones I've had here in Vegas. The pinipig was great and most places in Vegas  skip it and I don't know why. Sarap!!! 5/5  

There are still kinks to be worked on and I understand since it's only their soft opening. Wet plates from the washer. Our food came an hour after placing our order. The chicken was a bit saltier than other Max's I've been to. My halo-halo went to the wrong table. There's still room for improvement and I'll come back after a few months.

Filipino 101:
Where is da C.R.? = where is the bathroom?
Sarap = delicious
5Star ratings for a 5Star service from our server Lloyd!  The food is absolutely flavorful & delicious!  It's officially the best Filipino Restaurant in town, hands down!!!
Perfect location! The ambience was nice specially if you're missing the Phils. I like the concept of their bar which I think is something unique compared to other Filipino restaurants in Vegas. The servers were cool and I admired their patience cuz if you noticed some "pinoys" are "mareklamo" which Im not really proud of. Anyway, the Max's platter has everything you need to try if it's your first time. I suggest you come early to reserve cuz it's usually pack and pretty slow. Enjoy! :)
Finally Max's restaurant is here! We've been waiting for it for a while and now that they're open we have to check it out!

Just so you know, Max's is some kind of a "fine dining" restaurant, so expect to wait for a while or a couple of minutes for your order. Me and my husband ordered their famous: 

*Whole chicken (w/ coleslaw and fries)
Surprisingly good and taste like Max's in the Philippines. Love the fries, didn't even try to taste the coleslaw Not a single bite of it, coz it looks so dry. 

*Kare-Kare, taste like kare-kare but it lacks of vegetables. But the most disappointing part was, it has lumps! We asked the manager/supervisor how did they cook their kare-kare he said it's pre made then, they froze it then, heat it whenever there's an order. That explains the Lumps! Lol

*Lumpiang ubod, is nothing without the peanut sauce! It is so plain! Lack of ingredients and doesn't contain the real taste of lumpiang ubod. 
 
We just got disappointed with the food and the price. I don't know if we're still coming back.
I've read the reviews of people complaining already...The restaurant JUST opened so, of course there's going to be lines...sheesh.  GET A GRIP PEOPLE...THIS RESTAURANT IS NEW IN LAS VEGAS...

SO ANYWAY ONTO MY GREAT COMMENT ABOUT MAX'S AND THE AWESOME SERVICE THAT I HAD.  =D

I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT!!!  I've NEVER had Filipino food before.  Now, I'm hooked and in love!  I have no complaints at all.  The service was FAST, food was great.  I will visit this restaurant again and again.

WHAT I ORDERED:  Ok, so they had a "teaser opening"  that I was invited to.  (YAY!)  I had Max's famous chicken, fries, and coleslaw.  OMGGG.  It was juicy, and very tasty.  The fries were nice and hot!! =D and the coleslaw was good.  The server, Noel, had me try the banana ketchup with hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce which (let me tell you) was GOOOOODDDD as a dipping sauce OR just with the chicken's natural flavors.  I can't think of the name of the dessert I tried!!!! AGHHHHH forgive me guys.  I can just describe it...it was in a glass, it had purple ice cream (which was coconut) crushed ice and small candy pieces!?  Next time I visit, I will have my phone charged, and take pictures of the menu.  --Maddi
Was really excited to eat at Max's after a very long time but the wait, the service and the food was not worth it all. Wait time was over an hour, and there were empty tables that needed to be cleaned. The crew lacked teamwork. Mishaps were being discussed by the cashier and the waitress (who was pretending to be busy by wiping down the menus) which could have been discussed later with a superior maybe as an after-action report. Some of the crew were really busy but some were walking around in a daze. We ordered our drinks and our food together but it took a long time for the drinks to come and when they did, they missed a few people's orders in our table of 8. FInally, after what seemed like a long wait, our food came, not at the same time. So because we were starving, whoever got their food first already started eating.  When our food came, it was mediocre. I ordered the crab fried rice  and there were egg shells in it. The sizzling sisig was drowning in oil. The rest of the food was okay, nothing worth mentioning. The only good thing that stood out was the nilaga, which was really tasty.
A lot of not available anymore for the night and service has no finesse. Waiter is hyper and rushed. Sinigang came in lukewarm, we have to send chicken sisig back as it is also cold. It is only 8PM and a lot of things are not available, The Buco Pandan serving is not as generous as the one in Glendale and West Covina..This is suppose to be their training center so I  expected some good service. Needs a lot of improvement.
So I can't help but agree with the previous post on all the complainers.  The wait is ridiculous BUT THEY JUST OPENED, it does come with the hype and territory people!  
      I give 5 stars for the food.  The chicken was worth the anticipation and what I remembered from my trip to P.I two years ago.  That and it definitely satisfied my pregnant cravings!!!  I ordered the Fiesta plater and sisig.   The chicken was juicy and tender in the inside, and had a nice seasoned crunch on the outside.  The fresh lumpia was a nice contrast to the pallet.  The Sisig on the other hand was a bit disappointing to me because it had ears,  I guess I got too excited, and didn't fully read the description...lesson learned!  We did not get out caramel bars...but I guess that was the reason our waiter subbed out for ice cream.
       Service from our waiter great.  I didn't expect to much again because we were sat at 8:30...close to closing and the place was still packed.  However Jerry was awesome and attentive in any way he could.   He even made a sauce for us at our table to eat with our chicken!  
          So why 4 stars?  To my understanding they have been open for "Soft Opening" since last week, between the hours 4-9.   In my opinion that's one long soft opening!  At this point they should consider opening normal business hours to help decrease wait time in the evening.  It was 1h+ wait time when we arrived.  They were taking "To Go" orders also, maybe during "Soft Opening" stage this isn't the smartest move; again they are only open for 4 hours ATM.  The kitchen got to the point were they were at a halt and orders were stopped for a bit so they could catch up.  So maybe until they are fully opened, To Go orders should wait.  

     Anyways I am looking forward to coming back.  Overall experience was worth it...a few hick ups but a lot of great potential.
Will not eat at this overrated place. Even the manager has no good customer service. Yes the place was busy but that doesn't excuse that other tables that sat after us got their food first and on top of that they were missing two of our entrees. The waiter didn't even look like he was checking up on our order it was the other waiter who was trying to help.
As for the food it's just a plain fried chicken anybody can cook it. The sisig was a pile of greasy pork pieces. It's so bad that I rather eat at jollibees.
40 minute wait for 8 pp. 45 minute for food. Ordered 2 sisig, 2 chix, 2 sinigang na baboy, baka, kare kare, 2 appetizer platter. Three bowls of rice. 2 soup came but no plates and rice. 7 plates arrives but I never was given one. By the time all the food was served the two sinigang is cold. But it's ok, the dirty tables around us keeped my eye site entertained. Guys we are in Vegas . Clean tables and bussing and filling the drinking glass with beverage is important. Class 101. Can't blame the servers, lack of Managment. Food was tasteless . The sisig was to salty. Chix was  precooked and pre heated or fried. It was dry from the inside crispy outside. Don't take my word but the three chef from Caesars entertainment that are with me agreed. And also I ordered some chix to go for my wife. Came home and the chix was frozen inside but crispy and hot outside. I remembered eating in downtown LA every Sunday at Max. It was home cooked food. Here the kare kare is made out of instant mix. The other fino restaurant use real peanut butter. The appetizer lumpia, I think was bought from seafood market and just served it to us. Nothing to brag, but our local Filipino restaurant here at Vegas are much better. Eating at Max is bad first impression. 

A little advice, restaurant 101, soft opening, you over staff not under staff. First impression is the "wow" factor not holy shit most of the tables are full of dirty dishes. We call this in the food and beverage department, first in first out. Servers coming in brings food or drinks, when they go out they bring back dirty dishes. Sorry ... Didn't realize Max restaurant lowered there standard. Oh last thing. 96% of all customers goes to the bathroom. Should be clean, I promise I'm not lying.
Overrated.. Overpriced.. UNDERwhelmed.

3 words to describe my dining experience at Max's tonight.

Came here for dinner with my mom and a couple of her coworkers. We came just as they opened for dinner (5pm as stated on the sign at the door).  However there were so many people seated and eating already when we got there..!  So much for a 5pm dinner time.

Anyways, on to the food. We ordered pansit bihon, lechon kawali, pork sisig, nilagang baka, and the famous whole chicken.

I was so unimpressed with everything we ordered..! I felt there was a definite lack of taste and flavor to all the dishes we ordered. As for their famous chicken.. mehhh.. I'll take jollibee fried chicken any day!  I was most disappointed with the nilagang baka.  We went to Max's restaurant in San Francisco a couple weeks back and it was one of the best nilagang baka I ever had, but sadly this location could not replicate that same great tasting soup :(

The prices to me seem a bit steep as well for food that's not all that great. The only positive thing I have to say about tonight's dining experience was the service.. Our server was friendly and attentive. The space of the restaurant is not half bad either. 

Will I come back..? Maybe once the "opening" hoopla dies down, and they get the food right. But I don't forsee it happening in the near future.
How ridiculous, soft opening? Looked at website after I got there, it says they open at 4pm and sign on door says they open at 5pm. They need to figure this out, maybe I'll think about coming back. But with the reviews so far, doesn't seem like anyone should bother to waste time and money.
The restaurant ambience is very good and clean. Love the food but the sago gulaman is sweet. Pork Sisig needs some crunchiness to it .
So this place just opened,. Its a brand new establishment with super major hype and people are expecting everything to be completely perfect.. LOL!! 


 We arrived about 5:30 and was told the wait was 40 minutes and to give them our number so they could text us when a table was open. 47 Minutes later we got a text and were seated promptly. About 6 Minutes later a guy appearing to be the manager was taking our order.. We ordered the appetizer of calamari but it was sold out, Understandable, as max's calamari is known to be very good. So we just went ahead and ordered 1 Mickey Bihon,1 Whole Chicken 1 Regular Crispy Pata and a large garlic rice. All the food was very delicious and served very hot. Our drinks were refilled promptly as well, Overall pretty good for not even being fully open.. 

Give them a break guys... Im sure things will get better after the staff has a chance to get used to everything and the hype dies down. All of the max's i have been to in the Philippines have really good food and very bad service LOL,.. So Calm down you 1 star people.. Go make a review of McDonalds..
Hope they will improve on the long line. Food is ok not so authentic on the taste buds.... But the employees are nice especially our server.
Be prepared for a long wait time. I realize they opened about a week ago but you would think business would be running smoothly by now.
Food was excellent but had to wait for about 30 minutes for table. Food was placed on table and we had to wait another 5 minutes for plates to actually eat. Other than that the food was great and I recommend for the authentic Filipino food.
I've been waiting for Vegas to open a Max's Chicken! I was so excited to know that Vegas was finally opening one.

We arrived before the restaurant opened and there were people already waiting. We were seated as soon as it opened. After 30 minutes, the place was starting to get full. 

The food was so-so. It was good, but not great. I love kare kare, but the one they served lacked taste. Maybe I was expecting too much? Idk. On the other hand, their chicken was amaaaaazing!

The service was great tho! Our waiter, Lloyd, was very welcoming and was always ready to serve us. 

I recommend people to come in early IF they want to be seated and served right away or else you will be waiting for a LONG time.
I went to Max's  for my friend's birthday and I was really disappointed.  I could understand the the flaws with the food since they just opened. While waiting for the food (which took a while), I was observing the manager that has Nico on his name tag. First, I saw him smiling and giggling while talking to some female waiters but then a few mins later I saw him talking to a male waiter and it seemed that he was scolding him. Telling someone about their mistake is one thing but yelling and being rude like that manager Nico towards the male waiters was unacceptable.  I really feel bad for the waiters to the point that I wanted to confront that manager but I figured I should just put it here on yelp so people would know and if the upper management of Max's is reading this, please do something about it. I have been to this Max location four times and its obvious that they lack coordination and good management.

Food was okay but not that impressive. 

One more thing, the table beside us found a fly on their food but apparently it does not matter because they were still billed for their orders. They just replaced the food and moved on as if it's not a big deal finding a fly on your food. The name of their waiter was Kurt.

And please don't let employees with open cuts to serve or even get near the food because it's a healthy hazard.

 Oh and I saw Nico touching the female waiter's back..wonder if that's part of the job.

If they want positive feedback from people then changes have to be made and start with employees and the food.
3.5 stars, but I'll round it up to 4 because they don't deserve an average of 2 and a half stars. I came with 2 others making us a party of 3 on a Friday night. Like everyone said in their reviews the wait is about 45 minutes, which is true. Although the other patrons start complaining about other parties getting called before them and the hosts nicely explain it's based on availability of tables and not the order you come in. C'on people give them a break they just opened, do you expect them to have everything perfect within the first few weeks?! The management team running this place probably have more restaurant experience than you anyway. Jackie was our server and she was pretty good for the most part. We didn't wait too long for our food because I think she had rushed the kitchen since we had asked how much longer it would be before our food was served. We order the chicken sisig, pancit canton and a whole chicken. Shoulda just ordered the chicken like everyone said. Although I did enjoy the pancit canton because they used a different type of noodle. On the other hand, the sisig was just a mess, what's up with the mayo?! It didn't have the vinegar in it like the traditional way. I read in another review it is like flop of mayo called sisig, which is true so I don't recommend ordering this. We had to wait a good 20 minutes to pay because supposedly the credit card machine was acting up, but Jackie was very apologetic about this. I must say her service did make our experience overall better. Lastly, the interior is pretty nice, beautiful for Filipino standards. Next time I need my chicken fix, I'll just order it for take out.
The restaurant was nice; hosts, waiters, and bartender were super friendly and service was great.  Unfortunately, the specialty (chicken) was a disappointment.  I am hoping they'd take pointers from their branch in Daly City as they serve super delicious fried chicken.
I understand that they just opened and the wait is long but if customers are willing to try them out and wait to be seated and served ... I think from then on at least the customer service should be pleasant and the food delicious and they would receive repeat customers. But my family and I did not experience any of these. The portions were small and way overpriced. To be perfectly honest I find the whole fried chicken that is made to order at Pinoy Pinay Restaurant more delicious, crispy and very flavorful. In fact my family and I enjoy Pinoy Pinay 's food better without the inflated price.
I've dined at Max's in Glendale, Ca a few times. I was ecstatic to hear of an opening in Las Vegas. I had my mind set on eating Max's Beef Caldereta (dish served at Max's in Glendale, Ca) with Garlic Rice.  Unfortunately, its not served at this location. This location is just serving the basics.

I had the Chicken Sigsig, a Whole Chicken, Garlic Rice and the Halo-Halo. 

The Chicken Sigsig lacked flavor. It tasted like mayo mixed with day old chicken and slices of jalapeno. For a better tasting Sigsig , I recommend dining at Cafe Moda.

The Whole Chicken was moist and tender. I enjoyed crunching on the crispy chicken skin. Though, I still don't know what the hype is over the chicken's flavor. My guess it lacked in this chicken.

The Garlic Rice was good. 

Lastly, I ordered the Halo-Halo. Delicious! The best in all Las Vegas.

The wait staff were polite and friendly.

By the way, don't ask for water. Its tap unfiltered hard water. Ask for bottled water.

In conclusion, the food is bland and lacks authentic flavor and the menu items are over priced. I wouldn't come back for the entrees until Max's Beef Caldereta is put on the menu to try.  For now I'll continue to dine at Max's in Glendale, CA. However, I will come back for the Halo-Halo.

My recommendation for this Max's is to lower the prices (especially when the food is not that good and you are just starting out) and serve authentic food.
Serving portions are small, so you can somewhat say it's overpriced. They didn't have sisig when we went, and it was within the first two weeks of opening. Our food came in at different times which is unacceptable in my opinion. Our server was ok. Based on my observation, it doesn't look like they were trained. They are actually more concerned about cleaning up the tables rather than taking care of the actual customers. Overall, very displeased with the experience.
We sat down and ordered then I checked in and saw how bad the ratings were and started to get worried, but nothing bad happened on this trip. It's a new restaurant and seems to be experiencing the growing pains of learning their stuff while being crazy busy as times with all the buzz of a Max's here.

We got Max's chicken and it was fried the way it's supposed to be, moist with that signature light crisp skin. We got garlic rice to go with it and that was standard, but good and not overly oily. I was just in Philippines a few weeks ago and the chicken was cooked the same way as it was there. 

Pancit palabok. This was decent enough. It was on the saucier side which I actually prefer as some places don't give enough sauce for me.

Our service was good. He was really friendly and kept on our drinks. The turnaround time on the food coming to the table wasn't long either. 

No matter the Max's I go to, I never go during dinner peak times and definitely not on Sundays when Filipinos will flock after church in large groups and this will be a hot spot for Filipino birthday parties. The wait will probably piss you off and while the food is decent, it's not worth waiting a hour to get a seat so don't do that to yourself.  

It's been open only 2-3 weeks so I hope they only get more consistent from here. I'm glad to have a sit down Filipino restaurant though since I rarely eat Filipino food. I hope my visits will be just as positive as this one.
Great place for unique food. Great service! The chicken is amazing! The San Miguel beer is also a good compliment to the chicken. The wait was a little bit longer than expected. But that's expected for a new place.
This was my 2nd visit here after their soft opening, so essentially this was a second chance. 

Pros (very few)

-Courteous staff, very apologetic for their inadequate supply of favorite menu items. i.e. Lechon Kawali, Pork Sisig & Calamansi.

-Clean dining and bar area. Most likely cause they just opened. (We'll see how long that'll last)

Cons

-Servers are not competent of their job description and are forgetful of serving basics. i.e. Always get the drink orders first before taking food orders or any food has come out, not informing patrons of items that are currently unavailable, forgetting to bring the dessert portion of the meal (which is included when ordering one of the combo meals)

-Restaurant was only half full, yet the waiting area in the front was nearly packed and the wait was 10 mins on what appears to be a slow night. 

With that said, this may be a new restaurant in the area, but this is a popular and successful chain in the Philippines and California.  So they have no excuse for any short comings or inexperience with opening up this new location. I WILL NOT BE RETURNING!!! Beware!
Las Vegas definitely needed a Max's restaurant and we finally got one. All of the food was cooked to perfection.  Sinigang, Pancit, Kare-Kare...etc.  I definitely recommend you dine at Max's!
After eating here a couple of hours i got hives and went to Urgent Care twice.  I believe they put too much MSG on their food.  I will never go back here again.
Very limited menu. Food was good and service was great. They are only open for dinner. Everything is also al a carte. The prices are a bit high too. There are other places in town that I will go for Filipino food.
They won't give you sauce for the chicken and everything is pricey.wont recommend to anyone
The food was delicious but the service is very disappointing. My mom and I ordered four dishes and one of them is nilagang baka, after they served what we ordered, the waiter asked us If there's anything else they can help us without realizing we still don't have plates and utensils on the table (kailangan pa bang i-memorize yan?).
 
The nilagang baka is not hot anymore when I scooped it into my bowl so I asked the waiter to reheat it for us, so they did (thank you!). I asked for a new bowl so I can put the  hot soup in there then I waited for so long and it didn't came, so I stood up asked one of the lady (I believe she's the hostess or the cashier, a short Asian lady maybe early 20's) if she can get me a bowl and still I didn't get a bowl so I went to the door of the kitchen so I can have my FUCKING BOWL! and by the time I got my bowl my nilagang baka is cold again. Can someone tell me who's customer will still have the appetite to eat.

No plate
Soup is cold
asked for bowl but it didn't came

DON'T DESERVE TO HAVE A STAR!

I'm warning you people don't ruin your day
My white friends like this place too.

There's a lot of butt-hurt yelpers on here.  Why so harsh people?  So i get it... your mom makes the best pancit.  Your uncle Boy fries the best lechon kawali. But man... Max is pretty legit!

Took a couple co-workers here and everyone had a great time with great food.  Ordered a bunch to share:

Fried chicken-  that crispy skin though!  hook me up with the Jufran (banana ketchup)
Pork Adobo- seasoned well and a crowd favorite 
Lechon kawali- that fried pork belly so good!  Dip it with the vinegar
Kare kare- oxtail stew with veggies ina savory peanut sauce pretty legit, not amazing, but good
lumpia-  eggrolls-kind of bigger than i'm used to (no pun intended) but good appetizer
Pancit- stir fried noodles, standard and good
Flan-  sweet custard, deliciousness just like mom's

Got my filipino food fix here in Vegas.  My mom's pancit is still better than your mom's, but Max'z is a good place to introduce your non-filipino friends to some good filipino food.  Your filipino friends will still enjoy it here too.  OK... pass me the Red Horse
We are all from southern california and we went to las vegas last week to celebrate my wife's birthday.As we were strolling around Flamingo road, we saw this Filipino restaurant, Max's and we decided all to eat hear. We ordered every Filipinos favorites like lechon kawali, sinigang na hipon, fresh lumpia and fried chicken, not to mention a ton of rice,LOL!
WOW....45mins after ordering we havent receive anything yet and we were all starving. The people next to us said that it took an hour for them to receive their order.
We were all getting pissed and decided to cancel it if theyre not going to make it a lil bit faster.I dont know what happened but after 5-10mins, our order came out...ayayaiiii,finally!
They have a good food,yeah, no questions about but their SERVICE SUCKS!SO SLOW, so make sure you go hear an hour before you feel your hunger or else, u might pass out due to empty stomach!
A LOT OF SERVERS but LESS COOKS, THATS why!!!!!
We had my cousins birthday party this afternoon. As a chef myself, they started bringing out all the food all at once, guess what? They were all cold! Sinigang was bland, kare kare was also bland. 

I'm disappointed that the name doesn't hold its reputation at all!  I understand that most of our party was 15 minutes late but still isn't an excuse to serve cold ads, bland entrees. 

Its understandable that it's only a couple of months old but, management should've been prepared for such demand of this kind of chain here in Las Vegas. A town known for its culinary trends. 

Also,  half of the restaurant was half full yet,  the amount of people waiting at the entrance is just ridiculous!  I strongly suggest getting things organized because that is a fire hazard with people clumped up at the door! 

You should also train better bar servers/bartenders. The gentleman who had taken my drink order didn't even know what tap meant when I had asked him, what do u guys have on tap? He straight said. Sir what tap? Tap water? I'm like, WTF to that? He also did not know how to operate the POS system and how much my beverage was? Kudos to the other server who assisted the bartender. 

Overall wise, I will be back. But please remind the kitchen not to be afraid of a little salt and pepper. And if your kitchen staff wants to learn how to use proper seasoning?  Let me know ? thank you.
There is no sense of urgency in the service here.  They greet us and ask how many.  Then they continue to chit chat a while amongst themselves.  Walk in 5:45pm and it feels cozy, they have a fireplace on. It is clean and spacious. Walk by and smell garlic rice yumm!!! 6pm and I'm asking anyone if we have a server?  It has been 15 min since we sat and we don't even have water. 6:03pm and we place our order.  The server apologizes at 6:20pm. I had calamansi juice served with ice, refreshing and sweet. We get our food at 6:30pm. Starved! The lechon Kawali is good and crunchy skin with soft meat.  Tastes great with the Mang Tomas sauce. The garlic rice smells great and has the right dry but soft texture. Pancit palabok was also good.  Thank goodness the food tasted good.  I would give the food 4 stars alone. The tab for two of us came out to $31.24.  If only the service here was as good as the food. I was really unhappy sitting at our table waiting 45min to eat. Not the same experience I had in a Northern California location.
If there's a "zero" or a even a negative five, I would!....Service was really bad. I took my parents to this restaurant, really excited to see how they can match or perhaps surpass the service in Glendale, CA ...BUT! NOT!! Supervisor/manager was unhelpful. Unbelievable! this Manager needs to be Fired!...actually I'm calling the Corporate office regarding our interaction. 
It took them a long time to give me back my credit card. I even had to asked them what happened to it. It took them a good 30 mins to give me back my card!
Late post - this happened earlier last month.

The long awaited opening of Max's is finally here.  Here are my thoughts about this place:

1) WAIT = The long wait was expected because of all the hype. No problem there...the only issue I had was when the host tried to give my spot in line to somebody that he knows.  When I approached him about it, he told me that he doesn't have a table for 4 yet he offered a table for 4 to his friends that just got there.
2) AMBIANCE = the ambiance was good. Definitely a good family place to dine in.  They also have a bar inside which is a plus considering their location. It also set up nicely for private events as there are sliding doors that could separate sections of the restaurant.
3)  SERVICE = The service wasn't as good as expected but given the fact that they just opened 8 nights ago (dinner only), I have to say that they have to do a lot of training specially their bussers. It took 15 mins before we got our drinks while there are at least 3 bussers walking around for plates to be put away instead of making sure that all the customers waiting gets their drinks first.  I finally called one of the staff which seems to be a manager or a supervisor as he wasn't wearing the waiter uniform instead he was wearing a blue shirt with a tie. I had to ask for our water and informed him that we are ready to order. After placing our order, it took another 10 mins and my husband has to asked another server for our drinks. Our waiter Lloyd apologize multiple times about the delay which is nice. He made the rest of our dining experience tolerable.
4) FOOD = We ordered 1 full chicken, regular crispy pata, regular kare kare and bicol express and buko pandan for dessert.  The chicken was ok, I think the one in Glendale was better. The Crispy Pata was amazingly good. It was fried perfectly on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside. The Kare-Kare was also good. The Bicol Express is perfectly seasoned and spiciness hit the spot. The buko pandan was delicious but the winner for tonight's dinner was definitely the Crispy Pata.

Overall, the management should consider training their staff more on quality customer service so they don't end up a failure like Goldilocks. We, Las Vegans are quite particular with the quality of service and food since we are blessed with many upscale restaurants. I would definitely give them another chance and comeback.
Yes! Finally a Max's here in Las Vegas. I love Filipino food, and although this may not be my Lola's cooking, it's pretty darn good. Daing na Bangus is my favorite, along with the Kare Kare. Don't forget the calamansi juice... Yum! Not sure why they some bad reviews, for a brand new restaurant, the service was great, servers were very friendly and attentive, the food was delicious, and the ambiance is awesome! I'll definitely be coming back soon.
Writing this after my third visit to this place.

In short the food is good, the service however is not so good.
My third visit 12/10/13 our server was Ian. But this dude decides to disappear on us after serving our food. 
On the other hand, another server Steven noticed us & made sure to get us refills & desert. So kudos to Steven.
This restaurant has been open a couple of months, and there should be no excuses for unforgettably lousy service.  The servers were friendly, but do they know what customer service really means?

I came with a friend, and we were both born and grew up in the Philippines.  My parents are from Bulacan and my friend is from Pampanga, and we know good food.

The service:  We waited for about 20 minutes after we were seated, and we had to call someone to complain.  We were told someone would be coming, and we waited another 10 minutes.  We had to flag someone down again.  Finally, someone took the order, and we told him we wanted only water to go with the dishes we ordered.  The water did not come.  Another guy came by to ask what we were drinking, and I said water.  The water still did not come.  So we complained again.  I guess they don't like it when they have to serve only water for drinks which means no tips based on zero price.  So the water finally was served.  About 5 minutes later, the food was finally served.  We felt hurried through dinner since the staff was going to prepare for their own Christmas party that night at the restaurant.  One of them kept wanting to take away the plates even though they still had food in them.  Some of the staff came to our table and were apologetic, but do apologies erase a bad taste in your mouth?

The food:  We ordered the fried chicken, lumpiang sariwa, sinigang na baboy, and halo-halo.  My friend liked the chicken, it was just ordinary for me.  The lumpia was okay, not garlicky the way I like it.  The sinigang na baboy was not sour the way sinigang should be, and not plentiful enough for what they charged.  The halo-halo was average and did not have a lot of ingredients.  I felt like I could have done better at one of the Filipino turo-turo food stores in town.

The ambiance:  How come the bar does not have chairs around it so if people want to hang out, they can sit at the bar?  We were catching a cold draft from where we were sitting, so I stood up to check on the windows and see if the empty tables were warmer.  I put my fleece jacket back on after which an assistant manager type went to the thermostat after a few minutes and adjusted the temperature.  There were empty tables that were not cleaned for a while, it was a Tuesday night and was not really busy, so that really looked terrible.

I celebrated one of my birthdays at Max's in the Philippines back then, and I have good memories from it.  This recent experience at Max's in Las Vegas, sad to say, was memorably bad, and I will not return, nor will I tell my friends that there is a Max's in town.  There is just too much competition in Las Vegas now for great food, and when I want Filipino food, I'll just go to a turo-turo.
Got seated in less than 5 minutes, food came out quickly and was tasty.
I order the Shanghai Lumpia which came in a great eatable fried wrapper dish, the pancit bihon, an order of the chicken sisig (will not recommend), an order of the full max's chicken (which was great), an order of palabok, an order of the crispy pata, and an order of the spaghetti (which was too sweet and cheesy for my likeness).

For the most part service was good. Great first time experience.
i am very disappointed with the service. i waited 45 minutes for 3 orders. and take note its "take out". the crew are running around cos there are a lot of people. well every crew has to have there own station. and the receptionist is out of sight. there were still people coming in and waiting to be sitted. but the receptionist is inside the kitchen making orders. management sucks. not organized at all. people are waiting, orders are not taken in time. like seriously???? its not an excuse that you are busy and helping others. you panic because you are not organized. not really worth the wait.
It's the infamous Max franchise! Now finally located in Las Vegas! We just had to go try it. The establishment is very nice and upscale, a lot better than most filipino restaurants, but the food and service was ok. They were out of sisig and kare kare which apparently his the most popular dishes. I was super bummed to find that we couldn't order it since that was all I was looking forward to. Other dishes included chicken adobo, beef steak, and pancit bihon and palabok, and sinigang. 

You can also divide or section off parts of the place if you're looking to celebrate here with a big party which is pretty cool. The service was good, and thy were very attentive and apologetic to us when they were out of certain dishes. However, to be out of not just one dish but two...I feel poses a problem if you're trying to service your customers because they expect to have whatever is on the menu.
low service
Server doesnt know how to interact with a guest 
Server gives bullshit why the food is late but then I got my food cold
I ordered "fresh and not saugy canton" which is that's not what I got smh 
Then the server said "it's already pre made" so I guess Max's food ain't fresh and they make you wait half to hour to get your food.

Just because I ordered "Maxs Plate combo meal" the server said that's why they don't recommend it because it takes a long time THEN wtf is it on the menu?! They don't have minimum time to take out the food out of the table, just because there's a party going on it doesn't mean you have to use that as an excuse.

Chef needs to be organize on there station not everyone focusin in the party I mean there's people waiting and hungry. 

It's a NIGHTMARE !!!!! Ugh

The drinks like soda cost $2.50 and the server doesn't even ask for a refill they care more other things than take care there tables or station.

And this is the thing he apologize to my mom I mean I am the one who is complaining like wtheck and I ask question I don't get straight up answer ! Yeah I look like a child but don't treat me like a child coz I am an adult having dinner with my mom.

My first exp is the worst already, second was better and then the third one is this one and I don't think I am planning to come I mean my mom said she will never come back too.
If you got time to kill and initially you're not as hungry,  then this would be the perfect restaurant for you. You'll be waiting on your table for so long that by the time your server comes (if you're even that lucky to get one to take your order) you'll be starving by then. Service is horrible!!  I've had better service at a hot dog stand than this place. 
Don't get me wrong the food is delicious and super tasty but don't waste your time eating inside the restaurant. Order over the phone and do carry out. I'll never ever ever come back to this restaurant even if you were to pay me to go. I don't understand why there's like 10 guys on the floor and our server only had 2 tables (that's including us)  and he told us twice he'll be back to take our order. Yeah right!  I think I have a better chance winning the lotto than to ever get my order taken.  I'm so upset this happened especially how slow it was at 3pm on a Friday. My family and I got up and left!  Get your act together management!  Your employees performance is ruining your reputation!!
This place is the worst. I would never go back. I went once with my family to try it out every one said there known for there chicken.  There chicken taste like every other chicken, nothing special.  

Customer service is soooooo bad. This one server keeps passing by but don't ask if we needed anything and he sees our glass is empty and plates were empty.  I had to keep asking can u get this, can we get refill,  etc.

Food. OMFG. No freaking taste to the nilaga baka. WTF.... on the freaking menu there was Max teaser but the server said they don't have it. Then why is it on the fu***** menu. Calamari no taste and small as portion for every thing. The calamari they make u can buy a box at 99ranch for $11. Evrything tasted horrible. The bill was $85 for shit.I would rather eat at fiesta Filipina restaurant is way better and bang for ur bucks.
I ordered the crab fried rice yuk taste like shit like straight from the water. I asked if we can get it without peas and the server said its pre made. 

WTF!!!!! WHY IS THIS PLACE STILL OPEN IF FOOD AINT MADE FRESH!!! PRE MADE THEN INSTEAD OF CHARGING FOR FOOD THAT IS SUPPOSE TO BE FRESH THIS PLACE SHOULD BE LIKE A PANDA EXPRESS U JUST PICK OUT THE FOOD U WANT. 

HORRIBLE FOOD AND CUSTOMER SERVICE. TWO IMPORTANT THING TO MAKE A SUCCESSFUL RESTAURANT...THEY CANT EVEN DO ONE!
Went here on a Saturday night. It didn't really seem too busy but I couldn't see the other side of the restaurant. The rating of 2 stars is more for the service and over all experience, not so much the food. We were seated in between a party of 4 and a party of about 10. The hostess shorted us 1 menu, which I guess is fine. It took about 10 minutes after being seated before the waiter acknowledged us, even though he had to practically jump over me to get to the table behind ours. After he took our order, we expected our drinks to be delivered prior to the meal. Nope. We had to ask twice for the drinks to be given to us before they finally were. The food was really good. A bit cold but overall, it was delicious. I ordered the Max's Budget meal which says it comes with Shanghai, but when the meal was given to me, there were not eggrolls on the plate. I had to ask the waited where they were and he said he had to make sure that they were included. Apparently, I knew the menu better than he did. He came back several minutes later with 4 eggrolls and said he forgot them. Service here was horrible. I hope it's b/c it was busy on the side of the restaurant I couldn't see. The food was really good though so I will probably just order take out from now on.
We have a Max's (of Manila) in Hawaii....and I'm assuming this is the same...alas, the first and only time I've had Max's (of any kind) is in the actual Manila many many years ago...so long ago that I don't remember the experience at all...

I had read on Yelp that they had silogs (Filipino breaky with garlic fried rice, fried egg, and your choice of meat) all day.....that most def sealed the deal in having lunch there since we were at Toys R'Us.

We entered when they had just opened at 11/1130am, and it surprisingly had 4 tables already filled. 
I, immediately, asked about their silog selections because I was craving a milkfish silog and our waiter said they "didn't have that anymore!" SAD.FACE. I was hella bummed. BF looked at me like I was crazy cuz, as he said it: there's other good food to order! 
Alas, he was right and we ordered the garlic fried rice, pork belly sisig, and he got a lunch special with the fried chicken, garlic rice, and pancit.
 
Being the foodie that he is, he said that the fried chicken here is his favorite! That's a pretty big deal. He loved its moist chicken meat and crispy and NOT AT ALL OILY chicken skin. Not the kind of chicken from KFC or Popeye's for sure.

The garlic fried rice was Guud....the kind of good that reminds me of my mom's garlic fried rice; like homecooking at a restaurant, if that's possible.
The pork belly sisig was very good, especially with some freshly squeezed lime/calamansi juice on it. I just wish it was a little more spicy, like that of Café Moda's sisig ---- although this in no way is comparable to Café Moda's sisig in my mind.

We left happy, full, and even with some leftovers. 
Service was good considering I was expecting a lack there of from reading some Yelp reviews.
Service is slow. With that said, try this restaurant if you are not that hungry, like you just need to eat because you're bored or because it's dinner time, you know, those excuses. 
 
-OR-

Bring a very talkative or entertaining friend.

Food is okay, nothing special.
The servers are friendly, but a little aloof.  I understand that the restaurant is fairly new, but I felt like it was amateur hour.  One of the dishes did not come at the same time as everyone else's and they did not seemed concern until we asked about it.  

The food was okay.  I ordered the chicken adobo.  I liked the broth they used, it wasn't too salty and it was a little sweet.  However it was disappointing because the chicken was dry.  My sister ordered the fried chicken and that was pretty delicious.  It was tender and crispy.  If I ever go back I am probably just going to get the fried chicken.
Max. Max. Max. Max. Bout damn time you opened up only for me to find out that you still have a lot of kinks to work out based on reviews and word of mouth. So I was thinking  a couple months should give you enough time to get your S***T together.

Fast forward to Monday, January 6th. 7 pm dinner time. 8 of us show up and are seated in a timely manner. So far, service seems legit.

We ordered Garlic Fried Rice, Lechon Kawali, Sizziling Tofu, Chicken Sisig, Pakbet, Sinigang na Baboy, Fried Bangus, and of course, Max's Fried Chicken! We ended our feast with Buko Pandan and Halo-Halo for dessert.

We got our food rather quickly. Again, service seems very good. It was not until we got all our food that the I noticed our server disappeared. We were enjoying our food but was wondering when we were going to get refills on all our drinks. We also wanted to order dessert. I would say we did not see our server for a good 15 minutes. We ended up flagging another server to find out where our server was. 

So he finally comes back to attend to our needs. As I told him that we needed refills and to order dessert, I smell the strong odor of cigarette smoke all over him and his breath as he acknowledged our needs. DUDE! Now we know where he has been. He obviously was on his break smoking. Pop a breath mint or 20. I hope he at least washed his hands. Memo to upper management or whoever is in charge of hiring and training your servers, either you need to do a better job of keeping an eye on your employees or hire better servers! I mean, when somebody goes on break, someone else is supposed to cover temporarily until that person comes back. 

So we get our refills finally and our desserts. At this point, I just wanted to finish and pay up so we can get out of there.

Overall, I was actually impressed at the beginning until our server went on his break. It's such a shame too because the food was 4 star worthy but the service was no better than a 2. So this is where I can justify my rating of 3 at this point in time. Maybe in another couple months or whenever I feel that enough time has passed for you big wigs to finally pay attention to these reviews that have a common theme and actually do something about it, until then I predict your average will not go any higher than a 3.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #8
This place needs a lot of work for sure! The servers were friendly but everyone needs more training. I took my family here for my birthday. The wait to be seated was not that bad. However, the wait to get our food felt really long. I really did not like the fact that they did not build our order, they simply brought our food almost one by one. Our sizzling pork sisig came first and the others took a couple more minutes to get to our table. By the time the rest of the food came the sisig was not hot anymore. I was also very disappointed with the pancit canton. It was very watery and and it lacked flavor. The only good food that we ordered was the chicken everything else was just eh ok. 

I know opening a restaurant is tough but come on you are in Vegas and just a few minutes from the strip! I am giving this place 3 stars just because it's Max's Restaurant. If I was not familiar with the brand I would give this place a 1.5 because I know they could do a lot better. 

Tips:
- Train all of your staff according to industry standards.
- The kitchen needs to run quicker.
- The servers needs to learn how to juggle their tables better.
- The food needs better flavors (it lacks a lot of flavor).
- Build the orders (don't just bring out one dish but bring them all together).
- Please please please train each and every single employee better.
Next best place to Mom's cooking!  Authentic, generous portions and friendly service.  Worth my drive from Summerlin...just wish there was one closer to home.
I just moved to Las Vegas from San Diego and I was happy to find Max's Restaurant because it eases the homesickness a tad. The Max's in SD closed years ago so seeing it thriving here is definitely a treat. 

Since I arrived here in December I have visited this place about 5 times already. I have dined in as well as phoned in pick up orders. Through my  experiences, I didn't realize that this restaurant was fairly new nor did I have any qualms about the service I received nor the quality of my food. In fact, during my last trip here, our server Lloyd was very amicable, polite, and sincere. I almost felt ashamed to hear an elder regard me with "Po" so obviously I tried to be an even more pleasant customer.

The nice thing is that a lot of the food here seems to be cook to order. For anyone who knows a little about cooking Filipino food, it doesn't take 5 minutes to tenderize your meat, deep fry your chicken, or soften your pancit. While I'm sure more kinks could be worked out in terms of speed, I'd much rather enjoy my food piping hot and fresh (with a 15-20 wait) than something that could easily be obtained from a "turo-turo" with a layer of soluble fat skimming the top.

Also, we brought some food to my family while they were visiting. Everyone knows that a homecooking 83 year old grandmother is the harshest critic of Filipino food. Needless to say, my nanay enjoyed her food very much and was surprised at the quality of the sisig and pancit. To each their own.. 

Anyhow, it might not quite be like home but for a family who is too lazy to cook, a transplant who wants a little taste of home, or a tourist/newcomer looking to try a different sort of Asian flare, I definitely recommend Max's. 

Try their garlic fried rice, fried chicken, lechon sisig, and pancit miki if you want to be a little on the safe side. Also, their calamansi juice is very refreshing. 

They've been around since 1945.. they must be doing something right!
The food was really good, but the plates were super dirty. Bring your own plates lol.
Went here for the first time since it opened with my sister. We went around 5 or 6. The wait wasn't bad, when we came in the girl immediately asked " for two? " I'm a hotel management student, and that was a bad greeting, she didn't say welcome or anything like that. 
The place wasn't busy as it was still early for dinner. The server came and asked for drinks, and when they know you speak tagalog, they will talk to you in tagalog. We ordered, food came in a pretty good time, but the server brought it one by one, and when he served the sinigang he was holding the bowl on the top side, which wasn't supposed to be because his finger was close to the food.
It was a good experience. Good food, but I didn't see any chicken on the menu, maybe i just flipped the pages too fast.
overall this place gets 3 stars due to the lack of customer service but great ass Filipino food in Vegas !
I came in with a group of 8 for the first time on a weekday. It gets really busy immediately after it opens, so you want to get here a little bit beforehand. We were seated quickly.

We ordered a variety of food, including lechon kawali, garlic rice, palabok, and the specials. The food was really good. It reminded me of home and was heaven in my mouth. The lechon kawali was perfectly crunchy. The palabok was nicely sauced. The entrees cost more than other smaller Filipino restaurants, but I think it's worth it.

The decor of this place is modern and I really like it. It looks clean and well organized. There are also dividers, which I'm assuming can be used for private parties.

The service was okay; it could've been better. The waiter got one of the specials wrong, but it was no biggie.

I recommend Max's, especially to those that want to try Filipino food for the first time.
Saw this new restaurant and decided to give it a try.  On the plus side, since the place is new, it's clean.  I like how the restaurant can be sectioned off for private parties.  I thought that was pretty neat.  Service was pretty quick and the food was tasty.  The only thing keeping this from a 5-star rating was the cost for liquor.  I ordered a Captain Morgan (rum) and Diet Pepsi (no Coke products).  My jaw nearly hit the floor when I saw the charge on the bill...$13.  I'd go here again, but I think I'll stick to beer if I drink.
Love the ambiance of the place because for once, there's actually a nice looking Filipino restaurant. 

Came here with family which was a party of 11 so they had to split the tables but informed us ahead of time so that was nice. We were seated within maybe 10 mins of waiting so it wasn't that bad. The menu doesn't have very many options which isn't a bad thing but with that, I was expecting a little better quality in the food and was kin of disappointed. Anyways, the waiter took our orders and the food came out pretty fast. 

First was this egg drop looking soup with bits of corn, carrots and ham(?) or spam? It was an alright soup. I wasn't impressed by it since it looked like something I could have whipped up easily and maybe even better. But it wasn't bad so I'd give it a 3/5. 

Then the main food comes out which was an order of pancit, one whole chicken, kare-kare, and lechon kawali.

Pancit (2/5) - there was a very strong soy sauce flavor yet it wasn't salty. It was really weird but I really didn't like how I could taste this strong cheap soy sauce flavor. And it was also very wet. I'm not used to eating pancit like that and I just didn't think it was great. 

Max's whole chicken (4/5) - nice crispy skin, but the chicken was more on the dry side. I wasn't crazy impressed but I did think it was delicious but for the price I think I like my auntys secret recipe chicken much better. It was good just not good enough for me to come back and want more. 

Kare-kare (2/5) - meh. It was served in a medium bowl and looked like soup with veggies. There was barely any meat and tons of sauce, soup or whatever you wanna call it. Again, this dish didn't really "wow" me in any way. I just used that excess sauce to pour on top of my rice. The flavor just wasn't there for me. 

Lechon kawali (3/5) - I understand that this is deep fried but I was really turned off by the amount of oil that was just sitting on the place. And I usually LOVE lechon kawali but man that was some serious grease fest on that plate that I didn't even wanna touch it. I had like two piece but it was just insanely oily. I wish they would have maybe patted it down or something before serving it on the plate. 

The service was really great though. The waiters were fast and constantly checked up on our table. Super friendly. On the other hand, the food wasn't bad but wasn't the best either. I do admit that I enjoyed the chicken the most but I would only come back during family get togethers. I have Filipino pride but Filipino food is just too greasy for me sometimes! :/
Filipinos go to great lengths to find the next best Filipino restaurant out there, especially when the restaurant carries the name of one of the oldest chains in the Philippines, but unfortunately this Max's Restaurants fails to impress or sets out to disappoint. I ate there on 2 occasions ever since they opened, the first time was lunch, we thought that there would be a long line, but we were seated immediately, I thought great, we can make it back to work in time, wrong! We only ordered like 3 items and it took them 1 hour to bring it to hour table. We had the famous fried chicken, the skin was indeed crispy but the meat was so dry, you would probably need to double up on your soda order since they don't do refills, so Filipino mentality, tsk tsk tsk. The second time I went there it was a friends party, they had pre-ordered the food ahead of time as to avoid the hunger evoking wait, we had crispy pata, which wasn't that great, the usual chicken, pancit, kare kare, adobo that didn't look appetizing at all, over all the food was edible, at least they had a room that can accommodate large parties and give you some privacy. The service was below par, the server just left her cleaning cart in the room while we were still eating and did not really attend to our needs well, especially when you are charging/expecting a gratuity charge for large parties. The napkins were cut in half, so typically Filipino again. I am proud to be Filipino but Filipino mentality really irks me because hey are we not in America? Overall, will I come back? Only if i am not paying for it. Have the Filipinos finally found their white whale? Sorry you will have to continue searching for the best Filipino restaurant out because Max's is definitely sub standard.
The restaurant's ambiance is pretty good, the food is ok the negative thing about the restaurant is the service. Service  should be improved, had a party of 20 at the restaurant and the service with my guests were not really up to par for a restaurant. at this price. Some of my guest had complaints that the water wasnt refilled quickly enough. 

We will try to revisit and update this review hopefully it will be better than the last time we dined at max.
I've been to Max's about 10 times, 8 of them being before they even opened up. It's located in the old Lone Star Steakhouse standing alone between an Albertson's and Chevron. You can't miss it.

The interior is very nice, certainly nicer than any Filipino restaurant I've been too. It's fancy like Vegas but not so cause there's no go go dancers. There's lots of seating and a bar.

I did some research before coming and noticed Max's is known for their fried chicken and halo halo. I had the whole fried chicken dinner with two sides, some slaw and fries. The chicken was kind of disappointing. It wasn't meaty, juicy, or crispy. It was tiny for the price but had some good flavors, potential to being good. The slaw and fries were basic nothing special. I'll try the chicken again just cause it's what they're banking on plus it was their 1st day.

The halo halo was good then again can you really screws up halo halo. For those who haven't had halo halo it's a cold dessert made up of shaved ice, evaporated milk, various beans, fruits, and fruit preserves. Sometimes there's ube ice cream which Max's does.

They serve other Filipino food at pretty reasonable prices. The customer service is very friendly. Let them make their "special sauce" they get a kick of making it for you. I think it was nothing but banana ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, and something else, it was alright. I'd probably come back.
This place is a joke. It's NOTHING like the actual Max's in the Philippines or even the other ones here in the US. The service, the attitude, the quality of food and the prices are absolutely dreadful and pathetic. This particular branch is an embarrassment to the franchise. My family, friends and I, are fans of the brand. If you want to find out the hard way, to actually waste your money to dine here, be my guest. I guarantee that you will be extremely disappointed. I'm surprised that this place is still open. I'll give it a few more months. Who are the clowns running this place? Seriously! There are so many other Filipino restaurants in town, that would have far more better service, a positive attitude, a much more enjoyable and edible food, for the right price! My advice, don't waste your money here. I'm not a hater, I just take my food very seriously, especially when I have to spend my hard earned money. Definitely not at this establishment, ever. (That one star is the lowest. I wish I could've given them no star at all. They don't deserve it!)
I have to say that I finally was able to visit Max's. My visit wasn't at all bad- I read all the reviews prior to going, so I was very prepared for the non attentive service by our waitress. Took forever to order, food took a bit to arrive, didn't check on us once, and had to ask for refills as well as our check. Good thing I was with family, we were able to visit. 
Now as for the food, I ordered the basics, (5 of us) pancit canton, pork adobo, bistek, lechon, 1/2 fried chicken, and of course the large bowl of rice! Everything was delicious. I ate so much that I still can't breathe.
As long as you don't expect great service, the food won't be disappointing, taste just like home.
Enjoy!
Max's restaurant has very nice appeal to customers also including me, But the service not so great :/. The service was okay but needs to be improved. The lady at the counter when we first walked in was pretty much rude. She almost had a outside voice and just shouted at us to sit down. Plus they don't have enough tables and chairs so i think they might need to renovate. We pretty much waited for probably about 20 minutes to just get a table and maybe and extra 15 minutes to get our food ready. They need to speed up. Don't be a slowpoke actually speedwalk atleast instead of walking like you just hiked a huge mountain or ran a 5k marathon. Plus when my mom order her pancit and sisig her sisig had 2 pieces of scotch tape in it. When she showed it to the manager the manager decided to make half of our meals $7.00 off. I would say Max's is not a restaurant i would often go to but i would say it is okay.
Honestly liked the service.... Everyone was very nice... Ambiance is great. Food was good. The rating here in Yelp made me feel reluctant at first but I am truly satisfied with the service. Disregard the negative comments and give it a try...

Otherwise 

Whats annoying are those feeling "stateside" people who are obnoxious and close minded. It's not like I eavesdrop but the loud gossipers kill my mood sometimes.
Thought I'd give Max Fried Chicken a try again.  I was there in November 2013 when they first opened and was sorely disappointed with the chicken.  it was almost tasteless.  Last night, we ordered the chicken, bulalo, garlic fried rice, and lechon kawali.  ALL of them were not up to par.  What a waste of my $$.  Max Las Vegas is very much aware of people's complaints of their flavourless chcken and, yet, they have not improved.  The bulalo was mostly broth.  We had two pieces of fat, a bit of meat, about 3 strips of cabbage and 2 corn on the cob.  I was expecting much more for $17.95.  The lechon kawali was not fresh at all.  The meat was dark and tough.  The garlic fried rice was just okay.  There was absolutely nothing special about it.  

I have to say that our waiter, Gilbert, was AWESOME.  He was most attentive and very knowledgeable of their food items.  Kudos to him - just not the food.  I don't think I will be going back to Max'.
Really good food and great service! Definitely order chicken, add in some kare kare and fried lumpiang ubod (suggested by my mister) topped with the ubod sauce! Yum! Staff is really nice, very polite and always has a smile on their face.
Came today and try this new resto. Iam full pinoy and my standard of pinoy food is simple and basic: if my grandma and mother can cook better, it should not be served on restuarants. 

We ordered 8 things in the menu;
Chicken
Sinigang na hipon
Lechon kawali
Nilaga
Chicken sisig
Pork sisig
Pancit miki bihon 
Laing

In this 8 items only the laing is what my mom and grandma dont cook. Anyways lets start with the good, the chicken. Its one of the best crunchy and flavored chicken we had in restuarants, my mom agreed its good, and I liked it too.

Unfortunately thats where the good things stops. The other 6 items (excluding laing which was okay regarding to my family, i have no taste for it.) So for the bland foods are the following; pancit and nilaga. It was so bland i have to use 1 spoon full of condiments to make them taste anything. The nilaga was served cold too. Next the super salty are the following; kawali, pork sisig, chicken sisig, all of this items have strong salty taste, too salty that we were not able to eat them all. Next the last one the hipon na sinigang, they got the "asim" part but they did not catch other flavor than that. This sinigang is missing that unique sinigang flavor.

In the end i only was able to enjoy my plate due to the chicken that was really good. When i was over i had a full bowl of the soups (untouched) pancit on the side which i tasted only once, the sisigs were just next to my pancit and the other stuff making my entire plate half full. 

Oh i would like to add it took the service to come in 35 minutes. I finished the freaking 1 episode of a tv series before they come all together. Which i think is the reason why our soups were cold, if iam not wrong it means that the soups were sitting on the counter but they were waiting for all the foods to be finishes before serving them. 

In the end Max didnt deliver the filipino food that i expected. Back home they are known for the chicken, i guess they should only stick with that. Their are better less known restaurants for real flavored, well served, authentic filipino cuisine around.
Visited Vegas and went to Max's. Except for their chicken, everything else was bland.  Service at both visits were not up to par.  You get seated right away but it took 15 minutes before they took our drink orders.  When we tried to put in our food order the same time as drinks, the waiter told us we need to wait.
Im writing this review as I am walking out of this POOR service restaurant. I got seated at 4:35pm and there was about 6 waiters working, and waited for at least 10 minutes for service. We were ignored during that time, then decided to walk out of the restaurant. Neither of the waiters had asked what we wanted to drink nor if we were ready to order. We then went to Goldilocks where we got great service from time we got seated.
I feel bad because this is my first bad review, but the food here wasn't good at all. I don't know what it was supposed to taste like. It was my first time experimenting with food from the Philippines, but let's just say I'm scared for life.
Food was Amazing, was not a big fan of the fried rice with crab but everything else was absolutely amazing. Next time I am there I will have to try the hola hola
Horrible service! Asked for asparagus to be added to a tofu dish. Had to repeat it several times to the waiter, he then went to the kitchen to "ask" 
When he returned 10 minutes later he said it was to large of a portion for us. We told he we didn't care and to charge us for the asparagus it's fine.
10 more minutes passed and a cook from the kitchen came to our table and informed us the manager would not allow the kitchen to put asparagus with the tofu? Twilight zone, possibly worst service I've had in my life.
The service here is impeccable! Everyone was so nice! The food was good also, it wasn't amazing but it definitely was a hit for me. I also liked the vibe when I came to the restaurant the people we're welcoming. I wouldn't mind coming back here whenever I'm around the area.
I ordered Maxs Fiesta Plate. It came with quarter leg and fresh veggie lumpia. The chicken here was pretty juicy. The skin was nice and crispy. Also ordered the sweet potatoe fries. They add sugar instead of salt for seasoning. All in all it was pretty good. The chicken couldve had a little bit more flavor but I still enjoyed it.
Went here Monday to give it a try. First and last time here. Service was great but food was just bad. The pancit was horrible, it had so much soy sauce. The beef steak has so much fat and was chewy. The place is very nice and clean but that's about it.
We had an amazing experience here on April 6, 2014. We came for late lunch, about 3pm. The restaurant was very clean, beautifully decorated, and the ambiance was so nice! 

Collette was our server and she was so accommodating and helpful! We had never had Filipino food in a restaurant setting, and she was really helpful in making choices, and also in making sure that everything our kids ordered was GLUTEN SAFE. Both of our kids have Celiac Disease, and so many restaurants either don't understand, or don't care about those with food allergies. Max's staff was both knowledgeable and caring! My kids did NOT get sick!

We Had Pancit Bihon, Pancit Canton, Crab Fried Rice, Whole Chicken Meal, Half Chicken Meal and Halo-halo for dessert.  DELICIOUS!!!!

It was also my daughter's birthday, and the staff sang to her and gave her a complimentary dessert. Very sweet. 

Thank you Max's Las Vegas for a wonderful experience! We will be back!!
I had ordered a to-go this afternoon (for my dinner at home). SO disappointed. I didn't liked it. I felt as if I'm gonna have a heart attack after! TOO OILY. I think I've tasted the oil more than the chicken. Ughhh!!! (2-thumbs down). Nothing can beat the ORIGINAL Max's in Sct. Tuason. Franchises in the states (SoCal & Las Vegas) have failed this taste test.
Decent food, nothing spectacular but the chicken and crispy pata were the highlight of our meal. I decided to give this restaurant 4 stars because the service was great. Our waiter Lloyd went above and beyond catering to our needs. Had a great sense of humor too !
Jaki, the manager attended to us today April 12 and she was extremely efficient.Food was excellent, we ordered kare-kare even better than in Max Manila, bulalo soup was delicious and all we ordered like crispy pata,lechon kawali,lumpiang sariwa, and the Max fried chicken was all VERY good. The desserts were divine!!!
I give it a 10/10 score for good food and service. It is reasonably priced for that excellent food.
Thank you Jaki!
Edith Pingol
Oh man... let me just say that the food we had here was delicious. The service was lacking. That's putting it lightly.  I mean,  they weren't rude. Just S L O W...

We came here for my Dad's birthday. They were not busy at all and it looked like they had more than enough staff and empty tables to accommodate the 5 groups of people waiting for a table (including our party of 6).  We waited about 25 minutes. Not too bad you would think, but when you see the staff just standing around and empty tables you'd think they could sit you right away, but no. There were also several tables not bussed the whole time we were at the restaurant. 

When we finally were seated, we pretty much knew what we were going to order because we looked at the menu while we were waiting for our table. We had the pork sinigang,  lechon kawali,  pancit canton,  daing na bangus,  Max's chicken, large garlic fried rice and small steamed rice. We just ate family style. Everything we had was cooked well and really delicious. My only complaint about that was that the dipping sauce for the lechon kawali was ice cold. 

Now the service. It took us maybe 15 minutes or so before someone came to take our drink order and since we were already aware of the mediocre service we ordered our food as well. We didn't want to wait another 15 minutes to order. 30 minutes later we finally received our food. The kitchen looked busy, but there were maybe 4-5 other tables in the restaurant besides ours. I don't know why it would take that long for our food. 

For dessert I got a buko pandan which I order at their restaurant when I'm in Oahu and my mom got halo halo to share with everyone.  The buko pandan didn't taste the same as the other restaurant in Oahu and wasn't the same green color. It looked really light. It wasn't as coconut tasting as expected. The halo halo was huge and my parents thought it was decent tasting. 

I wish they the service was better because I would go back, but I would rather not have to deal with the slow service. I really like the food here, but it's not worth my time.  Oh and by the way, the tables that had not been bussed when we arrived were still sitting there still not bussed when we left.  I don't think I'll be back unless they fix the service issue.
Excellent service.  As a vegetarian who is allergic to shellfish I was concerned when I saw the menu had a great deal of shellfish.  The server recommended the asparagus and tofu dish and it was delicious.  If you like garlic, I suggest the jasmine rice...super yummy!  Also, they have the best sweet potato fries...they add a dash of cinnamon!
Was very excited when my husband and I heard about Max's opening a restaurant in Las Vegas....woohoo!!!
We frequent the Glendale location and wanted to see if this new store measured up to the one in Glendale. We were pleasantly surprised with the ambiance (sosyal,) love the feel of the place. We went in for merienda so that meant fresh lumpia, palabok, halo-halo, and squeezed in their famous chicken. I have to say "they've got the best chicken!!!" The halo-halo is to die for (love the little umbrella.) Service was fast and friendly. Our server was on top of everything, we didn't have to look for him to refill our drinks. Von checked on us frequently and made sure we had a pleasant meal. While walking in the door we said "Let's see if this place is as good as Glendale." Leaving we thought to ourselves "This is the new standard!" The kitchen, servers, and management are on point. These guys are in the ZONE. Will definitely be back soon for the chicken and awesome service. Keep up the good work!!!
When I found out this place was opening in Vegas, I was pretty thrilled. Being Filipino, you HAVE to know what Max's Chicken is! If you don't than you need to change your ethnicity! Lol ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

I've had Max's Chicken in California but today was the first time I had it in Vegas. This place is pretty spiffy! The inside is really nice. Big broad windows, individual rooms for large parties, very spacious! I'm very impressed with the layout especially in that part of town. 

For food-- we had ordered: fried chicken (duh), Kare Kare, Sisig, Sizzling Tofu, caldereta, and Sinigang. All were pretty good. They are known for the chicken so I had no complaints about it especially if you dip it in banana ketchup! Yum! Other foods, I've honestly had better. The sizzling tofu was probably the only thing I would come back & order again. It had a good kick to it & the sauce they served it with was awesome. The Sisig didn't taste like any kind I have ever had. Kare Kare was alright, had better. 

Also, the soda they served us was flat. Even told them it was, they brought another round of soda.. Which was also flat. Took forever to get a round of water for everyone. My glass of water was empty for a while before someone noticed and filled it. 

They don't include gratuity on the bill even with large parties which I thought was different but they do show what you SHOULD tip at the bottom of the receipt.
We came by for dinner and from the beginning,  the front host was rude and did not sit us the area we want it. Then waiters took a long time to even ask us what drinks we wanted., maybe because the basketball game was on! Some of food was cold and other very salty, drinks very expensive for the side and service was terrible. Overall, below average since place look semi clean.
Well executed crispy pata -fast service-the milkfish was very tasty. Clean and prompt.  We will be back!
Stopped here on Saturday for lunch to-go during Memorial weekend. Ordered a combo meal and a regular bangus sinigang. The staff was extremely nice and made sure to keep me updated on how much longer my order was going to take. I was sitting in the waiting area and during the wait, at least 3 different employees came up to me to make sure I had been taken care of. Excellent service! Food came out right around the promised time and everyhing was delicious! Wish they had a location in Orange County, CA too!!! Highly recommend!
This was my 2nd time going there. And both times there was a long wait. And we went at a decent time 8:00pm. They seem really busy no matter what time you go though. Took them at least 20-30 minutes before they can seat us. I asked to just be seated at the bar since I was so hungry I couldn't wait any longer.

So we get seated at the bar and our server comes up to us and asks us what we would like to order. I looked at him with a blank stare and said maybe I can order if I had the menu to look at. So he grabbed us menus and didn't come back to us until like 15 minutes later. I was already losing my patience. So 15 minutes later he comes to our table and takes our order. We ordered the kare kare and lechon kawali sisig.

I was surprised that the order came out at a decent time. But the food was OMG delicious! Took me back to when I was younger and living with mom. She always would cook Filipino food. We ate all of the kare kare it was a good serving for at least 2 people. The sisig was good too but I was more focused on the kare kare. lol.

Our server came back to us and asked if we would like to order dessert. We ordered a halo halo to go and a sago at gulaman. I didn't taste the halo halo because we gave it to my gfs grandma but the sago at gulaman was really good. Not too sweet but not too bland. I wished they put more ice though.

But overall the food is delicious. But just be prepared for the wait and the 'ok' service.
I'm so tempted to bring it down to a two-star review.. However, their chicken is crunchy goodness and finger-lickin' good! 

But this review goes to my waitress, Colette. 
Sweet and accommodating; she made me feel really comfortable when the other items on the "Max's Platter" did not. 

So according to the previous sentence, I ordered the the Max's Platter. 

1.  Chicken:  actually more like a 
2. Rice: actually very surprisingly good amount. Some restaurants skimp out on the rice knowing that their Asian audience will order more. But Max's takes care of you with that. 
3. Pancit: salty and mine came out cold. Like that's just gross. 
4. Random orange
5. Random packaged caramel bar. No thanks, I don't want to eat something wrapped in plastic on my plate. 

Okay, so, Colette. 
I told her that my pancit was cold. And she replaced it without hesitation. I guess everyone else is on the sucky side here, and I lucked out! She checked on my food after it was replaced and told me to let her know if it wasn't to my satisfaction. Which it kind of wasn't because it was salty but that's okay I was full anyway. 

So two things. Chicken (with the Jufran) & Colette. 

Have a nice Thursday, reader.
Great food. authentic filipino food. Will recommend Nilagang baka, Lumpiang Shanghai and crispy pata. Lumpiang ubod was fresh and really good too. Service here is also exellent and fast. Awesome service by Rocky and gilbert. Rocky was always attentive and was always smiling and always asking if we need anything. Both rocky and gilbert thank you for providing us with an awesome service and made our experience here a definitely 5 star service!
Awesome place.... took my family there last night for my sisters birthday. Customer service was great and the food was even better.

Recommend this place to everyone,  they have the best chicken in town...

The prices are very reasonable for the quality you are getting.
First Filipino restaurant I have ever been too. Great service, very accommodate-able! The egg rolls or the filipino rolls as an appetizer are the absolutely best ones I have ever tasted. Very good and the sauce was just right as well. We tried two noodle dishes, one was the rice noodles and the other was like lo mien. They both were fabulous along with the speciality which is the chicken. It was some of the best chicken I had ever tasted, very juicy and flavorful. We shared it all and that is what I would recommend. If we are ever near these parts of Vegas we will go again! ENJOY!!!
Wow!!!!!  This place is Amazing !!!! My fiancé and I were looking for a great place to have Filipino food while on vacation in Las Vegas.  Read many reviews and decided to try Max .  Upon arriving we were quickly greeted by Will and got a great table. Will was very knowledgable of all the great menu items and assisted us in a very friendly and caring manor.  The lumpia appetizers were so yummy.  Will got our drinks and appetizers out Super Fast !!!! The Crab Fried rice is to die for ... Amazing delicious !!!! Had Luchon 
Kawali. And was the best I have ever eaten !!!! My fiancé had Pansit be hon and she said it was amazing as well.   The portions are huge and enough for 3 people !!!! The restaurant was very clean and neat.  Bathrooms spotless..
I will most definitely be back and I hope Will will be here to take care of us again !!!!! Loved it !!!!   David M Cole.  From Houston TX
I visited my family in Las Vegas and been wanting to try this restaurant because my sister has been raving about it. We usually don't like any Filipino restaurants bc we always think our mom can make it at home way better. I was happy about this restaurant, service was great and fast and most importantly, the food was great (still not comparable to mom's)! We ordered the crab fried rice and it was a simple dish - typical fried rice topped with a crab omelette meant to mixes with rice. We also ordered the sinigang na hipon which is also good but could've been more sour. We also ordered the karekare with bagoong and it's one of my favorite entrees. My two most favorite that we ordered was the pritong bangus and the pork sisig!! The fish was cooked right and it has a citrusy flavor to it and the best best one -- the sisig! It came in a sizzling plate with lemon wedges and it was crunchy in the bottom with right amount of onions and jalapeños, it was so good I'm dreaming about it now. For the dessert, we of course ordered the halo-halo. It was what I expected, toppings, milky shaved ice and the ube ice cream but it was yummy and we finished it too after we are everything else! This is a great meeting place for my family and I; will definitely go back when I'm in town again.
First time here for dinner and we actually came back the next day for breakfast with friends. 

Customer service was great.
Usually go to Las Vegas every year and frequent the Filipino restaurants, but an old town friend told me that Max's was here. Did not register that this was the MAX's restaurant originally from the Philippines or the same one in Honolulu, Hawaii!
Brand new restaurant. Service was great. We went at 6:00 pm - ish. For me, adobo was so good! Extra is the garlic rice, but still, it was SO good, I went back AGAIN by myself and ate at the bar. I finished the WHOLE thing and I was full. So good.
I am glad that this restaurant is here and the outside lit sign says "Cuisine of the Philippines". It was nice to see some Caucasians in the restaurant (with no Filipinos with them). It seemed like they were enjoying the food also. Big families, big tables, nice atmosphere. Waiters seemed always wanting to please. I spoke to the hostess and said I hoped the restaurant was doing well, and she said it was!
Haven't been to a Max Fried Chicken in a long time.  This one is clean with a semi-quiet ambience.  I don't see why the chicken is special. The rest of the food,  nilagang baka, kare-kare, fried rice, crispy pata, was real tasty.  Service was average.  Our waiter was quiet. Receptive to our needs.
Their combo meals suck you, don't have a choice what you want in it. Also their chicken adobo sucks. If their chicken is their specialty then why does the chicken adobo taste different from the sauce which also sucks.
The place was ok. We waited for 30 mins to get a table. Not sure if our party of 11 was the cause of this. Anyways, we finally get seated and our waiter takes our orders. He was a pretty a good waiter. Told us everything we wanted to know. For the food, it was ok. The thing that bothered me the most was my niece's plate. She ordered a spaghetti (kid's plate) and she started to dig in and notice a noodle that wasn't really a noodle, it was a WIRE!!!! We were all shocked because she could of ate that thing and would of got really hurt. We told our waiter and he was more shocked than we were. He returned the plate and brought a new one with 2 of those dessert bars. My niece was still shaken up and really hesitant to eat.
The last time I ate at Max's was for my sister's graduation back in the Philippines. It's been a while, but my palate have a very good memory. I was so excited to try this place out because it was one of my favorite chain restaurant back home, so I coerced my dad to go here with me after we did some grocery shopping over at Seafood City; We both were highly disappointed with this place. It's nothing like the Max's back home. Ok, maybe their chicken was good but that's about it. We ordered sisig, which turned out to be mediocre, had some lumpiang ubod which tasted fake, and their pancit bihon and the spaghetti that came with my daughter's kid's meal tasted like how instant ramen noodles taste like; My daughter pushed her plate away and said it was yucky and tasted like goop and paste. And the server we had wasn't good as well. I work in the restaurant industry and I always feel bad giving bad tips to servers but I barely wanted to give our server a tip. He was rushing us with our food, was talking to us condescendingly, and was rude and gave us bad attitude when my daughter accidentally spilled her drink on the table, and let me cleaned up after her without even offering me extra napkins or towels to wipe it up. All this happened while the restaurant was almost empty. I'm really disappointed. Hopefully they train their staff better and do something about their food.
I went here twice first time we ordered max's chicken which was good, kare kare- all soup no meat and bland, palabok- also bland, calamari -its fried so it was good and garlic fried rice- ok. Not the best food I've had and thought I should try it again, maybe itll be better. Tried for the second time, ordered sinigang, sisig, max chicken. Well it was all terrible except for the chicken. Sisig was soggy, sinigang was tasteless. The service as usually in this place was horrible and very rude. People here are not accommodating and act oblivious to everything wrong with the place.
We were seated right away with a friendly hostess. Our server was friendly and courteous. Didn't wait long at all for our orders. Food was fantastic. I ordered the sizzling beef Kaldereta and garlic rice. My mom ordered her favorite vegetable dish, Laing. She gave it her approval, 2 thumbs up. My son ordered max's platter which came with fried chicken and bihon pancit. And we ordered their famous Lumpia shanghai which was great!! Can't find good lumpia her in vegas.... Looks like I've found a Filipino restaurant here in Vegas. I'm very picky when it comes to Filipino food and I could not find a decent Filipino restaurant, now I have!
One of my top favorite Filipino Restaurants in Vegas. Must try the Max's Chicken, Dry Adobo and everything else on their menu! Soon they will be open late nights with drink specials and  meal deals. The atmosphere is nice and the entire staff are much nicer and respectful... You can definitely feel the "Filipino Hospitality" when you dine here!
Food Is typical Max's. Some dishes are great while others are just okay. Staff Is friendly. Establishment Is clean.
First impression: very nice dining tables and photos from the flyer seemed appetizing so I decided to give this place a try.

The wait for food was a little long but its because the chef prefers fresh food. It was worth the wait for the sinigang, sisig, and  pancit canton order. All dishes were very tasty.

The sinigang had nice big pieces of pork and okra which  was a new thing for me to see but tasted good. The broth had the right flavor of tamarind and they have fish sauce for those who prefer that in their soup.

The sisig was not the traditional look either..it was dark almost like dinuguan. I was scared to try it but was surprised how tasty it was!! yummy crunches of pork and onion served with rice and I was a happy girl. 

The pancit canton had lots of veggies and was a little on the sweet side so it reminded me very much of chinese lo mein. 

I would definitely come back and try their other dishes.
Clean,friendly staff, nice selection of Asian foods....as a whole review for a new place,, great begining and can only get better ... Congratulations to Rays...
Last day in Vegas and we suddenly craved for Filipino food. I asked a local Filipino for a recommendation, and he starts raving about this place. So off we went...

The drive was very quick and there were tons of parking spots available, great! ( we do not have this luxury in NJ and NY). We were greeted by the server and was offered a table right away. 

We started with the Lumpiang Shanghai which we were told was a house specialty. True enough, the taste was better than the ones I had before. For our main dishes, the Sizzling Sisig's crunch and taste was awesomely delish, the Sinigang na Baboy's broth was perfectly sour and the vegetables used were very fresh, the Pork BBQ was so good we ordered another one! Yum! The biggest hit of the night, the Kare Kare, served with tender beef chunks and tripe. What's great about it is it ain't greasy at all. We really enjoyed the dish!  Living in Jersey City, i have tried all the restaurants serving this in the area and Manhattan, almost all do it on the oily side. Kudos to the chef! 

Aside from the great food, the generous servings was also impressive. A dish was good for 3 -4 people to share and the price was very very affordable! 

The owner, who was very  friendly and accommodating, told us that they were only a month old. Everything was so perfect it felt like they have been open for years.
I have to say, I'm rather impressed. Took my boyfriend in to try this place. We were the only ones in, since it was later in the evening, but the service was really nice and the food was pretty good. 

We had the spring rolls, kare-kare and the BBQ ribs. The only thing I had to get used to again, was that Filipino dishes tend to have fattier cuts of meat. 

While not in the best neighborhood, I really hope this restaurant succeeds. I'll definitely be returning to try some of their other dishes.
This is not your usual run of the mill type of Filipino resto... The food is fantastic and well prepared and truly your money's worth! I highly recommend you try Ray's you won't regret it. Kudos to the chef and staff!
So my lovely aunt and I have our weekly lunch outings and she always takes me to  places i never heard of. To top it off  she takes me to places that are in the hood. As I was driving there i was thinking " ummm aunty where are we going im scuuuuured"?! Anyways my rambling has nothing to do with the review.. 

So I surveyed the scene.. It located in an old shopping plaza.. don't be scured cause looks can be so deceiving..  Place looks pretty clean. This is a hole in the wall establishment. So course the food is good!

We ordered the Asian BBQ ribs which comes with garlic rice. I must admit it's the best damn ribs that i have had here in Las Vegas! The meat itself was not rubbery and chewy like in some BBQ places like Lucille's or Dave's , the meat was perfect, along with the seasoning. I was licking that bone like i was a dog!!

Another dish we ordered was the Beef Tagalog with onions. This dish is really good as well, it comes with rice and again the meat was perfect. The texture was really tender and juicy just like the ribs,.

We spoke to the owner ray, he will soon bring lasagna into the menu. So it wont be Asian for long maybe it will be a Fusion type thing..

 This place has just opened. Heck! I'm going back to order the RIBS! According to the staff people order this on their way home from work for take out order.

Try this place now and order the Asian BBQ Ribs you will not be disappointed!
LOVED THIS PLACE!!!! I went here with my girlfriend of mine for a party. I am not Filipino so I cannot tell you the exact names of what I ate but I can tell you everything in this place was fabulous! Can't go wrong here!

 We had two different fish dishes that were great with sauce on the side with little green onions in it yummy! We ate the ribs, my favorite so great... we had the chicken which is seasoned to perfection. We had appetizers... I know that there were the mussels with the garlic sauce that dissapeared off the table so fast- just like a magic act in Vegas just delicious. We also had these fried apps that had crab in them...OMG those were so good- like I said I am not Filipino so I am at a loss for the name of that one but it was GREAT. There was sooo much food I was so surprised..

The staff was awesome, friendly and treat you just like family- smiling and always there to offer you more of whatever is not on the table. I will be going back the next time I am in Vegas even if it just to find out what those apps with the crab were..

Thank you to the staff and owners, Bing & Ray, for a fabulous night and a great party I really enjoyed myself. I hope your place really takes off. Best of luck!
Is this place still in business? Called all week no answer, went to location and it was closed?
Awesome food! Everyone should come and try it!
Good people! Good food! Very good price! With a bonus of fast service!
Banana tempura is a must try.
Great food , Great  service and Great people. Yummy!!
I was excited because it was close to home but disappointed with the bad service. I was called suplado because i voiced my opinion and they were talking shit about me in tagalog. Wanted to give it no stars but prices are cheaper then most pinoy stores
Closer to home, lots of choices of Filipino turo-turo, even lechon, but expensive in comparison to other Filipino turo-turo and worse, they skimp on the portions they give. We bought XL Kare Kare for take out today, when we got home it turned out to be mostly sauce and no meat, just bones! Servers help you with heavy faces.
Yeah!! Love this place. Been there several times for lunch and have not been disappointed. The ampalaya, the sinigan, the sisig, and kaldereta have all been on my plate. Plus, the market and meats are very handy.
I have been to the other location on Maryland pkwy so I was expecting this to be buffet style.  First it's inside of the Filipino store and has a small area for seating, there are 7- 4 seat tables that line the window side and the food counter runs about the same length.  It's a small area but I was surprised at the amount of choices they had.  I ordered the salmon sinigang and pinakbet, they were both really good.  Price : 
1 item = $4.99 +tax
2 item = $5.99 +tax
Seriously good Filipino food. Better than I've had in some restaurants that charge twice as much. They've got the recipes down, and service is super fast.
Very disappointed in the portion of food. We ordered a 2 item with the nilaga, the bowl that they use for a second item is for a size of a salsa cup. It's the tiniest "bowl" we've ever seen.  Needless to say, there was one meat and a potato in the tiny bowl. The kare-kare is made of pata instead of oxtail which is hard as a rock. The sisig was okay. And to top it all, the server is rude! Completely lost my appetite.
Great service and excellent food! You have to try the Pork Tonkatsu... Masarap!!! They have a wide variety of traditional Filipino foods. We will definitely be back!
I just ate here today and let me tell u.. It's really good we got the sizzling sisig and it had an egg on it.. I've never had it with an egg before but I like it.. We also got Pancit Canton Bihon I loved it.. Also the Tonkankatsu out some shit was fried just right
The pork barbeque is delicious..the chicharon bulaklak is sooo good & crispy,,Also, great service,,it's a good place to eat with family or friends,,,,
I'm giving three stars for my over all experience. 

* Food
The food was superb! We ordered fresh lumpia, bicol express, and crispy pata. Their bicol express and crispy pata caught our attention because of the flavor, texture, diversity of the food. 

* Venue
The place is "okay". Typical filipino restaurant. 

* Atmosphere
There's a feel of fiesta because of the band playing that night. 

* Service
Good customer service. Our server was very friendly and very polite. 

I'm just giving three stars because I wasn't too happy with the band. It was too loud for them to have a band playing those kind of songs in a small area, so all of us need to yell just to hear out one another. For me acoustic music is more appropriate for the restaurant because of the size of the place.
Pros: Tasty food, friendly and receptive service, brand new place!
Cons: Parking is a bit funky since they are at the end of the building

I recommend: Pancit bihon, binagoongan (bagoong) fried rice, beef bulalo (soft beef soup), melon juice

I've just moved to Las Vegas so I'm on the hunt for Filipino food after leaving my favorite place in San Diego behind. I chose this place because they have a website with their menu online! I'm hoping that they will add pictures to every menu item on their website so that my mom and I can let our stomachs and eyes order for us :). We called in our order and drove about 20 minutes to the restaurant. We showed up the day before their Grand Opening so we missed the restaurant when we drove down the road (they have a nice bright sign now though, so you can't miss it)! We were promptly greeted and our food was brought out right away. 

My mom loves to talk so we enjoyed a fun conversation with everyone. They got us to try the melon juice and halo halo and I'm glad they did. The melon juice is like a shredded melon boba :). They add shaved ice to melon juice with shredded melon at the bottom. Super yummy- especially on a hot day. My mom and I couldn't agree on the halo halo though. I like simple halo halo while my mom loves "loaded" halo halo with tons of stuff (like the cup is full of beans and jellies and fruit) and D'Pinoy's halo halo is definitely more simple (maybe about a quarter full). I loved it but I'm sure my mom will ask for more fixings in hers next time. The Philippines might seem like a small country but there are many regional differences. Some people just prefer things a certain way because of the region they grew up in. 

We ordered several things including lumpiang shanghai, fried bangus (milkfish), beef kaldereta, chicken curry, pancit bihon, binagoongan fried rice, and beef bulalo. I loved their pancit but my mom didn't care for the tofu in it so I took it all :). The chicken curry has bones but the chicken is very soft and will fall right off it. The beef in the beef bulalo is super soft and absolutely delicious. The binagoongan rice wasn't what I was expecting (it has mangoes and tomatoes on the side- never seen that before) but it was absolutely delicious. Very unique and very tasty! Everything was very good, very soft, and cooked very well. 

Unfortunately, we were missing one thing in our order and didn't notice until we got home (oops)! The place isn't that close to us so my mom called back and told them what happened. They were very apologetic and promised to make it right when we return. And we WILL return! I want to try the pork tonkatsu, dinuguan, sinigaang, and the sizzling bistek! This might be my new go-to place in Las Vegas for the food of my people!