This place is a really off the wall Vegas experience, an authentic German gasthaus just off Las Vegas Blvd.  Full bar and great beer on tap - at great prices.  The club is private, but you are allowed a limited number of visits without joining.  

There is usually a dinner on Saturday nights (check the website for details).  The quality of the meals prepared by the members is good, and again the pricing is reasonable.  Non-members can enjoy a meal also.  Just call the club by Thursday to make a reservation.  

Absolutely one of my favorite places to have a beer in Las Vegas.  Surreal atmosphere, warm and friendly people (almost none of them are German ;))) and delicious German beer on tap!

The Club itself (known as the GASCON)  is pretty neat too.  They have a couple boozy golf tournaments a year, which are a lot of fun, and also do a fantastic job hosting the Oktoberfest in DT Las Vegas.  Annual membership is like $35.  I carry my card in my wallet.  

The GASCON is making a push to increase the headcount of its younger members (hold your national socialist youth movement jokes please ;))).  There's talk of using the space on the off nights as a music venue and also of hosting viewing parties for both the US and Germany games at the 2014 World Cup.  I'll be there...
Whoa! That's the one word that came out of my mouth exactly 3 times when I walked into this place. I came here because I was in the area and it came up on yelp in the dive bar category. Also, being of German heritage myself, I thought it might be a sort of mini hofbrau haus. Yeah, I was mistaken. Don't get me wrong, this is an interesting place and with lots of character. Really though, this place has much more of a VFW or local legion or senior citizen center feel to it. I'd take my grandparents here. Hell, I'd even take my parents here. Take it from me though, you really wouldn't want to bring a date here.
This club is great, fun nights, good bar, good food. They are open Tuesday for Jazz Night, Friday for card night, Saturday dinner and dancing and one Sunday a week for Fruschoppen or Brunch.  Please check out the website of GASCON if you need info.
Exploring the city's German fare, the BF and I headed over to Cafe Heidelberg the past Friday evening.  Upon entering, the waitress looked at us and then the clock.  I asked if they were closing and she said no, but we had five minutes to order.  (I guess the last seating is definitely at 8 pm.)

Walking past the small market and into the back, we seated ourselves into a quaint little booth.  A bunch of older folks filled the other tables and you get the feeling that this is definitely a family kind of place.  (Hofbrauhaus and Cafe Heidelberg are in two totally different leagues.)

The waitress handed us the menus and a beverage list.  The food menu is very basic, nothing fancy at all.  And the beverage list has a decent variety of beers and wine.  

I wanted spatzle, and that's all I cared about.  So I ordered one of the few things that came with spatzle - the Jagerschnitzel ($23), "Pork schnitzel lightly battered and smothered in a mushroom , wine and onion sauce.  Paired with red cabbage and spatzel."

The BF was torn between the Mixed Wurst Plate ($23), "Bratwurst, Knackwurst, and Bockwurst.  Served on a bed of sauerkraut and mashed potatoes," and the Oktoberfest Platter ($25), "A classic pork schnitzel and a jumbo Bratwurst paired perfectly with red cabbage and homemade spatzle."  He chose the former since I already had the pork schnitzel and spatzle in my dish.

As we waited for our entrees, bread and butter arrived with our beverages.  We also took a little walk through the market to check out their German groceries and deli.  A limited choice of food items, but you'll find your herring, spatzel, and sauerkraut available here for home.

My pork schnitzel was covered with dark brown gravy and was quite tender.  Pretty good.  The spatzel was okay, but maybe it's because I prefer it with a creamier sauce instead, like mushroom.  (I think I should have ordered the Kase Spatzle ($16), "House recipe German noodles smothered with melted Swiss cheese.  Garnished with tomatoes," instead.)  The red cabbage was blah, nothing special but the side salad was pretty tasty.  

The BF's wurst feast came with a side of mustard sauce for dipping and a huge helping of sauerkraut.  The different wursts were pretty good and the sauerkraut was okay.  (Then again, I think I'm a fan of it on the colder end and crunchy than soggy.)

They were both very generous orders and we had leftovers to go.  We never made it to dessert which was "Bavarian Apple Strudel with vanilla sauce" ($7) and "Black Forest Cherry Cake" ($5).  

Overall, Cafe Heidelberg may probably be more authentic German fare than Hofbrauhaus.  They were recently voted "Best of Las Vegas" for "Other Ethnic Restaurant" again.  So, if you want your German fix, head on over to Cafe Heidelberg, just don't expect the loud music, crazy games, and the long wait of its competitor.

(I added pics of our dinner in the business profile!)
Loved this place a few years back when they had a Chef from the "Fatherland" cooking. He was classically trained in Berlin in one of the finest 5 Star Hotels. He then left and they hired everything in between. From a Mexican chef to 'god knows where' from..... Stopped going. Went back a  week ago after hearing the old Chef is back cooking there and.... guess what, the food is back to where it used to be. Portions are big, tasty and even the soups are homemade. Negatives I have is that the management there really ought to update the interior and also stop raising the prices on the same dishes. Sides go for $4 a piece. Very tourist trappy.... If the Chef leaves again, I go where he is going.
Very disappointing...
My wife & I had lunch here this past weekend, and were really looking forward to it, as we ate here years ago and really liked it.  I don't know why it's so bad now; maybe they've Americanized the food to attract more non-German customers.  But my wife is from Bavaria, and this ain't Bavarian food!
The potato soup had absolutely NO flavor whatsoever.  The jagerschnitzel wasn't breaded normally, and the mushroom gravy wasn't very good.  The sauerkraut tasted like it was served from a can, and NO German restaurant should be serving mashed potatoes!
The only good thing about the place was that they had Franziskaner Heifenweiser, although they were charging $7 a bottle!
And to top things off, their prices are very expensive.  Lunch for two was over $70!
Great German food in a quaint and cozy space. Even though our server was swamped with a table of 12 and appeared to be the only server in the house, service was only a little slow. She recommended a wonderful light German beer, Spaten, which was light, crisp and clean and a great match for our food.  

Being there at 6:30 on a Saturday night, we lucked out and were treated to "live" entertainment which consisted of a keyboard player wearing some sort of German-esque vest.  It was nice enough background music, but over the course of the evening we were amused by the playlist of Hawaiian, Mexican, and Italian tunes, while seeming to lack any German-esque selections.  Odd.

Our meal started with a basket filled with soft marbled-rye bread, which was very good. Unfortunately it was served with fake butter spread imitation product in those cheap little plastic tubs which added nothing more than a little moisture to the bread. Our soup and salad were both very good, flavorful and tasted fresh.  Cafe Heidelberg's house dressing is a light and creamy dill, which I thought needed a little oomph of flavor, but adding salt and pepper seemed to do the trick.

I ordered the Leberkase entree which is something like German spam ... A combo of pork and veal finely ground and formed into a loaf and baked until it has a crispy crust.  Mine was served in the traditional Biergarten style, pan-fried with 2 eggs over easy on top - super nom nom good! Served with warm German potato salad which was nicely seasoned with dill and onions.  Cold cucumber salad was served on the side, which added a cool and light contrast to my hearty and savory Leberkase.  I also couldn't resist a side of spaetzel (little egg noodle dumplings) with gravy because I am a shameless carb slut.  My BF enjoyed his Jaegerschnitzel entree, which was served with a delicious warm red cabbage side and a generous mound of spaetzel.

While neither of us are German, we both enjoyed Cafe Heidelberg's fare and would recommend it to anyone looking for something different, a little fun, and a lot yummy for lunch or dinner.
Cafe Heidelberg was a diamond. No gem, a diamond. Big, sparkly, good cut and color, and at least two carats. Las Vegas has some of the best dining in the world. One of my favorite spots, a strip club that will remain nameless, employs not one, but two Master Sommeliers. Now, there are not but less than two hundred of them in the world, so why does any one place need two of them? I'm not sure, but only in Vegas will you find such a splurge.

With all that said, sometimes you need to let your hair down. Sometimes it's necessary to leave the glitz behind and just find some good home country, motherland, my Oma made it this way, and her Oma made it that way, and dammit that's the way I want it today kind of food.

Cafe Heidelberg is just that kind of spot. In a strip mall, off the strip, and absolutely perfect. Walk in to the Market and take a right into the Bierstube. It's like walking into the basement Bierstube of some mountainside town in Bavaria. Tapestry on the walls? Yes. Dirndl donned bar wench? Yes! Lederhosen sporting accordion player? Oh yeah!

Sarah and I took the bus here from Bellagio for the adventure, and it didn't take long as it's only a few miles off the strip. But well worth the trip. Our tip: take a cab. But after our short adventure in public transport, the large draft Spatens were welcome, and cold.

We ordered a bit of everything as soon as we saw the food on our neighbor's table. It all looked so good! And with half the guests being regulars and speaking thick native German dialects, we ordered more and more. All of it wonderful. Nothing standing out above anything else. 

After singing drinking songs, downing schnapps with John the accordion player, and six beers later, we found ourselves broke (having forgotten our credit cards), payed what we could of the tab, stiffed the waitress, and hoofed it all the way to the strip (Sarah in heels!)...

Now, looking back, feet all blistered and bloody, what does Sarah say about Cafe Heidelberg? When can we go back she asks!

And this time, we'll bring some extra dough to make up for the shoddy tip we left last summer... oops!
Authentic, delicious German food, definitely worth going off the beaten track for!  We had a coupon for 1/2 off a second dinner, but it turned out that on Monday, they have select meals (mostly pork dishes) buy one, get one free!!  My husband and I ordered the Oktoberfest meal (bratwurst and breaded pork, spaetzle, and red cabbage) and the pork schnitzel (breaded) with mushrooms in a wine sauce (Delish!!), and BOY did we get a lot of food!  We even ate it for lunch the next day because it was so much food!  

Cafe Heidelberg requires a keen eye to spot it (it is across a parking lot and kind of behind another building) but it has a big blue awning with big letters so we found it okay.  They were nice enough to serve us even though we came 15 minutes before "closing" - they serve until 8pm, then lock the doors, so it's best to get there 7:30 or earlier.  They have a market in the front, but in the back they have charming little wooden booths and German memorabilia all over the walls.  

Our food came pretty quickly, and it was the best German meal I've had in a restaurant, and it's definitely the best German food in Vegas.  The staff was very nice, and we spoke for quite a while to our server about the shortage of German restaurants in Nevada and California.  

I loved their red cabbage... and the mushroom-covered schnitzel was savory... I hope to go back and try their sauerbraten.  I would have if they hadn't had the 2-for-1 deal on their pork dishes.  I also want to try their sauerkraut.  Gives me a reason to go back!

You can look for the 1/2 off second entree coupon online, or you can go on Mondays to get the 2-for-1 deal, or there's also a feast for 2 for $29.95 -- or just go anytime if price isn't a big deal.  Entrees all run about $26 but they are enough food for 2 meals!  

Overall - great, authentic, hearty food, save a little dough rather than eating at the pricey hotel restaurants on the strip!
I don't understand all the glowing reviews of this place.  The mashed potatoes and gravy were INSTANT and kraut came from a can.  I cannot say enough that for 12.50, someone had better have at least BOILED the potatoes.  Over priced, it deserves to be on Kitchen Nightmares.  Unless we just happed to be there on the one day in their history to have used instant and prepackaged things, I would pass it on by.  Their kitchen has at least 3 microwaves visible from the dining area, and they charge for lunch avg $15 a plate?  No thank you.
I went here a couple of weeks ago and I really expected it to be a lot better. It's crazy expensive for what you get. And I think the owners/servers could benefit from taking the food handlers permit class again. They brought the wrong dishes out to my boyfriend and I. Without thinking my boyfriend removed the tomatoes (with his fingers) from the sandwich then realized and remembered he didn't order a sandwich. When the server/owner came over to fix the situation my boyfriend apologized that he already touched the tomatoes the server picked them up off the table and as he walked away he put them back on the sandwich!!! Who would ever do such a thing!!! Luckily when he served it to the other table something was still wrong because he ended up taking it back to the kitchen. Needless to say I will not be going back to this restaurant,
Add me to the list of fans of this unsophisticated vegas throwback. Located in the same strip mall where Lefty Rosenthal got blown up and lived, this is a slightly divey German restaurant that has excellent weinerschnitzel and a hell of a sausage plat. Things are tough these days, and their market items have dwindled. I think their bar area may be closed for most purposes, and their a little tight with the free bread, but gracious when asked for more. The spaetzl is tops, too. I suggest staying away from hofbrauhaus unless you're looking for a drunkfest and go here instead. There's a of the beaten path German place in Pahrump that's good, too.
Hello my name is ougole I come from germany 5years now I came here to eat with my wife of 50 years. The food here is terible it cost me a marrige . Me and my beautiful wife came in here to eat and food was bad, when I tasted the food it was so bad that I spated it on the wife, she was so mad she yell and kicked me she scream and yell to go to hell this place cost me 107 plus a marriage.
Real old world charm awaits as you open the door to Cafe Heidelberg. Service is friendly, the food is as German as you can possibly get in Las Vegas. Everything is fresh and you can taste the quality and love. Sure it might teeter on the more pricy side with dinner entres between $21-$27, but frequent Gift Certificates from restaurant.com can make the meal prices a real bargain. They also now serve a $4.99 Euro brat, chips and either a beer (Coors unfortunately), or a soft drink in the side bar area. The decor is very quaint and very old world. A gift shop, small grocery, deli, and a respectable choice of beer in the cooler adds to the charm of this place, even if you just browse. Wine selection is so-so. Oh, and the apple strudel-home made, yummy stuff ya. Oh yeah, it's also a great place to come if you want to loose your wife ;-)
Let me start by saying I'm no authentic German food expert at all.  So I don't know how authentic the dishes are.  I like the food pretty well.  Have gone there multiple times.  Love their German potato salad and red cabbage.  

That being said, they get only 3 stars because they are way over priced (go during 2 for 1) for "doctored" dishes.  I asked if they make the potato salad and cabbage from scratch and was told no, that it would take too much preptime and that the cook "doctors" them from premade.  Also our desert was frozen and had to be heated, so not fresh there.  For the prices they ask, they should take the time to prep food from scratch.  But I do still like the taste, they doctor well to me.

Also, our last visit the table clothes under glass top were dirty and our waitress was rudish and rushing us.
very cheerful waitress. talk alot.
the food is okay.  I never had German food so I can't commend on it.
portion is large.
I order a sweet beer, forgot the name. it was good!
This is great German food - without all of the noise and hoopla of the Hofbrauhaus.  My husband is from Germany,and this is where we go when he wants a taste of home.

The staff is friendly and helpful, the portions are huge - so go there when you're hungry!
I don't care what people say, the food was incredible. My German native friend recommended the place. It looks a bit mom and pop, which I'm fine with. There are three spaces here; a bar, a store and the restaurant.  

me and my bf started with 
Bavian Potato Soup - so incredibly good
And a bread dumpling soup - amazing.

Then we shared a Combination Plate #3  for $17.00
Hungarian Debreczinger - rather spicy and good. 
Bockwurst  - ooo soo so so mouth watering good
Knackwurst  - oh so so soft and so good

Our waitress was technically born in Germany but was as american as Apple pie. No biggie, she was sweet and a great hostess!

We bought German Chocolate to take with us, as we were so full.

In writing this review, I realize I have to go back. The food was just that good. And prices were reasonable. Also I found this http://www.citycoups.com/cafeheidleberg.html couple for half off. I'll print it and see if it works. :)
Last night my friends and I went to this German restaurant for the first time. I had read ahead of time that the food was good, but there was a problem with the service. I completely agreed. Two of us ordered the #1 special-Stuffed cabbage roll and pork. It was very good; although next time I would ask for the gravy on the side. It was a little too much for me. The meal came with the potato soup, which was okay. The red cabbage was delicious. I also ordered a side of potato salad that I highly recommend to have them heat up. It was yummy!
Finally for dessert we ordered a piece of the strudel. It was so great! 
The reason for the 4 stars is because there was only one waitress for the whole place. She was very nice, but kept forgetting things. We never got the rye bread basket . 
We will go back with a coupon.
Never again!!
Nobody acknowledges your arrival and you are left kind of hanging at the front door (please wait to be seated sign) until someone finally notices that you are waiting and yells from behind the counter to take a seat anywhere. 
It took 10 minutes to even get a beer ordered (bottled Hoffbrau at $8 for a half liter-ouch, and no imported draft).
The uninspired menu is WAY overpriced for the mediocre quality even if the portions are ample, who cares to eat a bunch of slop.
I've lived and traveled throughout Germany and this restaurant with an owner who obviously doesn't care about customer satisfaction wouldn't survive for 1 year.
I guess if I want to eat German food again in Las Vegas I would have to opt for the Hoffbrau Haus Las Vegas.
Go to Cafe Heidelberg at your own risk-you will most likely be disappointed and overcharged.
Caveat Emptor
I used Retaurant.Com certificates to dine here during my most recent trip to Vegas from Fri. March/25th/2011 to Sun. March/27th/2011.  Since this trip is alll about exotic dining experiences more than sightseeing in Vegas, I chose to experiment this authentic German restaurant.  The location was slightly hard to find, but it turned out that the GPS we had didn't pick up the part weather it was from East or West Sahara Ave.  I would recommend calling the restaurant before you start driving out here.

I ordered Combo Plate #1 with a boiled Bockwurst and veggies as sides.  There were too much veggies that I couldn't finish the plate.  I ordered authentic German coffee prior to the main dish because I was up till 5am in the morning the night before coming in, and the waitress highly recommended me trying their German imported coffee which was extremely strong.  However, this coffee DID serve its purpose of helping me stay awake for as long as I can throughout the day to make the day count while having a blast on the Las Vegas strip later.

My friends ordered other combos, and I also brought in another table of 4----everyone loved their authentic German food----yes, various selections of sausages is what they are famous for.  Of course, you can't have German food without beer; one of my friends ordered another imported beer from Germany and enjoyed it.

At the end of the meal, the waitress recommended us trying their dessert----we had the Germman style apple strudel which gave me the sugar rush---that helped me wake up for another several hours before I needed more coffee to continue staying awake!!!

All in all, my 6 friends and I enjoyed our first experience here at Cafel Heidlberg here off the strip in Las Vegas for the first time.  Once again, our theme of the trip was:  exotic food experience, and this happened to be one of them because I hadn't had German food in a long time.  

Pls. do try if you are in the mood for something unusual.  The decorations inside this cafe were extremely cute and in authentic German designs which were hard to explain because you had to be there to see, but this Cafe also has their own professional business website which you can find by Yahoo!-ing this restaurant's name.

I'm awaiting pictures from friends' camera to add onto this review.  This was a great awesome first experience for me.....
Hope all these details help a great deal!!!
Read all the reviews which included highs and lows but decided to try for myself. Well, I went last night and was not happy with the food. The service was adequate but the "German" food was not what I had several times in Germany. The prices were out of touch for the quality of the food. They were comparable to Hofbrauhaus but the quality was inferior.
This is a cool spot if you're looking for a full-on German experience in a low-key setting. There's plenty of kitschy stuff, German decorations, and staff dressed in traditional German garb. We stopped by for lunch on a Sunday. It wasn't crowded at all -- maybe 4 other people in the whole place -- and were seated right away in a booth towards the back. We had our three year old in tow and the waitress even brought us a box full of toys to keep him occupied. Apparently, the owner brings in her kids toys whenever he out grows them and keeps them in the restaurant in case any other kids want to play with them. That's what I call a family-friendly restaurant!

As for the food... well, I know nothing about German food. I opted for the spaetzle ($11) since it seems to be a popular dish. What came to the table was a large plate overflowing with egg noodles, topped with melted Swiss cheese, and surrounded by sliced tomatoes. For an additional $4 sauteed mushrooms and onions were added to it. The serving was large enough for two, maybe even three people. It was a little on the bland side, despite the toppings, but still tasty.

Their beer list and desserts sounded intriguing (especially the apple strudel) so it may be worth a return visit. You can find coupons on line for buy one, get 1/2 off a second entree at http://www.citycoups.com/cafeheidleberg.html.

3.5 Stars
There are few German restaurants in Las Vegas, In fact this is one of two. The other is the Hofbrauhaus which has a completely different goal in mind (attract tourists)  than this more quaint and authentic German restaurant located away from the busy strip and in a small not too flashy shopping center.  The waitress dressed in a dirndle and spoke German, (and English of course) We sat is a private and cozy booth near the kitchen.  The food was authentic and absolutely to die for!  German or not you will love the food at this wonderful restaurant/deli. I ordered the chicken schnizel and although I think it could have easily fed three adults from my one plate, I ate the entire thing by myself and the mashed potatoes too! Everyone else took half of their meals home and I think ate the left overs for two other meals. I was just so good, I couldn't stop!  After dinner we browsed the market side of the shop and bought some other German treats. They also have neat steins and other non food German decor. Es war köstlich!
Let me start by saying i purchased a $25 gift certificate from Restaurants.Com like many others did previous to going to Cafe Heidlberg. And if your thinking about doing the same you might want to read this review to make sure you dont feel duped after you get your bill. 
The location of the restaurant is very  much out of the way and in a not so desirable location either but sometimes this is where you get the best food. Walking into the place the staff was very friendly and helpful. I have high expectations of German food from a place i use to frequent back home and this was lacking in a few areas. As the dining room was kind of unwelcoming with the way it was setup with glass cases of countless items on display for sale. I feel like if im paying $30 a plate for dinner that i would like to eat in a dining room at the least, instead i felt like i was sitting in a pawn shop. Lets get to the food split pea soup was tasty, bread dumplings were just ok lacking in flavor a bit, the schnitzel was good no doubt and the spaetzle was just ok. The entire mean was kind of ho hum and nothing to really write home about, although i would have gone back except for what happen when i received my bill. 
I did what Restaurants.Com suggests in trying sides, and higher priced dishes because you have your gift certificate. This is where the extra split pea soup and dumplings are ordered which i wouldnt usually do because i already know my portion is going to be huge and fill me up. Most all certificates on Restaurants.Com suggest that anywhere from a 15-20% gratuity is auto added to your bill and i personally am not a fan of this as i should be able to tip my server based on performance and is partially why i even got the Cafe Heidelburg certificate in the first place. So a bill for dinner for two came out to $64 for dinner and two sides and that was AFTER the use of my $25 gift certificate. This was partially because the waitress decided she was going to add 20% for herself regardless if my certificate disclosed that or not. That means that im almost at $90 total bill ($64 + $25= $89) to eat in a pawn shop, and have mediocre food at best. I will not return as this is ridiculous, there are far too many great restaurants where i can have dinner for two for $90 and you feel like it was worth it. $28 dinners for this place? If your even in Seaside, CA go to Stammtisch and enjoy your dinner, service and atmosphere and spend half that. http://www.yelp.com/biz/stammtisch-restaurant-seaside
Cafe Heidelberg, where do I start? The food was very good. I have lived in Germany for a long time and I can say that the food was very authentic. We had a triple course menu with German potato soup (VERY GOOD), schnitzel baked with ham and Swiss cheese, and dessert ( I ordered the Schwarzwaelder Kirchtorte = Black forest cherry cake and my husband had the Apfelstrudel with Vanilla sauce). The entree came with a side of potato salad and spaetzle. Thinking about the warm potato salad makes my mouth water:)
Service was good. She over spilled my husband's beer... He almost cried lol Beers were imported and brought back some memories. All in all, I think this place is a little too pricey. Ok. the portions are big, but honestly I would rather have smaller portions and pay less for it. I still have my restaurant.com coupon that I couldn't use that day, because they only work on the normal entrees and not the special menu. Might go back, not sure yet...
Had lunch after the real lunch hours were over and owner still made us German potato pancakes. I thought she was very nice and food was very good and authentic. Im sure the dinner would be great.
I love German food and always have trouble finding affordable and authentic German fare.  Cafe Heidelberg's menu covers a wide range of food and styles and is also affordable, for those other reviewers complaining about the entree prices I will tell you that as someone who visits many German restaurants an entree cost of $15-$30 is MORE than reasonable.
If you are interested in checking out this place I would suggest going to Restaurants.com and catch a gift certificate when they are running specials.
Our usual dining group went to the cafe this week. We ordered a variety of dishes and ate family style. My favorites were the rolled cabbage and the dumplings. The red cabbage and sauerkraut were good, but the potatoes and spatzel were just okay. The wiener schnitzel was over cooked and dry. The desserts were excellent.
I've been here dozens of times and this restaurant is one of those where I'll keep returning, if only for the schnitzel on a bun.

Granted, their spaetzle is bland on its own.. all noodles are.. so I like to confound the staff by ordering a size of spaetzle with saurbraten sauce.. so yummy!  I do love the saurbraten meal, but I realized it's the sauce that I love about it mostly.

Their warm potato salad and red cabbage side dishes are always on my order, love them both.

But, back to my schnitzel on a bun.. they only have it on their lunch menu but you can order it any time you want.  As a refugee from Iowa, I grew up on pork tenderloin sandwiches.. this is as close to the Iowa experience as I've found.  You eat it like a burger, and choose your toppings accordingly.  My only complaint is the mustard... as a German restaurant, they only have the brown mustard as an option.  But, mustard aside, it's something that I have to have periodically and only Cafe Heidelberg can fix this craving.

Oh, and my German husband?  Yes, he LOVES this restaurant and absolutely everything on their menu.  :-)
Our monthly dining group picked Cafe Heidelberg for dinner before one of our events.  It was my first time ever trying German food, although I've seen plenty on Food Network and Travel Channel.

There was 5 of us and we decided on sharing 4 entrees, the Farmer's Plate, The Schnitzel combo, Rinderrouladen and Cabbage rolls, all about $28+ each, kinda steep, I know...

Out of the 4 entrees, my favorite was the cabbage rolls, it was moist and flavorful.  The other dishes were just okay.  The deep fried pork was slightly dry.  I think my favorite thing about the meal was the red cabbage.  Their sauerkraut was good too but the red cabbage was delicious!

For desert, we got two apples strudels and the chocolate cherry cake.  The strudels were good, but that chocolate cake was AWESOME, not too sweet.

Overall, food was good, but would I return? Hmm, not sure, maybe if someone invited me =)
Achtung dieses Essen ist gut! 

Better food than the Hofbräuhaus Las Vegas, It has that HOME feel to it.. 
-TIME 
There was only one waitress but the place was not that busy at the time we arrived, she did take care of us (table of 5) in an expedient manner and kept checking on us from time to time. 
-TASTE 
It was nicely crafted food, not salty or bland we shared the the Farmer's Plate, The Schnitzel combo, Rinderrouladen and Cabbage rolls and they were all great with that home taste although the breaded pork was slightly dry due to overcooking I still ate it....I usually hate cabbage but here was excellent, I would go back and eat just that because its that good, the red cabbage was superb. 
I wont give you a review on each dish because I forgot what was called what.... but I do remember that their pasta was not interesting at all. everything else was great. 
-CLEANLINESS 
The place was clean as expected, the restaurant sits in an older building and it shows but overall I liked the quaint little hole in the wall place it sits in, request a booth because it seats in a more private area than on the front, the front tables feel like sitting at an old cafe/ truck stop type place. 

-THE RUNDOWN 
For the experienced and inexperienced palate, this place will bring you home, great service and great food...a bit pricey but worth it. Don't forget to try their many German Beers, they have a good selection.
Meh...not really sure what the hype was. It was decent food, with large portions but nowhere near worth the $100 our bill came to after two beers and two entrees. We both ordered Franziskaner's and I had the classic schnitzel (I can't remember what my husband had). 

Everything about this place was average, except for maybe that it's one of the few truly German restaurants in Vegas. The beer selection was great, but I would hope it would be. The red cabbage was yummy, and the potatoes had potential but I don't like onions so I can't really be impartial there.

I don't think I would eat here again...
Cute little place! We came here with a restaurant.com coupon. The service was extremely friendly, helpful, and attentive. We ordered to entrees and split a strudel for dessert. The entrees were a bit pricey but the portions were huge. The decor was awesome and really made the atmosphere fun. My favorite part was the store attached to the restaurant (which also sells the wonderful strudel). I will be back for that strudel.
My wife is not really sure what the hype was, but I love this place. It has more than decent food, with large portions but nowhere near worth the $100 our bill came to after two beers and two entrees (which is why I knock off that last star).

We both ordered Franziskaner's and my wife had the classic schnitzel while I have an interesting dish of which the name I cannot remember. It was some sort of meat stuffed with something. It was good, I wish I didn't sound like an idiot describing it. 

The first time I came, without the wife, I had the farmer's plate and it was EXCELLENT but there was so much food I couldn't even finish it all.

Everything about this place is great. Everything is authentic and made from scratch, and I've had the same waitress both times I've come and she is just great. 

The atmosphere is great too, but make sure you go passed the deli and into the actually restaurant area (when you enter the store/deli go left and then right around the corner), because otherwise you'll miss out on the experience. The beer selection was great, but I would hope it would be. And all of the food is excellent.

I will come here again whenever I get a chance. Too bad it's not a little closer to home (we're in the Northwest).

Either way, definitely go here but beware the prices. They will stack up if you aren't careful.
Okay so this is the best German restaurant I think I've been to so far. It's not in the best part of Vegas but it's so much better than Hoffbrauhaus that it's worth a visit. It's a tiny little restaurant with a market/deli adjacent.

We went for dinner and even though we got there shortly before closing (we didn't know they closed so early), the waitress was very friendly and happy to serve us. She even let us mill around the market after dinner...no kicking us out so she could rush home.

My husband and I ordered from the Chef's special menu and we each got a different type of schnitzel...ALL of them were fabulous! I also got the stuffed cabbage and that was also quite yummy. The portions were so large we had enough leftover for two more meals! We each also ordered a different soup and mine was so yummy, my preschooler bogarted it and chowed down! I barely got 3 spoonfuls out of it. The red cabbage was delish and the spaetzle was soooo buttery and it practically melted in your mouth! For dessert, we shared the chocolate mousse pie and a homemade apple strudel a la mode. YUMMY!

Needless to say, by the time we left, I felt like a stuffed cabbage.
Well, just read all the rave reviews, and wonder if they don't get out much.  My husband and I went to Cafe Heidelberg for the second time tonite, mostly because we had a $20 coupon from Entertainment book, and we were seeing a show at the Riviera which is just down the street.  I didn't really like the place the first time, but that was quite a while ago, so thought we would try it again.  I had cabbage soup to start and hubby had salad.  He said the salad dressing was very good, but my soup was bland.  I added lots of salt and pepper.  I got sauerbraten and he got a combo of wiener schnitzel and some other kind of meat, which he thought was beef.  Potato dumpling was not worth the calories, red cabbage was so vinegary I had to sprinkle a little sugar on it to get it down, and my three skinny slices of pork were very soft and tasted undercooked, except for the gravy, which was pretty good.  We each had 2 German beers, and split an apple strudel for dessert, which was also pretty good, but then the bill came.Total came to almost exactly $100, less the $20 coupon.  This is cafe food, not gourmet, and a very casual atmosphere, definitely not even close to worth $100.  Our server, Clarissa, did a decent job.  Not overly attentive, but got the job done.  But we definitely will NOT be going back.  I'm not crazy about Hofbrauhaus either, but at least they have good beer and fun entertainment.
GERMAN FOOD FOR A PRICE =) well the food here was amazing the potato salad was to die for and the main course of  breaded ham which was amazing.....the price was a little crazy but worth it if you want some authentic german food!
Wish I had seen these reviews before going. I will keep it simple. In my opinion this place is a total rip-of as far as the prices charged and the quality/authenticity of the food served. I must say the portions were large, but i guess they have to get rid of the stuff somehow.
Yummmmm, tastes like home! Kraut is actually cooked an ever so lightly sweet; the way it's meant to be. Not that cold bitter stuff slipped out of a jar. The wurst are wonderful; fatty and flavorful with a skin that snaps and spurts juicy glory down your throat, inviting you to slake your blooming thirst with an icy beer (the spaten is well worthwhile).

The strudel was sweet and hot and ooey gooey and delicious. Salad that came with the meal was meh but tasty; the soups my friends had looked much better.

The atmosphere is pure homey kitsch. Think goofy Wisconsin cheese shack. Octoberfest brauhaus. You're there. 

And the true mark of any german cafe in america; you can buy a beer boot. Win.

Love it, will be back soon, and bringing fussy family.
I was so disheartened to learn that this wonderful little gem is "temporarily closed" after 40 years of it being in town.  This place was the only German place in town that wouldn't cost you an arm and a leg.  They staff was nice, and would recognize you.  They had the best Jagerschnitzel I've ever had, and some of the best brats.  It's truly a sad thing to see them go.
Such a shame this place closed.   A greedy landlord forced the tenant out and has had an empty building on his hands since.  

The food was awesome and the ambiance was very Munich.   I will miss this place.
While I was in Mesa on a business trip, my hotel gave me a list of restaurants in the area. When I saw that there was a local German restaurant, I HAD to go (my dad is from Germany, and I loooove German food). This place is neat because when you walk in, you're standing in a hallway. If you go left, you end up in the restaurant, or if you go right, you're headed towards the bar. Either one worked for me, but I was hungry. 

You seat yourself here, so don't stand around and wait to be seated - you'll be standing there forever. When I chose my seat, I was greeted with a basket of warm (delicious) bread and a glass of water. Good start! I ended up ordering a bowl of soup and the salmon (way to go for authenticity, Nicole! Oops!). The soup was a celery soup with a creamy beef broth base. I've never had anything like it, but it was awesome! The salmon was to die for. I wish I could vouch for some of the more authentic German dishes, but I'm a seafood lover. Sorry!

Either way, I don't see how they could make *any* bad food. Everything I saw looked delicious, and my food was great.

**Update**
I went back in July (another business trip)... and had the salmon again. D'oh! I know, I know... sorry!! lol BUT!! I DID take an order of bratwurst and sauerkraut back to my hotel room with me to heat up later, and it was awesome! Soo good :D
it's been years since i went, but it was really, really cool. the setting is exactly what you'd expect from an authentic German rest., it was dark with lots of wood, very old world style.
this was the first place i tried frog legs (isn't that a French thing?) but they have tons of great food.
My friends and I keep coming back to Bavarian Point for one main reason - the beer.  The beer selection isn't anything mind-blowing (although it's not bad either), but the fact that you can order 1-liter beers that come in enormous beer glasses larger than your head is a novelty we can't find much of anywhere else.  Oh yeah, and the food's good too, so that doesn't hurt.

We've been a few times now and always have a great time.  I personally feel the food is a little on the expensive side at around $20 an entree, but that's not too pricey.  Most of the food is very good, although I've had one or two things that I would put into the "just okay" category.  They also have lots of dinner specials every night, so if you don't see anything on the menu that appeals to you they might have a special that you'd like better.  Dinner also comes with a pretty well-stocked salad bar, so that's a plus.

Service is always excellent - we generally end up talking to our server for awhile when we're here (blame the 1-liter beers) and they're always really friendly and outgoing.

Recommended.
I was born and raised in Germany.  I came here last night to entertain my boyfriend and his family.  We showed up at about 6:45 pm and I don't believe we were served before 7:45 pm.  The restaurant was packed as was the bar (which surprised me for being in that part of Mesa), so we seated ourselves in the bar, where we each had a drink.  $21 bucks, not bad for four.  I had my "dreckigen" (the 'dirty'), or "coke-beer" for those who don't know, and it was refreshing.  They serve you in large glasses too but the beer is so smooth, it really goes down easy. 
When we were seated and looked at the menu, none of us could decide on one thing.  It all looked great and of course, by now we were just starving.  We each made an order, I got the "Schweinebraten" (Pork with dumplings and sauerkraut).  
We were then served bread and asked to help ourselves at the full salad bar.  The salad bar had lots to offer, and certainly helped to hold us over for dinner. 
I was a little embarassed how long it finally took to get our food.  It's pretty custom to have to wait for your meals in Germany.  When you order, you must expect a wait of at least 30 minutes but I wasn't accustomed to that anymore (call me americanized!).  But fortunately everyone was fine (thanks to the great bread and salad bar) and we weren't in a rush. 
Once dinner finally came (and the restaurant started to clear out slowly), everyone seemed happy with their dish.  I really should have ordered a Schnitzel, the pork was too 'smokey' for me, and the dumplings were not the kind I enjoy, but if you enjoy pork, you should be able to enjoy this dish.  I was trying to be 'different' and go for something 'new' but usually there is a reason why you like what you like and why you should probably stick to what you like ;)
Point is, we all had a good time, the plates were big, we went home with left overs, I think it was a nice experience and I do recommend it.

Just make sure you get the Schnitzel or Wurst next time ;)
My husband took me here for mothers day. I had been craving sauerbrauten It was pretty good but not the best german restarant I have ever been to. My family is german/polish so I grew up eating really great german food probably the reason I am so picky. I ordered the Sauerbrauten it was good but not the same sourness I am used to. Also the dumplings were different then I was used to. I guess if I want it to taste like Grandpas I will have to keep making it myself. I know food to a certain extent is all about personal taste and the food was good just different than what I am used to is all.They give you good size portions so don't wear that form fitting outfit if you go.The beer I ordered was very good. I can't remember the name, the server suggested it. The only thing I would caution is if you have limited time you may want to go another day. They are definitely on the slower side at getting out your order.We almost missed our movie because of it. All in all I would go back. as making my grandpas recipes takes alllll day
This was my first German food experience. I was hesitant at first, but after we went, I was impressed. I had the Fried cornish game hen and it was yum with a side of Spaetzle and I could have had a whole plate of that! I haven't gone back but I need to.
The food is decent, I've had German food in Germany and this place is really close.  I had the jagerscnitzel and it is pretty tasty.  The lingonberry crepes are really good, they are huge, could be a meal.  Nice selection of German beers and German wine.  The lettuce on the salad bar is lacking, but the rest was good.  The place is overall clean looking but don't look up.  The amount of cobwebs on the chandeliers and cords was grossing me out, also, please wash the walls by the booths.
Possibly the most underrated cuisine out there, German food is full flavored, and Bavarian does not disappoint.  3 friends and I went for dinner on a Thursday.  At 6:30 there was plenty of seating room, the place was clean and the service was prompt.  We got 1 lamb shank, 1 pork shank and sausage platter with 3 different sausages.  Everything was really good, I liked the lamb shank the best.  Although I was only able to eat half of my meal, the german potatoes (much better than the mashed potatoes) went great with a couple eggs the next morning, and the remainder of the shank and sauerkraut  will be gone tonight!  I will be back to try the goulash.  If it's as good as everything else, I'll be bumping them up to 5 stars.
Bavarian Point shares a street address with another German restaurant, but this one is at the far end of a long row of shops and eating placesand is by far the more upscale of the two.

The meal does not start out auspiciously. Your entree comes with a choice of soup or salad bar. The salad bar  comprised a motley bunch of limp stomach stuffers, so we opted for the soup of the day, which apparently always turns out to be a rather tasteless celery soup. How about giving us a choice of ordering the Goulash soup, even for a buck or two supplement? 

Things greatly improved when the main courses arrived. My brother got the special of the day, an overflowing platter of half a meaty duck with spaetzle. Since I love spaetzle, I offered to relieve him of the excess. They were good!
I ordered a house special called Bauernschnaus. This included tender pork roast, a beef roulade,  a very tasty smoked pork loin, a gigantic but light dumpling, and red cabbage, which I requested in lieu of mashed potatoes (how stuffed can you get?). Excellent choices all around.

Everything was washed down with several of their fine choices of draft German beers, available in three sizes. I needed the 34 ounce Dark Wartsteiner to rightfully polish off my platter. 

Waitress, dressed in Bavarian getup, was  helpful, the ambience  pleasant, and the noise level very moderate.  Some work on the soup selection and/or  salad bar would increase the rating here. I'll check back next time I'm in Phoenix  and let you know.
I would give the food 4-5 stars, the restaurant and service 2 stars.

The food was super yummy - my Gram, a German foodie was super satisfied.  The 

When we arrived for lunch at the restaurant, we waited for about 10 minutes before we were seated (there was only was other customer at the restaurant when we arrived).  We were told to pick our table and once we did we noticed how dirty the place was.  There was a layer of dust on all of the lamp shades, a layer a grime on the walls, oil stains on the table cloth and a flat out used/dirty plate with butter and crumbs on it.  Later, when my 5yo daughter dropped her napkin under the table - she went down to get it and came out with another dirty napkin and some empty wrappers from crackers.
This is probably actually a 3 1/2 star review, but I'm throwing in the extra half-star because this is actual German cuisine, and that is increasingly rare. Some of the food is prepared with a heavy hand (i.e., a bit overcooked, flavors not as bright and distinctive as one would like) and the portions can be a bit overwhelming. Nevertheless, our large group of family and friends that tried this place for the first time walked away (or I should say, waddled) quite satisfied.

Highlights: Good beer selection, friendly staff, extensive menu with the emphasis on meat and pork, stick-to-your-ribs German comfort food, gemütlichkeit (ambience).

Lowlights: A long wait to be seated, even though seating was available and I had called well in advance to put in a reservation.

I just had to try the Gulaschsuppe (Hungarian gulash soup) because I have such found memories of it from Germany. It was a meal in itself and had much more stew meat than I was expecting. It did deliver on flavor, however, with just enough paprika-forward peppery goodness. Best to share this if you are saving room for an entree.

For my entree, I had the Bauernschmaus ($17.95): combination of pork roast, roulade and smoked pork served with sauerkraut, dumpling and mashed potatoes. This seemed like the best "sampler platter" to satisfy my desire to try an array of flavors. The roulade is "beef roll", or a thin cut of beef stuffed with pickles, onion and bacon. The pork roast and smoked pork were a bit overcooked, but I realize this is how pork is traditionally cooked (unlike nowadays, where trichonosis is not an issue, so you can actually serve it a bit rarer). The sauerkraut and mashed potatoes were just o.k. This was a monstrous plate of food, most of it meat!

Others at the table weighed in with satisfied yummy sounds upon digging into their tasty meals. These included the Wurst Peanne ($13.95): polish sausage, bratwurst, knackwurst served in a pan with sauerkraut and fried potatoes; and the Forsterkotelett ($15.95): sauteed pork chops covered with portobellos and mushrooms, served with herb potatoes, bacon (green) beans and applesauce. Although the schnitzel (breaded pork cutlet) covered half a plate, it looked a little less crispy than what I would have preferred.

All in all, you get a solid German meal experience here. If I had come with fewer people, I would have shared more and maybe ordered fewer entrees (since many can feed two). But mom was throwing down the plastic and it had been a while since I overindulged, so we all let our German appetites run wild.

If you can only eat one meal today, you will be über-satisfied with a meal from Bavarian Point. Prost!
A friend enlightened me to this place on Memorial Day.  They were open...so that was a good start.  I'm a sucker for good German food (but quick to be annoyed by German slop claiming to be good food).  

The Goodness:  They were open on Memorial Day, that's a good start.  $5.50 0.5liter beers is another good starting point (I got a tasty hefeweizen myself).  We both had one of their off menu specials, the Lamb Loin.  It came out green beans that were mixed up and cooked with bacon and fried up and potatoes that appear to have been fried up in Parmesan cheese or something.  They were all sitting in this tasty dark liquidy gravy next to this perfectly cooked and seasoned lamb loin. The lamb loin did require a knife to cut it up...but it was still very tender.  Tender and tasty.  I can't quite describe what it tasted like.  It is kind of like a good roast, but better.  

The Meh/Bad:  While the barkeep/waitress was nice enough....we were pretty much the only people sitting at the bar.  Having to wait about 10 minutes before seeing anyone was kind of blah.  Add to that when my friend asks the lady if they have any "lunch specials" she rattles off their list of "specialties" (off-menu "specialties").  We were unaware that we had this much of a misunderstanding...until the bill came...then we were keenly aware.  Not sure anything "on-menu" was that expensive.  It cost each of us $30 for the meal and a beer ($5.50 for a half liter of good German beer is pretty good though).  

Conclusion:  This place is worth the visit.  Authentic and good German food.  You do have to suffer the service though....which maybe our experience was unusual...but it really could've been a lot better.
Tonight we had dinner for 4 at the Bavarian Point Restaurant. This is one of those classic Mesa strip mall restaurants that almost every non-chain restaurant is forced to be located in. The strip mall is pretty weak, plus the fact that the strip mall is located in eastern Mesa / Apache Junction, which makes it a little rough to look at to start with. 

The insides are definitely old. This place surely caters to the elderly patrons that live in the area. The chairs are wobbly and the vinyl of the booths if fading and cracked. The lights are from the 60, or 70's at best, but I'm not sure if that's just because the place is old, or because it's some sort of German theme. 

The menu is a little pricier than expected: about $15 - $20 for most entrées. We asked the waitress to recommend something. She spouted off about 10 things, but everything was in German and we still had no idea what to order. When she came back for our order we just pointed at our dishes and hoped for the best. 

I ordered the Weinerschnizel, which I don't think I've ever had. It wasn't at all what I expected. I was thinking it was some type of sausage / bratwurst type dish. The dish came with what they called fries, but they were basically baked potato chips, but they were quite good. The weinerschnizel was pretty good too. I ordered the veal version, as opposed to the pork. 

My brother ordered a sausage dish which was fantastic. 3 large sausages, pork, beef, and veal. We weren't sure which one was which, but I'm pretty sure I really liked the pork and beef sausages, but the veal one was a little dry. 

My sister-in-law ordered a walnut crusted chicken dish. She is prenant so she ended up drenching it with lemon juice to bring out the flavor so by the time I tried it, it was a little hard to swallow. 

My wife ordered a great beef dish that was very, very moist. It came with the same delicious 'fries' that came with my dish, as well as a red cabbage Sauerkraut which was decent, but had a minor beet flavor to it. It came with crisp onions and was fantastic.

Overall we enjoyed the food, but it was a little pricey and I'm not sure we will make it back soon, but it was worth a shot.
I come from a very long line of amazing German cooks. 
Bavarian is the only place I have found that holds a candle to moms cooking. The food is very authentic and super tasty. The specials are always great. I prefer to sit in the bar area instead of the dining room. 
I sometimes just stop by here for a great German beer. The clientele is very diverse, but there are definitely a lot of regulars. 
Don't let the exterior fool you. This place is good. Hope to see you there. 

Prost!!
Other than the long wait to be seated, the restaurant is great. The food was delicious.
I can't believe the other reviews I have read, it's like I went to a completely different restaurant. Lets start from the beginning, as we walked into the restaurant I was greeted by our soon to be waitress smoking a cigarette two feet from the door. Appetizing. Then after being seated and getting some pretty tasty bread I went to the salad bar.  YIKES!  Can you say e-coli?  This also brings me to the word of the night was luke-warm.  This applied to my husbands beers, to the salad bar and to the food that took an hour to be served.  Did I mention that I was served the wrong food.  And not just a little wrong but completely a different dish.  After I recieved what I actually ordered I decided to stick with the bread.  The beef was a salt lick, and the dumpling was as solid as a brick.  This place was such a disappointment.  I felt sick after leaving and needless to say I will not be back.
I took my parents to Bavarian Point on word of mouth. I should have used YELP!   I am sad to report that this was the worst experience I've ever had. From the moment we walked in - there was a lack of attention. I honestly thought it was a seat yourself type of place, because there was NO ONE, NO ONE in the front to great you. Now, I've never been to a German restaurant and it can be a bit overwhelming. I don't know what the hell to order! It made it worse that the menu was in German, I get that I am in a German place, but last I knew - we aren't taught German in school and when the person came around to take our order, I swear it was at least 30 min. Terrible!  While we were waiting for our mystery food my mom found a baby roach on the table! She trapped it under her water glass that was empty, due to lack of service - but THAT WAS IT!  We walked out - we had to... 

All I can say is Good Luck to you if you eat there! May there not be any roaches in your food or table!

PROST!
This place is FANTASTIC!   The food is truly top of the line.  My favorite German dish, the sausage sampler, is done better here than at any other German restaurant I have been to in the U.S., and I have been to a handful, and always order the same thing(s).  The salad bar is exceptional  as well.  It always has some of the best potato and macaroni salad around in addition to fresh fruit and a variety of salad ingredients and dressings.
The food is 5 star quality; however I have been coming here for 25 years and the decor has not changed - it is getting a bit tired looking.  I would take away a star for the decor if the food wasn't so darn yummy.

The food is AMAZING!  My favorite is the jaeger schnitzel and I highly recommend it. The soups change daily and I have never had a bad soup - even soups that I normally don't care for are wonderful here.  I always get the soup instead of the salad bar because you can eat salad anywhere, right?

If you are a vegetarian, this is NOT the place for you! 
If you are watching your caloric intake, this is NOT the place for you!  

You know how they say you eat Chinese food and 30 minutes later you're hungry? When you eat German food, 72 hours later you are hungry!  German food is heavy and rich.
I love German food, and as far as the food went at Bavarian Point, they had some good eats. The *only* reason I'm giving the restaurant two stars instead of one is the food. Their rindsroulade was very good, and the red cabbage and spaetzle were excellent. But the quality of the food was undercut by the poor service. It was bad enough that I wouldn't return, and certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone else. As others have noted, there was no-one to greet or seat us -- not even a sign saying "seat yourself". Our waitress took a LONG time to make it to our table to take our drink orders, and when she did, she was complaining about something and looked put-out in general. When my wife ordered a beer, the waitress told her that it would be more expensive because it wasn't available on tap. Now, that could be useful information, but the manner in which she told my wife was defiant rather than helpful. Believe me, we gave her no reason to be so sour --  it was clear that this particular waitress was clearly unhappy -- whether with her job or life, it's hard to say. It's too bad, really, because the food *was* good. But why would anyone want to eat at a restaurant whose workers are either nowhere to be found, or miserable? Not me.
The food here was amazing.  Rare to find such high quality authentic food.  I would say don't go in there if you are in a hurry, but I actually found it to be refreshing to not be shoved in and shoved out.  The place is not a chain, which means that it's not going to be polished shined (and utterly crap) but is a place focused on making you great food in a comfortable environment.  The live accordion player was a really nice touch as well.
I've been going here for quite a while, somehow I think this place is going down hill quick.

Salad bar as always was kind of odd looking.  As always it was somewhere between mediocre and average. 

I had the sausage plate.  Sausage good, potatoes good, red cabbage good.

Wife had jager schnitzel (or however it's spelled).  Schnitzel was as tough as leather.  Sauce and mushrooms were good however.  Spatzel...well it was spatzel.

We ordered desert...apple strudel.  Bleh!  In the past it was pretty good.  This time almost on the edge of not worth eating.

A couple of other points...

- Some one mentioned the ratty ceiling tile.  It's still there

- I've noticed it before and just thought it was a one off thing...but for some reason they like to leave a vacuum cleaner in the dining room

- There's like two german restaurants on the east side of the valley...and they're both in the same parking lot.  How did that happen?

To be sure this place is in decline, maybe I need to go across the parking lot next time.
Very bad food!
I spent 6 years in Germany and my buddy who was with me Friday night is German.
We absolutely loved the food. I had the lamb shank with the jäger (mushroom) gravy with the fried potatoes and red cabbage. A little Asbach to wash it down. Delicious.
My buddy had the Bauernschmaus which he loved. Made him a little homesick. 
The owner, Werner came out and said Guten Aben to everyone and asked how the food was. Just, a great experience.
I visited on New Year's Day hoping to find the traditional sauerkraut and sausage my parents used to make to start the new year. I did check out the Yelp reviews first and noted two restaurants in the same parking lot. I had a coupon for the other one, but discovered it was closed. The read the reviews for Bavarian Point and initially was hesitant. The overall star rating was slightly above average, but upon further review most of the very good reviews were old. The reviews from the past two years were poor-low, but I risked it and went inside. 

One of the negative comments from other reviews stated the service was slow. It took a lot of time to be greeted and there wasn't a sign saying "please seat yourself". Both of these appear to have been addressed as there was a sign, I picked a table, and was immediately helped by what I presumed was the owner. It wasn't very busy when I arrived - only one table of three older ladies. As I stayed for my meal a few more small groups arrived.

I ordered the Wurst Pfanne - which was exactly what I was looking for (only more of it): polish sausage, Bratwurst, and Weisswurst served with sauerkraut and fried potatoes. The meal also came with my choice of salad bar or noodle & vegetable soup. I went with the soup and ordered a Spatan Dunkel to wash it all down.  The soup arrived quickly as did a free order of bread. 

When the food arrived it was a large portion, garnished with Alf alpha sprouts, tomato, and a side of spicy mustard. For $15.95 it was more than I would typically spend on a lunch, but there was plenty of food to bring home. The beer was $5 and even though I didn't eat half of my meal I went for dessert too (another $5.50). They have apple strudel, but I went with cake. German chocolate is my favorite, but the server talked me into Black Forest. She said she liked German chocolate, but after having Black Forest she hasn't returned. This was good, but afterwards I would probably stick with German chocolate. 

Overall the experience was good - the service was efficient, there restaurant had a nice appearance, and the food was excellent. I would probably give it another try.
Absolutely LOVE this place.   Authentic German food.
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!!! 

We have been driving by this place for years and finally decided to try it out. It was bluntly a WASTE of a date night. We arrived at 7:30pm, and after four different wait staff simply looked at us and kept going about whatever they were doing we decided to leave. As soon as we opened the door we were told a table was ready but the busboy. We should have kept walking out the door, but unfortunately decided to give the place a try even though we were never greeted. 

Once we were seated the waitress took our drink and appetizer order. The coffee was horrible, and the ice tea was flavorless even with lemon. The salad bar was pathetic and the soup was mediocre at best. We placed our order within ten minutes of being seated. Thirty minutes later the waitress came by to ask if we would like dessert. We hadn't even received our dinner yet and she was asking if we wanted dessert!! I told her this, and 15 minutes later we received our plates. By this time our frustration level with the experience was quite high, and we immediately asked for carry-out containers. 

The potatoes from dinner taste like boxed potatoes and not seasoned well. I ordered something with rolled beef with carrots and pickle in it. It could have tasted good if the meat wasn't dried out. 

I'm 3/4 German but didn't grow up eating German food, so it this is an Authentic German eating experience I am forever thankful for my American food upbringing.

This was an unpleasant experience on every level, although I will say our server was nice even if the service wasn't. The $55 bill was definitely a cruel joke for such tasteless, and crappy experience.
Rating is based on one weekend lunch.  The place was mostly empty.  There was a sign that told customers to seat themselves.  
There was a pleasant friendly waitress.  Leek soup was hearty and flavorful.  Warm crispy white baguette straight out of the oven. Wienerschnitzel with Bratkartoffel was good, not great, and was huge.  Sauerbraten was decent.  Booth seating available, comfortable.  Scenes from Germany on the walls.  Music varied from German pop to nondescript American.
Would try them again if in the area, perhaps the traditional Herring and dill offering with boiled potatoes.
I would give them 5 stars for the food.  I was stationed in Schweinfurt, Bayern (Bavaria) and the food here at Bavarian Point is just as good as it was in Deutschland.  Their veal Cordon Bleu is the best I've ever had.  Everything made fresh, by hand, filled with flavor, and is decently priced.

I, unfortunately, must agree with the other raters re: decor and cleanliness.  The interior needs a complete overhaul.  Not saying that the structure is about to fall down--but there are quite a few aesthetic items that really need to have some $ pumped into them.

Service is decent--not top-notch, but never rude.  We usually arrive right when they open so that we receive "full attention."  The times we have been there when the bar has been full usually result in more attention being paid to the drinkers than the eaters.  So we time our visit accordingly.

Their desserts are phenomenal.  Can't say enough about that.

So my thought would be that if you're looking for top-notch food and are not that concerned with decor and service, you ought to check them out--they are more than authentic.  If service is a deal-breaker, maybe go somewhere else.
Excellent food, a relaxed atmosphere, large portions, and outstanding desserts.

For those of you that need someone to come along and tell you where to sit, how to order, how to sit, what to eat, etc. on your "date night".....go to Starbucks and get yelled at......leave the seats for someone more appreciative.
I lived in Germany for three years so I can expertly review this :-). Food was delicious, portions were huge, salad bar was beyond fresh and lots of variety to include German specialties. Would def go back again.
Solid food.  The waitstaff didn't seem to know a lot about the food or the beer though.
I'll make this simple. Not worth the money. As a 20+yr flight attendant I have eaten at many restaurants around the world. If you are a connoisseur of international fare then you will be sadly disappointed here. My boyfriend had the Veal Cordon Bleu. I had a sample of it. A 13 year old could have made it. A piece of pounded veal with swiss cheese and ham folded over and breaded. Then deep fried or pan fried. Bland. No spices. Blah. I had the stroganoff. The beef was dry. The side of mixed vegetables tasted of freezer burn. The waitress took our order. Delivered our drinks. Brought our meals and refilled drinks. Then never came back to check on us. We were finished for about 10 minutes before she came back to our table. We each ate approximately 3 or 4 bites  of our food. Our plates were still full. She asked if we needed "to go" boxes. We said no. You would think a waitress would then question us about the meal for feedback. Not her. She came back with our check about 5 minutes later. Lastly, the  salad bar is nothing to write home about. There is a german restaurant off of Indian School in Phoenix that does circles around this place.
I go here once a year for a friend's birthday dinner (his chosen tradition). The food is very good with authentic choices for those actual Germans who accompany us on this pilgrimage. The service is friendly and attentive if a little unpredictable (you never know what type of beer the waitress who has apparently worked there for 25 years will bring you - ha!). Definitely worth a visit if you are in this area. The pepper steak with spaetzle is really delicious.
I had the Tiroler Gröstl, a sampler of diced meats with German style potatoes. It was a tad salty for my usual taste, but overall very well prepared and seasoned. Service was very slow, and I had to wait much longer than usual for drink refills and general table service.  

Overall assessment: Good food, dated decor, and waitresses leave much to be desired when it comes to attentiveness.  I would go back and back and try something new, in hopes that the lacking service was due to an off night and not normal operations.
My boyfriend is German and this is his favorite German restaurant. That being said, a few years ago I would have rated this place at 4 or 5 stars. Now, not so much. We went in a week ago and ordered our favorite, the goulash, and it was clearly not fresh just rezapped in the microwave. The flavor was excellent, but you could tell it wasn't freshly made, it was more like several days old. We also had the brautwurst sandwiches which were good as you can't really screw up brautwurst. I couldn't finish all of mine as it is 2 brautwursts with grilled onions and bread. 

The positives: The food is good, reasonably priced and a good amount of it for the money.

The negatives: The beer taps run foamy alot, the sound system plays european radio that has nothing to do with Germany or even German music and the place is FILTHY!
Someone needs to take a firehose to the place and clean it out! Don't look at the fabric lampshades hanging over the bar or you will be so grossed out, you won't be able to eat.
Sunday night was our Anniversary & we wanted to go out for supper.  Our favourite German Restaurant was closed, so we decided to try the Bavarian Point.  All was good, as far as seating, greeting & getting our drinks & order.  As we were eating our bread, a large beetle (cockrach?) started crawling up the salt shaker.  My husband took his napkin & squished it & held it until we were able to get the waitress attention & gave it to her & explained what it was.  She was appologetic.  I wanted to leave, but my husband didn't want to make a scene & said we would wait to see how she handled the situation.

The salad bar was good, but the Jaegerschnitzel was not a Schnitzel, but a thin tasteless pork steak in a very thin mushroom gravy.  The spatzel was ok, but lacked seasoning.  The Weinerschnitzel was good, but the German fries were just french fries.  The menu that is online is much more embelished & is not the same as in the one in the restaurant.  

When the waitress brought the bill, we asked what she did about the bug - if she looked at it or showed it to anyone.  She said "oh, no, I just threw the napkin in the laundry".  We asked to speak to a manager.  She said there wasn't one.  So, we took her name & asked for the owners name & informed her that I would be contacting someone via internet, but their website has no means of contacting the owner or manager aside from by phone.

Needless to say, I will never go back to this restaurant, and intend to inform everyone of our experience.
We visited here for lunch and were somewhat disappointed.  My friend, a real German, ordered roulade, red cabbage and mashed potato.  The roulade was fine but it wasn't really hot.  The mashed potatoes were definitely from a box - not fresh.  The red cabbage was OKish but only lukewarm.

We probably would not return - would probably try Zur Kate, which is in the same strip center.
Bavarian Point has very good German food, but is a heck of a drive to get to. I also made the pilgrimage for a friends Birthday. 

I stuck with what I know: Brats and Saurkraut. The Saurkraut was delicious. The Brats were pretty good, although I think that they gave me a sausage mixture. 

Different friends ordered different plates, so I got to see a little of everything that was ordered. 

Helpings are generous, Décor is dated, menu is solid German, and salad bar is questionable (is it German? or just a salad bar?)...
When we arrived at 6pm for dinner, the restaurant was busy but not full.  We were seated fairly quickly.  Then ignored for 30 (yes thirty) minutes, no kidding here.  We finally got bread and water from the single bus person in the entire place after about 10 minutes.  I asked one of the waitresses for help, after she took an order from a table that came in well after us.  She said she didn't know where our waitress was.  It appeared there were only two, and the one who sat us was our waitress.  The one who sat us was busy taking the order of a large table that also came in after us.  So once again, we asked the "not our" waitress who was annoyed I was asking her again and still didn't even attempt to get us any service.  The ONLY reason we waited as long as we did was my father wanted to take us to this place.  So finally, at 6:30 we left and went to Zur Kate, another German restaurant in the same parking lot.  Which was good all the way around, live accordion music was fun. Service with a smile instead of annoyance.  The food was pretty good and the prices were much better as well.  But hey - if you like water and bread (ok, the bread was good) then head on down to Bavarian point.
Having lived in Germany for 7 years, this is one of the few places where I have found good German food in the US. I would rate it 5 stars, but they really could improve on the service.
We went there on New Years Eve and while the atmosphere was pleasant the sticker shock on the menu wasn't!  We endured because it was a special occasion, but overall found the food to be of average fare; certainly nothing noteworthy.

The wait staff however was very attentive and pleasant which did some to overcome the general experience.  

Overall, when looking for authentic German food, music and atmosphere at prices that are reasonable, there are other options available.  I really wish I could be kinder, but the tab versus the quality just doesn't make that possible.  Save your money.
The service here is usually very slow but the great food makes up for it.  Avoid the salad bar as it is nothing special. Pretty much anything on the menu is fantastic and worth the poor service.
We visited this restaurant as a party of 9 on a Saturday evening. Upon arrival, a busser tried to seat us, and had a problem understanding that we were a party of 9 apparently due to a language barrier, but it was quickly straightened out and we were seated in short order.

Warm bread with real salt butter was quickly brought to the table for our enjoyment. None of us wanted an appetizer, though they have a very nice list of them, and 8 of us opted for the salad bar, while one opted for soup. The salad bar was small but nicely laid out. I must say that I had the best beets of my life there, and another of our party said she had the most wonderful green beans she had ever eaten. Kudos for the nice start to our meal!

Our waitress came back to the table to tell us about the evening's specials. 3 of us ordered the Pork Osso Bucco from the special menu. Others ordered Jagerschnitzel, Weinerschnitzel, and one ordered a plate of scallops. A few of the items on the menu were not in keeping with German/Bavarian food, but it was all quite tasty.

All portions were big; big enough to satisfy the biggest appetite! The Osso Bucco was cooked to perfection, falling off the bone tender, and with a terrific, silky smooth sauce from the cooking with mushrooms in it.

All the schnitzels were properly pounded out thin, and just about completely covered the plates. The only word for them is huge. Companions all pronounced them to be excellent. The companion that ordered the scallops pronounced them to be perfect. 

Most of our party took home a doggy bag, though I seriously doubt any of the dogs would get a bite of this hearty food. Dessert was unanimously Apple Strudel. It was different than any apple strudel I have ever eaten, and was not the highlight of the meal, though the sauce it was swimming it was heavenly. I probably could have ordered and drank an entire cup of the sauce!

Other reviewers have mentioned slow service in their reviews, but we found the pace of service to be just right. A constant stream of guests were seated while we were there and it did not seem to have an effect on the service.
The place was clean, and the only dings were that the ladies room needs to be spiffed up a bit, and the A/C needs to be turned down a degree or two.

If you like hearty portions of German/Bavarian food I commend this place to you.
My wife and I do not normally eat German food.  We do however go once in a while.  We went to this restaurant recently and found it be quite interesting.

Yes, the decor is very "dated" or very traditional.  It is in need of a facelift.  However, the food, even though my wife and I do not normally eat German food, was very good.  

I ordered the Filetgoulash Stroganoff.  My wife ordered Jagerschnitzel.  Both were very good.  They were quite heavy, as we are used to eating more Asian style food, but the food was good.  

The German food here reminded me of something that I ate for lunch while transiting through Munich on my way to Firenze.  If the food were "lighter" I would go back.  Right now, though the food was good and tasty, my wife and I still find German food to be a bit heavy.
We sort of stumbled upon it  today and decided to have lunch.  We were in between lunch and dinner so it we were the only ones on the restaurant side and did things get fun. 

The waitress gave us a quick break down on some dishes we weren't familiar with, but in the end we kept it simple. My daughter went with the house made brats and fries and was not disappointed. The flavor and texture of the brats were spot on perfection. (I will get them next time for sure)

I went with the pork Wienerschnitzel and German Potato Salad with a side of Kraut. A+, 2 thumbs up, 4 Silver spoons, etc.

The Apple Struedel sat in a bowl of fresh warm custard, very warm so more of a sauce, not a solid jiggly custard.  

Can't wait to return!
Had a great time here with a big party. They gad great food and beer. There was a guy playing the accordion and lots of folks singing in German at the bar. We had a total blast!
Food was very good; authentic and good sized portions. But that's where I have to stop. Place is not very clean and in dire need of a renovation!  Bathrooms were filthy and the bench seats still had food on them. If they could clean up the place, it would be a place I would go back to. But I'm going to try the other German place a few doors down!
We set out to find Bavarian Point restaurant and stumbled into Zur-Kate by accident.  They are next door to each other, although I had never heard of Zur-Kate before.  What a stroke of luck.

The atmosphere was very cozy with lots of German flair.  The place was very crowded at 8pm, and everyone seemed to be having a very god time.  The first thing we noticed about the menu was the far lower prices than the ones on menus we had seen on line for other Valley German restaurants.  Many different kinds of wurst, schitzel and chops are available to choose from.  Each entree comes with a choice of German potato salad, spatzel, potato cake, home fries or french fries.  You also receive your choice of sauerkraut or red cabbage.  A salad bar is included, and basket of rye bread delivered to the table.  There is not an entree on the menu over $12, and you can add a wurst to any entree for $2.50.  Beers are in the $2-$4 range - where does that happen?  These prices are already amazing, but then you see the portion sizes.  The schnitzels are huge, and each comes with a generous portion of side.  I had the Rhein Schitzel - juicy pork, lightly breaded and fried until golden bown and crisp, topped with sauteed onions and a sour-cream based light gravy.  It was fantastic.  Very well seasoned, light, not greasy and absolutley huge.  Add in the red cabbage and spatezel and you have a formidable meal.  I added a knockwurst just to try it, and there was no way that I could finish my dinner.  Everyone at my table felt the same about their meals.  This place is a gem and should not be missed.  I really cannot imagine what more you could want out of a German restaurant, except maybe higher prices.  Im sure the other restaurants in town are also good, but we cant wait to go back to Zur Kate.
Who even knew such a good, authentic place existed way out here in the East Valley.  The place has been around for like 20 years.  The decor inside makes you feel like you're in Germany.  The wait staff was very nice and I thought the food was VERY good.  I had the sausage loaf with gravy, cabbage and these unreal home fried potatoes fried with bacon, OMG.  So good.  My date had the bratwurst with sauerkraut and potatoes.  I thought the brats were excellent as well.

They have a nice bar with a lot of German beers.  The price was not bad, 2 dinners, 1 beer was about $24.00.

Also note, their gravy is gluten-free!  Whoot.
The food is great! Too many schnitzels to choose from and every one I have had is great. Try the rouladen if you happen to go when it's a special, it is amazing! Service is good and the portions are too big to eat in one sitting, you will be taking some home. Nice selection of imported German beer, so don't expect to get a domestic brew.
The atmosphere at Zur-Kate will not leave you wondering as to the nationality of the food. It is theatrically German with paintings of the German countryside, hunting rifles and animal heads on the walls as well as it fair share of beer advertising.

The staff was extremely friendly and paitent with all the questions we had for them. It was a very welcoming place despite the non-descript smoking area located far too near the front door for my taste.

The food was quite good but there was nothing outstanding here. There are numerous schnitzels on the menu but after ordering it became clear that all of the different varieties were the basic breaded and fried meat patty with different sauces on them. These were good as I've said but we were expecting something more exciting from a restaurant that has been around for more than 20 years.

The portions were large and the side were a nice change from your average American fare and they do have a nice selection of Germanic beer to choose from.

The apple strudel is worth having as a desert but not if you're dining alone, the thing is HUGE! Nicely spiced and accompanied with with very good ice cream it was a challenge for us to put this away after the very filling dinner but we managed. It was really very good.

Overall Zur-Kate was a nice experience, the food tasty and filling if not exactly exciting and was not too expensive. They keep odd hours though and are not open for lunch at all. Be sure and check by calling them to verify they are open before going out there. We had to try three different times before we caught them open. It is on the extreme east side of the valley so it is a journey even for us Gilbertites but if you're in the neighborhood you should stop by and give them a try.
I loved the zigeuner schnitzel, red cabbage was great and the fritten were out of this world. I had a draft pilsner. If you are out in the East Valley, this would be a great place to entertain friends or take your girl for a date.
I have lived near this place for a few years and I have not had food this good since I lived in Germany. The decorations are a little bit over the top, but the food is as authentic as it gets!

Sauerbraten was excellent as was the Jägerschnitzel. The atmosphere was awesome. A lone accordionist played for about 45 minutes (started right after we got there and finished right before we left). The music the perfect accompaniment for dinner.

The prices are amazingly low and the portions are huge. I am looking forward to returning again very soon. I can't recommend this place enough!
As noted by other reviewers, the decor is We-are-SO-German in your face, yet not feeling kitchy, but just overwhelmingly inviting, and transports you to another continent in this quiet corner of Mesa.

This superb meal started out with a Warsteinner Oktoberfest, a delightfully smooth tasting, autumny mug of beery goodness setting me back $3.00.  After bringing out our drinks, we were also given complimentary rye bread, which had a decent flavor but would've been nicer if it was much warmer.  I ordered Sauerbraten for $11.50, sliced beef covered in a mild brown gravy with a surprisingly very pleasant sour undertone with hints of tomato.  The spaetzle was straightforward, simply prepared tiny noodles with an unfortunately bland taste and texture reminiscent of risotto.  This was definitely skippable and unfortunately the only reason this is not a 5-star.  My other side was sauerkraut, which paired perfectly with the Sauerbraten and gravy to bring the sour taste more to the fore, while still accenting the savoriness of the beef and saltiness of the gravy.

My girlfriend ordered the Cordon Bleu Schnitzel for $11.50, which was a thinly breaded and pounded pork chop, covered with ham, swiss cheese, and a light creamy sauce binding everything together.  The breading gave a crunchy, pleasant mouthfeel, the meat was satisfyingly succulent, and the ham, swiss, and sauce gave it a richer feel.  Truly divine!  I took a nibble of the red cabbage an stir-fried potatoes, which were mixed with bacon, that I found very enjoyable but nothing to write home about.  The Jager Schnitzel that my girlfriend's best friend ordered, was Schnitzel covered in a mushroom gravy, and was reported to be delicious as well.

Finally, for deserts we ordered apple strudel and Schwarzwalde Kirschtorte, both setting us back $3.50.  This was an outstanding conclusion to our meal, with the apple strudel containing tart apples hidden within, with soft, buttery layers of perfectly cooked dough generously topped with a vanilla sauce with plenty of powdered sugar.  The Schwarzwalde Kirschtorte, Black Forest Cherry chocolate cake, was also immensely satisfying, with the ice-cold cherries being a perfect counterpoint to the dense chocolate and frosting.

Stuffed, impressed, drunk on flavors and revelry, the final personal touch was the owner insisting we take some cookies she made from a plate left out at a bar.  The aforementioned accordion player made his appearance as we were leaving, so if you want to hear him be there after 6:15, at least on Thursdays.

Head over to Zur Kate for a wonderful meal, with great service and atmosphere to match!
I have been going here for years. I always thought that the decor was a little much but when we were visiting my wife's parents in Bavaria I found a place that I would swear is the twin of Zur Kate. I think the food is spot on for a German restaurant. The staff is always friendly. Jager schnitzel and Rahm schnitzel are my favorites. The menu is very typical of a small restaurant in Germany as is the beer selection...both are limited in options but generous in size for the price. The atmosphere is what it is all about and they have that part down.
Today I visited Zur Kate for the first time.  I am happy to say that it was a very positive experience.  We were led to the restaurant for one reason- a buy one, get one free coupon!  It was hardly necessary, though, as their prices are extremely reasonable.

The restaurant definitely stands out from its neighbors, with it's wooden facade and flower boxes.  The atmosphere within, as mentioned before, is perhaps a little over the top.  I couldn't help feeling like I was stuck in the German section of the It's a Small World ride at Disneyland.  Somehow, though, it worked and, upon leaving, I almost felt like I'd been on a mini-vacation.

I ordered the Leberkase with Gravy ($8), spaetzle and red cabbage on the side.  While I will probably never be able to pronounce my entree, I did find it rather tasty.  I probably will not order it again, however, as it had a very processed taste and texture.  Not terrible, but definitely not up to par with some of the other items on the menu.  The spaetzle was a bit bland but the red cabbage was very tangy and a nice balance to the heavy gravy of the rest of the plate.

My dinging partner had the Schnitzel Cordon Bleu ($11.50) with the potato dumpling and red cabbage.  The potato dumpling was pretty much exactly what you would expect; somewhere between mashed potatoes and a dumpling.  Interesting, but a little plain.  We both agreed that the schnitzel was absolutely fabulous.  It was the perfect texture and the ham and cheese gave it a unique and very addicting flavor.  We are eager to go back to try more varieties of the schnitzel!

We rounded off the meal by splitting a slice of the Black Forest Cake.  It was a wonderful way to finish.  The cake was rich and moist, the cherries tart and cool and it was all brought together by the whipped cream frosting.  A perfect addition for $3.50.

All together, with the coupon, we ended up with two generous dinners, two large lunches (previous reviewers did not lie when they said that the portions are huge!!) and a lovely dessert for just over $20. You can't beat that with a stick!!
Zur Kate is a real treat - the atmosphere feel's like your dining in a traditional German pub. The staff are very accommodating to folks unfamiliar with German fare. We loved every bite and managed to eat about half of our massive portions. An accordion player started playing as we were leaving around 7:30pm. The place has some real history if you read the story on the menu. We will return!!!
We met a couple of friends of ours at Zur Kate for dinner. I was a bit leery due to the fact that Zur Kate is in the same strip mall as the Bavarian Point. My review for the Bavarian Point would have been a zero - due to the roach on the table! So needless to say - I didn't want to go. 

We walked in the door and it looked like you just stepped in to someones home in Germany. It's was cute! I little bit Twin Peaks, but cute in an odd way. They had live music and plenty of tasty cold beer! The menu was NOT in German like at the Bavarian Point - Bonus for us Americans. The food was very good I was very impressed. I don't know much about German food so I relied on our friends who go there often.

If you are looking to try something new, like German food! This was a first for me. Head to Zur Kate and know you are going to have a tasty meal!
As a lover of all things German, I spotted this place while first trying the neighboring Bavarian Point restaurant. I made a mental note to return to this same shopping center to visit Zur Kate. The opportunity arose when my roommate and I found ourselves exploring the nooks and crannies of the East Valley. As we were famished from wandering around without a real destination, this place immediately inspired us.

Although it was five minutes until closing, we were welcomed into the restaurant by the owner and staff. We sat at the bar and enjoyed great conversation (along with our rye bread and Warsteiner beers). My roomie and I ordered the Rouladen (special for that weekend) and the Zigeuner Schnitzel. The rouladen was perfect: the beef was fall-apart tender and the filling was accented with the bacon and delicious. The zigeuner schnitzel was also quite good with a crispy breading and a slightly spicy pepper sauce. I was not impressed with the spaetzle (although I confess I can be a bit of a snob in this area, since I own my own spaetzle grater), however, the sauerkraut and the red cabbage were delicious.

We really enjoyed the laid-back friendly atmosphere of this place. The highlight (besides the fabulous German fare) was getting to know the owner, Horst, who convinced us to extend our visit with multiple rounds of Apple Schnapps. Truly a great dining experience!

We will return to Zur Kate, to try their weekend special of Schweinehaxe (1st Friday & Saturday of the month). I'm dying to sample their Bratkartoffeln (home-fried potatoes) as I have fond memories of these from my past days living in Germany.

Go to Zur Kate for the food... but stay for the gemütlichkeit (coziness)!
Great service and wenn du Deutsch sprichts...besser. The owner was around and over heard our compliments and in the end we had a complimentary round of apfelschaps. If you have never been to Germany this will be a real close experience (decoration and music). Food is more Hamburg style. 

If you know how is food in Germany this place will be an ok for you, but still puts you in the mood to sing a lied!
Wonderful schnitzels and their brats are the wurst (get it?)!  Small place that makes you feel at home on the very first visit.  They feature a different special each weekend, and I have tried several.  My favorite is between the Rahmschnitzel (covered in a yummy cream sauce) and the Zegeunerschnitzel (covered in a spicy pepper sauce).  The food and the atmosphere bring back fond memories of great meals in Germany.
I have many memories of German food, since my first vacation on my own as an adult was 2 weeks in Germany and Austria a zillion years ago.  There was something about going into a gasthaus that just made the food so much better - generally they were the first floor of someone's house turned into a tiny restaurant and everything was prepared as ordered so it was always fresh.  Never found anything as good in the States, although I tried.....

Well, DH found a coupon at Restaurants for the Zur Kate so we thought - why not?  It was only a few bucks - what did we have to lose?

Authentisch does not even begin to describe this place!

It probably holds 40 or so. There was a live accordian player (when he played the chicken dance, I so wanted to get up and dance but DH and DS held me back :(.  The decor is right out of a German village.  And the servers are all dressed in dirndls.  So far, ok, they have the look down of a gasthaus.

Next the menu.  Wurst and schnitzel.  Not much else - just about 15 variations on each.  But that's okay.  That is more than enough to choose from.

Zur Kate doesn't try to be anything other than what it is.  No appetizers. No extra sides. Your dinner comes with a starch (German potato salad, home fries, spatzl, and two other choices - I am drawing a blank on them) and a vegetable (sauerkraut or red cabbage).

They also have a Friday and Saturday special that rotates, depending on the week.

DH ordered the special - Rolladen with German potato salad and sauerkraut.  The Rolladen was tender and juicy.  The potato salad was good.  The sauerkraut was really mild - we are used to very tart kraut so that was a disappointment but the meat and salad made up for it!   

DS ordered the Knackwurst with kraut and homefries.  The Knackwurst was huge.  And the home fries were real home fries - a little salt and pepper and they were so yummy.

I saved the best for last.  I ordered the Jaeger Schnitzel with spatz; and red cabbage.  The Schnitzel was pork, not veal, but that was fine - it was freshly breaded and fried.  Crispy yet moist inside.  The mushroom gravy was so very good (not fully of MSG and base - otherwise I would be too sick to write this ;).  The spatzl were lightly sauteed/fried and covered in gravy.  And the cabbage was excellent.

We shared a piece of homemade Black Forest cake and it was so good. The cherry filling was tasting of Kirsch or another liquor. The cake was homemade.  The whipping cream was real.  Yum.....

Portions: very large.
Quality:  very good.
Prices: very reasonable
Service:  attentive - I loved the fact that they brought us a liter of Diet for my son and I to help ourselves.


Would we return: you bet!  We are heading back in two weeks for the goulash and strudel.
I have never really had a full German meal, but wow, this was tasty. We ordered the sausage special and a schnitzel plate and were stuffed. Each dish is served with 2 sides, one potato based and another cabbage based. The waitress is very german and such a sweet lady, very helpful with offering advice about what is on the menu. The beer selection is amazing. Before our meal was served, we received a few slices of rye bread with butter, and loved it! With all that we ordered, we got out of there in under $25. This place is a great value, especially if you want to leave stuffed.
I've been jonesing for some authentic German food for ages. So I checked out Yelp and found this restaurant with multiple favorable reviews. 

My wife and I arrived at 7:30pm this past Saturday and scored the last empty table in the restaurant. The smell of the food was making me drool. I felt like I was already in Germany, more specifically in Hamburg as this was where the original owners had operated the first Zur Kate. There was a coo coo clock, antlers and other German artifacts covering the walls. There was even an accordion player playing at the right sound level. It was as if you were transported to a family restaurant in Germany.

Our server had the German accent and took our drink orders with the promise of bread. Yes, Germans love their bread. We ate some hearty rye bread and ordered our entrees when our server returned.

My wife had the Kassler Rippchen and I had the Zwiebel Rippchen (sauteed onions added) with Bratkartoffein and Red Cabbage. The Rippchen is a pork chop that is smoked then grilled. The Bratkartoffein is German Home Fries which are German fried potatoes cut into cubes with onions and some bits of bacon.

All of the food was excellent. The Red Cabbage had a slight sweet flavor and possibly the best Red Cabbage I had ever had. The Bratkartoffein was good as well. The Pork Chops were perfectly cooked and made my tummy want more. I will defintely become a regular at Zur Kate.
I occasionally stop by here for my Bavarian gasthaus fix, if I'm in the east end of the valley. Beers on tap from Germany and typical Bavarian fare. The service has been friendly and very helpful and the food good to very good.

One minor quibble: the glassware is authentic, but the beer doesn't always get served in the right glass.
Walked in an panicked- could only  see old people. Will my food be bland? Shocker- yes it was! But got a pitcher if beer for 9$ and some guy was playing an accordian. Nifty!
As a Dutchman I'm quickly won over by the old world charm of Zur Kate, but don't think I wouldn't praise the food if praise wasn't due, it is very good (just like home). The service is fast and friendly, and they carry a small but excellent selection of import beers. Can definitely take the whole family here, there's something for everyone. Sometimes they provide live music as well.
The handlebar-mustache donning owner is a great host! :)
Love this restaurant. Great service and authentic German food tastes sooooo good. 

Recommend that you order the Zigeuner snitchel.Finish dinner with some Apfelkorn. Yummy!

Summer hours are a little weird so you may want to check ahead of time to see if they are open but trust me the food is totally worth it.This place has been around for a zillion years and for good reason.
I have ate at my fair share of German eateries. Here in the States and in Germany. This Place was probably one of the best I have enjoyed here in Arizona.
It's a small strip mall location. But it was clean and all the employees were friendly and helpful.
There were 7 of us for dinner. We arrived at 7pm. So dinner service was beginning to wind down (they are in the dead center of Snow Bird/retirement land - they close at 9pm daily).
Getting a table was not a problem. They had a decent selection of German beers and wine to choose from. 
I had the Sauerbraten, home fries, and red cabbage. The meat was very tender, and the red cabbage was delicious!
My sister and my husband both got the Jeager Schnitzel. I had a sample and that too was very good.
Others ordered the polish sausage - it was a mild spicy wurst, very appealing taste.
the Rahm Schnitzel was fantastic and I can't wait to go back to get that for myself!!
After dinner we split a few desserts, the Black Forest cake and the Apple Strudel. The cake was very moist and flavorful and the apple strudel reminded me of something my mom makes.
During dessert, our waitress, who we learned was the owner's wife, gave us all a free shot of their home made apple schnapps. It was a nice treat! It was sweet and very smooth. Could have gone for a second round, but it was getting late.
Over all, great experience! We will definitely go back!
Went to Zur Kate last Friday evening. We got seated within 5 minutes..lucky I guess since this restaurant has good reviews. I recommended to my wife any of the schnitzels while I ordered the pork roast (special that evening). 

My food was very good but I kicked myself afterwards for not following my own recommendation.  The Rahm schnitzel was to die for...absolutely amazing. My taste buds were very happy when my wife gave me 2 bites  of her plate. Order with the spaetzle and red cabbage and you will be happy.  We ended with the Apple Struddle and cheesecake..fantastic...although the Struddle  was a little bit soggy for our taste.
-
Service was excellent..decor and atmosphere felt relaxing and homey.  I will go back there for sure.
excellent home cooking German food. Friendly and welcoming atmosphere. Went on a Tuesday evening, only wated 2 or 3 minutes for a table. We drove from Scottsdale just to eat here and will deffinatly be back.
One evening here and you will be scratching your head as to why there aren't more German restaurants around. The atmosphere is cozy, crowded, and congenial.  The decor is Bavarian and what you'd want in capturing the right ambiance.  And then the food...
I know the German menu might seem heavy and uncreative to most.  But for those times when you are craving something more substantial always trust a man in lederhosen.  This place has incredible schnitzels and sausages.  I recommend their specials.  The rouladen brings back memories of the German family in my childhood neighborhood and their marinara schnitzel blitzkriegs the flavor out of any chicken parmigiana you are going to get at the myriad Italian joints.
Pretty good German fare (good sausage and schnitzel, the gravy was a little bland, but this is German food) and a pretty fun environment on the weekend (the accordion player really gets the snowbirds going, especially when he plays Edelweiss).  Friendly service.
well the waitress was good, our daughters dinner came out 10 minutes late, the food was just about the worse food i have ever received from a restaraunt. yuuuck.the atmosphere was cool but I'm there too eat and the food was just sub par for anyones taste or culture.
Great German atmosphere and real good food.  There was a good accordion player and the apple strudel was great.
Great service and good food.  Hubby loved the apple strudel.  I enjoyed the red cabbage and I had the spicy schnitzel with spätzle (potato dumplings).  Tasty hearty food.  Tried one of the white wines only 3.95 glass. Decent for the price.

Hubby want to go back for the Rouladen a German meat roulade usually consisting of bacon, onions, mustard and pickles wrapped in thinly sliced beef which is then cooked. Served on Friday and Saturdays.
Wanted something different for our anniversary dinner.  After reading the reviews of several options we selected Zur Kate.  WE WEREN'T DISAPPOINTED!

The place is small and intimate.  The live music is at just the right background volume.  The portions are delicious and ample!  And I had the light German Pilsner that was light straw in color and well hopped - delicious!  (My wife had the Gewurztraminerr of course).

We had the Rahm Schnitzel was excellent with the spatzle and red cabbage.  We will be returning and, most likely bringing a large group of our friends!

Oh, don't be put off by the small strip mall location, walking through the door is walking into Bavaria!
After reading all the reviews I am wondering if we were in the same place. Usually when I go to a restaurant I can say the food tastes (good or bad), but going tonight we had food that had no taste. My boys had the brats and they tasted like water, no spices AT ALL! While the cabbage was good ( and also the service), I think the gravy, rye bread and cheese were bought off the rack from across the street....nothing German about it! 

Considering that two adults and two young boys had dinner and drinks ( soda and two very small beers) we had a $50 bill. It is not enough any more to just put out tasteless food, even if it was an off night.
This place is just an all-around great experience.  Friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food.  Went with my husband and sat at the bar as there were no tables left.  But this turned out to be a good thing as it allowed us to chat with the owners.  We ended up staying all evening (no wonder there's never an empty table) talking to the family and listening to the accordion player.  I had the rouladen (special) and it was fantastic, as was the apple strudel dessert.
This is the second time we've come here & each time has been phenominal! Friendly service, amazing food & both times we had live acordian music! So authentic & delicious. The staff couldn't be nicer. The only thing I wish I could change (besides the distance from my house!) is the size of the restaurant. If you go during dinner on Fridays & Saturdays, you may need to wait, but it's WAY worth it. I found out tonight, they make their own mustard...I am loyal to Guldens brown mustard & I described it as "a bit better than Guldens" if that gives you an idea   ;)    . I just love the atmosphere, long tables, music & food! Please please please!!! If you ever have the chance, go HERE. Pretty easy to find, pleanty of parking & a great deal (prices are great too!).
As best as I can figure out, there are 3 German restaurants in the Phx metro area.  Two of them are in the same parking lot in Mesa.  How does that happen?

So anyway, what about Zur Kate.  Good food but an oddly small menu with no appetizers listed.  

As for the restaurant itself its a pretty small place.  Not sure how the busy they get, but if they ever do you could be in for a wait.

Back to the food for a moment.  While it was good, and somewhat German in composition I'm just not sure of German food it was.  That being said, I could say the same for the other German restaurants here in Phx.  So, not so much of a knock as an observation.
Ill try not to talk it up too much but I have to say it was one of the best dinning experiences I've ever had. My wife and I stopped in and were really surprised on how authentic the inside of the restaurant looked. The meal was perfect and the service was out of this world friendly. Even the owner took time to sit and talk with us and share stories.  I thought places like this only existed in movies. Thanks Zur Kate for the good time and we are looking forward to visiting your fine establishment again!!!
This place is full of senior citizens and is located near many retirement communities. Atmosphere is 3/5; food is 3/5, service is 3/5.. Nothing special, won't be coming back.
So, I had Schnitzel Cordon Bleu With Home Fried Potatoes and Sauerkraut. So let me say this first I been here a few times the first time was amazing the last 3 times I been was not impressed at all not sure if they changed chefs but It's been going down hill. It's still was good don't get me wrong but nothing great.
Good old fashioned German Home Cooking, just like at home. Love it!
As for the restaurant itself it's a pretty small place.  Not sure how the busy they get, but if they ever do you could be in for a wait.

Back to the food for a moment.  We had the special which was ham on bone, and Zwiebel Schnitzel with onion. The special was good and Schnitzel was just okay.  

The atmosphere was nice and staff was friendly.
Had the schnitzel with hot pepper gravy, spatzle and red cabbage. Loved it except the cabbage. They didn't do anything wrong, I just don't like cabbage. I liked the place and thankfully didn't have to drive to glendale for my German fix. Had a couple nice German Oktoberfest beers to boot.
Yummy and Fun!

I was meeting friends who were in town for the night and they picked this place because it was close to their hotel. Wow, we didn't know what a treat we were in for. Besides the charming German decor, they had a husband/wife team  playing accordion and singing German songs. The duo even stopped at our table and played a couple of kid's songs for my friends' little girl.

The food was great - we got 2 versions of the schnitzel - cordon bleu and one that had traditional gravy but with a hint of hot peppers in it. Yum! Our third adult diner got the sauerbraten which was tender and juicy. The sides, German Potato Salad and Spaetzle as well as sauerkraut and cooked shredded cabbage and the delicious rye bread made great meal. The kiddo's burger must have been good, too, because she cleaned her plate. We then split a black forest cake and a strudel, both of which were yum. 

For drinks, we split a pitcher of oktoberfest beer, which had just the right hint of spice.

This is a very small place, so even though we did not have to wait for a table, I could see that happening, especially if your group was more than 4 people.

Definitely will recommend and will return when we want another German food fix.

Prost!
This was a tough one to rate.  I wanted to give it a middle of the road 3, but according to Yelp's rating guide a 3 is "A-OK" and this place isn't that good.  The schnitzels are all prepared the exact same way except for the different gravies or toppings.  Sur Kate makes its schnitzels by pounding a piece of pork flat. Breeding it and then frying it in oil.  This is basically what a schnitzel is but schnitzels should all flavored be flavored slightly differently (not just in the gravy but the breeding and cooking method as well).  Without the gravies the schnitzels at Sur Kate are plain bland and soulless.  Comparing these to what a real homemade/flavorful German schnitzel should taste like is like comparing a fried hamburger patty to a BBQ marinated filet mignon.  The sides are passable - not great - not bad not even just plain good.  All in all the food is just OK, but then again the food at BK or Wendy's is also OK but a lot cheaper and quicker.

I could put up with less than stellar food if the service was great or good but the service is even more disappointing than the food.  Once you walk through the door there is no real indication as where to wait to be seated.  So you just stand there.  It takes forever for anyone to acknowledge that you are there and then even longer for someone to seat you.  Even then they do not seem that trilled that you are there.  I thought that this was just a onetime observation or that my group was dressed wrong, but as I watched the door for our 1 and a half hour stay I saw that every party through the door was ignored and treated with the same distain.

Well to get the 4s and 5s other people seem to feel is appropriate the wait staff must be out of this world  - wrong.  The wait staff jam as many parties to a table as they can then spend as little time interacting with the guests as possible.  None of the waitresess seemed to know the menu or what made German food German.  I had to flag someone down to get a drink refilled but actually the glass was removed but the refill did not come until I was trying to pay (which required me tracking my waitress down to get the bill. She wasn't busy working but talking.)
The decor was down home German and fun. We came in on a Thursday and there was a man and woman strolling through the restaurant singing and playing an accordion. This made the atmosphere wonderbar. The regulars all seemed to know each other and the staff.  They all seemed to be having a wonderful time.  

Now it may not seem like it but I had fun here.  We sang and danced a little.  By sitting with other parties at the same table we met new people.  That part was great.  If a good atmosphere and a fun time are what you seek this is a place to try.  If you want good food and quality service this is not the place for you.
Huge line to get in at 5:30 on a Saturday night (they open at 4).  Unclear service arrangements, small menu, accordeon player.  Located in a small mall not far from the other German restaurant in Mesa.  Not Germany but an ok substitute.
I always hear about this place form my friends and I  have even eaten here once before maybe 6 years ago. Finally went back last night and wow was it good. The appetizers were wonderful. The meat was tender and delicious. We will definitely be going back very soon. 

Get the sliders and the mushroom gravy schnitzel. You will not be disappointed.
Zur Kate is unique to the area (well, except for the Bavarian restaurant in the same plaza) and offers some really great food. I love coming here for the comfort food and the quality has never disappointed. I love their Black Forest cake, too!
I really dislike writing reviews like this, but according to yelp's rating guide this is the best I could give them given what happened the night we had dinner there. 

I'll start off with rating how I would have rated the place up until what occurred at the end of the meal. 

The atmosphere is really cute and decorated like a little rural German pub. Our German friends came with us and said it was straight out of a 1960's little German town. We were seated promptly and service was pretty good. There were about 6 or so tables and just one woman serving so we waited a little bit but not bad. 

They had quite a few gluten free options which was nice. Their gravies are not made with flour, and a few of their entrees are g-free. The food was okay, I was really hoping to be more impressed. Our German friends thought the red cabbage was pretty good but were not big fans of their schnitzel or their sausage. The sausages were gluten free so I ordered the Knackwurst and my boyfriend had the Currywurst, we liked both of them. He didn't like the schnitzel he ordered (I couldn't have it since it had bread crumbs) and my cornish game hen had been fried and was really really dry inside. The cabbage and potato salad sides were pretty good. Prices for each were very reasonable and we also had a restaurant.com card. 

Okay so the one star reason. I was still finishing my plate when something happened that made me concerned about the hygienic nature of the restaurant. An insect of the worst type for a restaurant crawled out from behind the mustard on the side of the table and made its way to my plate. My boyfriend tried to kill it but if anyone has ever had to deal with these critters they know how fast they are and their ability to fly doesn't help either. It scurried around for about 10 mins until he finally got it. By this point I had excused myself to the bathroom... we all paid our checks quickly and left trying not to make a scene. 

So, while I wasn't super impressed with the food before this happened I still probably would have come back for the sausages but after what happened I'm a little concerned about the cleanliness so I have to recommend a no go to yelp viewers.
I wanted to like this place. The service was great, the prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was wonderfully kitschy. There was one problem: the food. It was bland and just gross. Don't mean to be a troll, just being honest. Still had fun. The accordion player was a nice touch, on the bright side.
My wife and I dined last night at this little gem of a restaurant in Mesa.  We both wanted the same entree (Jagerschnitzel), but at least chose different sides with our meals.  The schnitzel was perfectly prepared, with very light breading.  The mushroom sauce was delicious.  My wife had the red cabbage and the spatzle, and eaved about both (I snuck a taste, too, and have to agree!).  I enjoyed sauerkraut (among the best I've ever had), and German potato salad.  The potato salad, was fine, but did not impress me as much as the rest of the meal.  We did not have dessert.  The service, was slow (thus 4 stars instead of 5), but this place definitely deserves a visit.
Great German beer and food. I will be back!!
I ordered a light Schnitzel dish covered with onions, a potato dumpling and Sauerkraut.  There were no salads or vegetables available, which limits the presentation and color of the meal.  

However, it is authentic German Food probably from the day when there was no refrigeration.  Or everything was pickled, made from basic supplies like flour, salt, bread etc.  
 
 Food that the Germans ate "pre refrigeration" era.  I really missed vegetables and salad.  They serve beer and wine but can't comment on it as I didn't order any.  My date ordered a pork special for $8.00 with the same side choices:  sauerkraut/red cabbage and five different potato or schpatzel choices.  

My schnitzel was very bland, other than a light crust, it was not seasoned.  I tasted the pork dish, that was cooked like a pot roast, but without the vegetables. It tasted good but had gravy all over it.

There were many older customers who seemed to reminisce about Germany.  The service was slow for a Monday night!
Very good German food.  We had a party of 15 and they had excellent service. On weekends they have a live accordian player.
My boyfriend is German and this place shares the parking lot with Bavarian Point, another German restaurant.

The atmosphere is good and the owner was very friendly, speaking German with us and dropping by to make sure things were good. The beer selection is good and the bar service prompt. They do serve the broken/short style spaetzle here versus the full noodle. I had the brauwurst stuffed  porkloin which was very tender although bland. My boyfriend had the schnitzel which he thought was dry.
The food is good and from what I can tell is rather authentic. Some things may be bland so consider before ordering. Gravy or onions on schnitzel is recommended. The hashed browns were awesome. Great beers on tap also. Went on a Saturday night, the atmosphere was great with live music and the owners kept buying us rounds of house made apple liquor shots. Will definately be back again.
Food was good, had a great time, will defiantly be back for more. Must try black Forrest cake.....wow
Terribly disappointing! The hamburger from the one undaring person was the best thing in the menu. If you want want true, good authentic German food, look elsewhere.
We arrived just on the verge of dinner rush hour. Had to wait for a couple to leave and was wondering why with a long table had 6 empty places. Though the waiter would at least asked if we minded sharing a table, later on I saw why. The whole table must be reserved for regulars because after we were seated and had ordered, a couple came in and went directly to the empty seats. About 10 - 15 minutes later, 4 more people came in and took the 4 other empty places. Once we were seated, the service was prompt and helpful. The marble rye was  great. The beer cold and tasty. The food, not so good or traditional. 
I wanted very much to give this restaurant a 5 but I'm sorry I just can't bring myself to even a 4. The sauerkraut was sweet!  I might be wrong, but it's sauerkraut supposed to be sour? Red cabbage was sweet! My wife's dumpling was pasty and did I mention that both the sauerkraut and red cabbage was SWEET? Best I can say, it was almost OK and this is now on my "Been there, Done that" list
My husband and I have been to Germany, and were missing some good German food.  This is a bit of a drive for us, but we gave it a shot.  
I had the Jaegerschnitzel, which was good.  The schnitzel was cooked crispy on the outside, I like that.  The gravy was good, but could have had more mushrooms.
My husband had the ziguenerschnitzel.  It had jalapenos in the gravy, which could be their nod to Arizona ( this is definitely not German), but said it was good.
The service was quick even though the place was packed.  The waitresses are typical German, not super friendly, we had no complaints. 
The wheat beer from the tap was good.
The potatoe dumpling was a bit on the cold side, but the fried potatoes I had were yummy.
We will go again.
Best German food we have had in Arizona :)
The most unauthentic German food ever!  If you're into cheap & your taste buds are nonexistent, this one's for you!  Everything tastes like it came out of a can, nothing is made from scratch. No chef working in this kitchen!  You want quality, authentic German food?  Walk a few doors east to Bavarian Point. The only authentic German food in Arizona prepared by an actual chef!!!
You ever just want to go into a German restaurant and feel like you walked into someone's family party? That's the feeling you will get when you visit Zur Kate. 
The pork was melt-in-your mouth magic and every bite was a little bit of heaven. 
You can't have a party without music. The live accordion music was the perfect addition to the ambiance. It was impossible not to dance in your seat. 
 This is a definite must-return on my list.
Wow Can't believe I over looked writing a review on one of our weekly hang outs.  Happy Hour Every Thursday night!!! German Food & Beer what's not to love.  Yes they get packed really really quick during the winter snowbird season.  Doesn't really matter what night you go.  1st weekend of the month ham hock weekend and if you aren't there lining up by 4 pm you'll be lucky to get one.  

My husband is from Bavaria and yes all parts of Germany make their dishes just a little bit different just like here, North, South, Tex-Mex, Baja style etc.  So to each their own.

WE always have great food, if not they quickly correct, great service, and great beer!!  We have had almost every kind of schnitzel, saubraten, ham hock, sausages, etc...don't think there is much on the menu we haven't tried.  Been going for years!

Wish they were open for lunch to grab a schnitzel sandwich or brat!!  HINT HINT

Sorry for not writing this sooner!!  Oh when my kids (teenagers) want to go out for their birthday dinner they always always request here and a whole black forest cake. :)
First time here and I thought it was so adorable and charming.  I got the jäger schnitzel and it was quite delicious!  The apple strudel was delicious as well.  Sweet but not overly so.  I would most definitely go back.
My friends and I decided to try out Zur Kate because we were looking for something new to try.  We're a group of late 20 and early 30 year olds and usually end up at some chain restaurant in Tempe or Scottsdale to eat. If you are looking for authentic German food then you will find it at Zur Kate. It wasn't GREAT German food but it was GOOD. 

I was super-excited when I found out the daily special (Friday) was Rouladen because this was one of my favorite meals that my mom used to make for us (she's from Germany). So that's what I ended up getting. The verdict -- it was good but my mother's (and mine) is way better. It tasted a little over cooked and could've used more of the traditional ingredients stuffed in it. I also ordered sauerkraut and potato dumpling. The sauerkraut was a little bland but stll good. The potato dumpling was my favorite item on my plate. Nice big dumpling ball, perfect consistancy with the traditional crouton in the center.  
I must add that we sat down and ordered our food around 6:30 - 7:00pm and I almost didn't get the rouladen. It was the last one they had.  So people must love it.

The rest of our table ordered either one of the schnitzel or brat plates. They all seemed pretty happy with their selections and I tried a bite of a couple of them and they had good flavor.

One thing I didn't like is that NONE of the schnitzels were veal...all were pork. It would've been nice to have more than one option. 

The staff was super busy (they probably could've used another server or two). Our server was a german woman who was good but you could tell she was rushed. She actually forgot to put my food order in so I received my food about 5 mins after the rest of the table.

The place could use a good sprucing. There were cute nicknacks on the walls but is defnitely could use some updating. I think if they were located in a larger space it would be better. There was an accordian player that played all throughout dinner and he was very good and it helped add to the ambiance.

On a side note, there was about 80 people in the restaurant (which is kind of small) and I think everyone except for my friends and I were all over the age of 70. I think a lot of old timers like this place.  Not that there's anything wrong with this, it was just a little funny. We did get to the restaurant kind of early though...6:15pm ish.

All in all, it was a good experience and I would definitely go back, just maybe at a later time in the night when the early bird rush is gone so it's not as busy.

The End...
Had a great meal here prior to a show at the Mesa Arts Center. We arrived at about 4:30pm and the place was really hopping! It was obvious that a fair share of the patrons were regulars because there were a lot of orders for the night's special, pork shank. I ordered the Jaeger Schnitzel with red cabbage and spaetzle. My wife had Wiener Schnitzel with potato dumpling and sauerkraut, and we shared the ZK Hausmacher wurst. We both were extremely satisfied with our meal and would recommend it to any of our friends or family with a hankering for good German food. The portions were large, the food tasted great, the price certainly was affordable, the staff was very friendly and the ambiance was fun. When the music played, I could almost picture myself back in Germany...except for the palm trees outside. The only problem to speak of is that Zur Kate is 17 miles from our house!
I have been here twice.  Once in october 2013 and noe in june 2014.  Both times i have been here, i have been blown away by the food.  I have had both the schnitzel and the bratwurst and both feel like they have a little old german cook in the kitchen.  I highly recommend thid place!
The food was delicious and the atmosphere was awesome! Definetely have the apple strudel with vanilla sauce, but be careful you might end up licking the plate
After spending time in Germany in the military I have a good desire for German food and this place is as good as it gets.  It is run by the folks who used to own the European Bistro.  More than a bakery, they serve all kinds of delicious German and European food.  Lots of different schnitzels and sausages and of course, real German beer.
Had another delicious meal here again.  I had the schnitzel with creamy mushroom gravy, red cabbage and mashed potatoes.   My wife had the goulash with spaetzel and red cabbage.  
This place is kid freindly but doesn't really have a kids menu. Its best if you don't let your kids be picky about new foods.  Our kids had a chef's salad and a bratwurst dinner.  The restaurant is kind of hard to spot from the road but well worth finding it.
The restaurant really has a nice atmosphere with the German music playing in the background and nice decorations from Germany.
My wife (who is German) and I have been eating at the various incarnations of Der Kaffee Kuchen for more than 12 years. We have never had a bad meal, although we still long for the larger menu they had when they were located on Camelback and I-17. All whining aside, we like the quirky atmosphere of their current location. It is kind of like sitting outside at a street side restaurant in Germany... well maybe not quite, but it is fun.

The food is always excellent. My favorites include the Zuericher Geschnetzeltes (veal strips and mushrooms in a cream sauce), the Rinderroulade (beef roll stuffed with bacon and a pickle) and the Schinken plate (ham cold cut plate). My wife's favorite is the Beef Goulash. On holidays they sometimes have a German buffet and these are great opportunities to try lots of different things.

One thing to remember is that everything is prepared fresh, so don't show up planning to eat in 30 minutes so you can catch a movie. Take you time, enjoy a beer, have a great meal and go home feeling relaxed and satisfied.
Food is great , service is a little slow, sometimes painfully slow when it's lunch time.
Stopped by today and found out they're no longer in business, so dad to see this place go. I used to enjoy coming here...
An elderly Las Vegas restaurant that serves primarily Swiss, German, and French dishes in an atmosphere matched in antiquity only by your grandmother's rotten old living room. Swiss Cafe has been a Vegas institution since 1972. I remember eating duck with juniper berries here for Thanksgiving when I was in elementary school. They have yet to update a single furnishing or decoration in the intervening decade since. The alfresco dining area has seen better days- the marble tabletops are stained and chipped, the white fencing is rusted, and the "garden" greenery has been laid to rest for sometime. In defiance of its stale, VERY Swiss interior, the food here is good. I don't like Swiss or German or Austrian food - in fact, the entire time I was in Germany and Austria I avoided eating anything traditional (save for pig knuckle and beer). However, the schnitzel here is something I will eat for the sake of tradition and not completely hate it- it's lightly breaded, almost like a tempura rather than a big thick coating of greasy breading like you find at Vegas' Hofbrauhaus (which, by the way, is an insult to the original). Entrees come with fried spaetzle, which I found too crunchy, and sweet purple cabbage is served in place of sauerkraut, which was very good. The escargot was decent enough, although they serve them in "their" shell making eating one of these suckers an exercise in dexterity. The soups are okay- the shrimp bisque was creamy and subtle, the French onion was unspectacular. Not too many fun German wine options - the only Riesling on the menu was $60. Service is very good because this place is always so dead (only two other tickets over the course of our three hour dinner). Overall, Swiss is a casual, relatively inexpensive continental restaurant that is worth going to for the excellent Schnitzel and the vintage vibe.
Well...I thought this would be a good choice for a late lunch/early supper since I got it into my head that Pecos couldn't be all THAT far from Spencer.  I got it into my feet, too.  I was on foot, and too stubborn to catch a bus or turn back.  Hence the Swiss Cafe idea to break up my "hike".  It appears that Swiss Cafe is no longer in business, and when I tried to call for details once I'd return home (not only do I refuse to own a car, I refuse to carry my cell phone), I discovered the number is no longer in service.
Over all this was a good place. It has been closed for over a year!
Two words. Boot Game. My bladder and kidneys are permanantly damaged from the amount of beer we consumed during these games. And lord only knows how many carbs I took in eating those fabulous soft pretzels they have there. I didn't appreciate this place enough when I was living in Madison.
Truth be told, I usually don't hang out at the Essen Haus.  I try to go there, but it's so packed, I always end up next door at the Come Back Inn.  No worries, though.  They're basically the same.  I mean there's a door connecting the two.  Great selection of tap beers, questionable music, free peanuts, two pretzels for a buck and various glass footwear from which you can drink.
I've rarely been there without Mike & Jeremy (the first reviewers), and it seems we have somewhat varied opinions.  This is easily one of my top 5 bars.  If a drinking establishment can convince you that you should split 9 liters of beer among four people in just over an hour and that polka is actually the appropriate music for a bar, it must have something going for it.
WOW!!! I was excited when I saw this listing! Madison is one the greatest places on earth, and this quintessentially german restaurant and tavern lies at the heart of Madison's rich german-american culture.  Great german food and pints of ale are served in a rustic bavarian setting by lanky lederhosen-laden lads.  You can dance and frolic to folksy german accordian music or knock back a few swigs off the old boot with your friends- enough to make any buxom beer wench look like a tasty schnitzel!!!
The best place to drink German beer...hell, its a good place to drink any kind of beer!  The glass boots are a hoot and lots of fun and a great way to get your friends...friendly.  The foods pretty good too...albeit pretty heavy German-kind of stuff.  And make sure you catch the regular Polka bands!!
As a fun place to meet a large group of friends and drink good beer the Essen House is hard to beat. If polka is not your thing, the music can get a bit old but after a boot of drink and a few pretzels with mustard even the musically hardened can have a great time. Also where else can you go and enjoy liederhosen any day of the week? It can tend to be a bit overcrowded but that is every bar on or near campus.
One would expect extraordinary German food in Wisconsin, and Essen Haus disappoints.  The food was good but not excellent.  There was a live performer who demonstrated a breadth of capabilities across clarinet, saxaphone, and trumpet, but impressed on none.  Eh.
The Essen Haus is one of my favorite Madison memories.  The ceiling and walls are covered in bier steins and the wait staff runs around in lederhosen.  The manager is a little nuts during dinner rushes, but the Rahm Schnitzel makes up for it.  It's absolutely delicious.

Of course you can't forget about the infamous boots and the wonderful bier selection they have.  Come, get tipsy and enjoy the live polka band.  Just don't get too angry if they don't play Roll Out The Barrel often enough or you'll find yourself outside looking in!
Talk about disappointment.  We went here last summer expecting a great german meal.  My family is German and we enjoy trying German restaruants for a taste of home.  

The food was not good, the place run down, and overall gross atmosphere.  So sad.  I wish someone would come in an fix it up.  This place gives German restaurants a bad name.  Make your way to Chicago for some great German food.
Fun place to be, live entertainment most of the time, food pretty good for the most part. I've had better German but it's usually still real good. Great place to take a big group. Order up a boot and learn the rules of the game.
I cannot comment on the food, but the ambiance on a Friday night was great. There was a fun polka band, fun polka dancing, many boots of beer. A good time was had by all.
I like to drink as much as the next person but Essen Haus promotes binge drinking and throwing up.  The food here is beyond reproach.  With so many choices in Madison why go to some place and force feed yourself beer to the point of throwing up when you can get drinks, better music and better crowd in tons of other bars.
I have drunk many litres of beer here.
I have drunk from the boot.

The items to try:
Big soft pretzels with mustard and horseradish.
Their liver dumpling soup, with rye bread, an option for the entrees.
Unhappily, the spiced prime rib has lost something over the years.
I haven't been to very many German restaurants but the few I've been to Walzwerk and Suppenkuche in San Francisco are SO much better than Essen Haus.  

We ordered the Rahm Schnitzel (breaded pork tenderloin) which was ok but the mushroom sauce tasted like they had melted a whole stick of butter and poured it all over the pork!  

The Jaeger Schnitzel (non-breaded pork tenderloin w/white wine sour cream gravy) had no flavor and wasn't good at all.  

Both dishes came with Spaetzle (noodle sidedish) which I've never had before and didn't care for at all!

The Red Cabbage side was actually kind of good and interesting.  Kind of tasted like it had beets and a little bit of cinnamon or nutmeg.

I think it's too overpriced for the poor quality of food they serve.  I can't see myself eating at this place again.  Drinking beer maybe, but the food...absolutely not.
I'm probably one of a handful of Asian gals from Southern California who truly appreciates German culture - took the language in high school and college & have no shame saying that polka music can be pretty entertaining.  So I had high hopes for Essen Haus when I went during a recent visit since it's in the reputed capital of German culture in America.  Alas, the food was disappointing.  So why the generous four stars?  Because their festive Oktoberfest & yummy brats (for just $2.50!!) goose-stepped its way into my heart.  

It's also pretty awesome that this place whole-heartedly embraces the drinking (without being drunk and stupid) culture around these parts.  Where else can you go (or at least for me since I'm in SoCal) to see a gigantic boot larger than my own calf full of great German beer?  And you can't give a place less than four stars if they have 26 beers on tap, especially my personal girly fave, Leinie's Berry Weiss.  

It's also pretty damn cool that Essen Haus is bookmarked by two other bars/restaurants, Up North and Come Back In.  This was probably one of my favorite joints in Madison.
I have to echo what the previous person said. This place can be summed up in three words, binge drinking and polka.

This is where I go, because I am a tourist and am impressed by the giant beer vessels. I recognize that this place has no character, shitty decor, annoying patrons, bad food, and cheesy music... but they have a 3L boot and, as I discovered yesterday, a 5L stein!! That's 10 pints for $50 (which by WI prices is a huge ripoff). But still, 5 liters of beer.

Let's recap the evening, came, drank too much beer, danced polka, and then paid homage to the porcelain goddess.
Great place to go on Thursday nights.  Its packed so you have to go early but they have half price boots with popcorn and peanuts- what could be better. I've never eaten here but have heard the food isn't very good
Who would've thought that the best freaking wings in the world would come from a run down German restaurant in Madison??  They're kind of a fried chicken/hot wings hybrid, and they were FANTASTIC.  

Other than that, the Essen Haus was exactly like every other German beer house I've ever been to.  There are lots of sausage choices, German beers on tap, and a polka band is playing.  There's a boot to pass around, and people drunkenly polka.  If this sounds like fun to you, check it out.
So I had planned on going somewhere else for my birthday, but ended up at the Essen Haus.  I'm only writing about this to warn ye, Yelpers, that they clearly are pretty flaky about reservations so reserve with caution.  One big "woo" to the Essen Haus for taking reservations... even last minute ones.  I arrive with my party of 15, and find 4 angry separate groups of people at the hostess stand.  In total there are three younger women-hostessess who look like they are near tears, and two men-manager-looking types who appear in charge are being gruff and yelling at customers and their co-workers alike.  I finally let them know that I had arrived and we were sat about 40 minutes after our reservation time. (One angry customer had been there for an hour and a half.)   Ugh. Thankfully I appetizer-ed up my guests beforehand.  

Our service was lovely and attentive.  I am a fan of the Optimator Beer -- in fact I have had lovely drinking and polka dancing experiences during times previous.  The food was hellishly horrible.  The cod fish fry was stringy, tough, and inedible.   The potato side dish, be it fries, pancakes, or baked, were cold.  

The beer and the polka are the only saving graces of this establishment.  Consume both heavily.
I love the Essen Haus

I can probably say this statement though because I do not eat here.

If you're going here for the dining experience, well, I feel sorry for you, cause it does suck, and well, it isn't the reason most people are here.  

The Essen Haus is good for one thing - drinking heavily, getting really drunk and dancing your ass off to polka music from the live 3 piece polka band that's there on weekends.  

If that sounds like a good time to you, I think you'll love the Essen Haus too.
stumbled upon this place and ended up having a story to tell all of my friends. very unique decor, steins hanging from the ceiling, bartenders wearing lederhosen, and a bunch of college students drinking  beer from a boot. the night i wandered into this place i was greeted with the best polka music i've ever heard. 

a great time just waiting for you at the essen haus.
Fantastic brew pub!
Excellent beer, friendly staff and incredible polka band. Everyone really seems to have a great time at this spot. 
I only had beer there, not their food so I can't review that.
As far as their beer goes, it's great!
You must drink from the boot however. ;)
Great place to go with a group of friends and get drunk. 
You must like German style beer to appreciate.
Although we had a reservation, we still had to wait over an hour to get a table. But, I wasn't too surprised considering the fact that it was a Friday night and I was rolling with a party of 24. Lucky for me, I had taken Carolyn B's advice and had made sure to arrive "pre-appetizered."

The food is way over-priced considering it's depressingly low quality. I seriously wonder if my wiener schnitzel is available at Woodman's in the frozen meal aisle. It was bad -- but I was hungry, very hungry. The salad was a joke, plain and simple.

I would have given the Essen Haus four stars purely based on the fun "binge drinking from a boot set to live polka music" experience, but the abysmal food quality ratcheted them down a couple notches.
We came to this place to drink out of the boot.  And that we did.  Upon receiving our boot, I was dismayed to find that they no longer use glass boots.  They claim that too many people were making off with the boots despite the $50 deposit.  Huh...are the boots really that expensive?

My guess is that one too many drunkards had to be rushed to the hospital with a broken foot and the owners decided that it would be a public service to the residents of Madison to suspend use of the glass boot and replace it with a lame plastic one.

Anyways, other than the boot, we ordered some cheese curds (they weren't quite what we expected) and the reuben dip, which is just what it sounds like.  Minus the Russian dressing of course, which I still think may have been in the recipe even though the menu makes no mention of it.  I think I felt my cholesterol rise while sitting there in the bar.

The polka band was playing and that was cool I guess.  If you are into polka that is.  If you are not, you would probably want to shoot yourself.  But I was into polka that night, which made it much more fun for me than if was not.  Woo Hoo!
This place was so dirty it made me sick.  If I would have stayed more than ten minutes I would have needed a shower.  Has a health inspector actually signed off on this retched place?
The food is not very good, but that's not what this place is about. It's about drinking a lot of German beer out of a giant boot in a rowdy, crowded place while listening to a live polka band. If that sounds fun to you, then you'll like the Essen Haus.
Remember a few things and you'll be fine:

1.  Drink good German Bier
2.  Dont eat (besides the pretzels)
3.  Whatever you do, go when its dark so you cant see the filth
4.  Drink good German Bier
5.  Polka
6.  Boots (although I am disappointed they went to plastic)
7.  Drink good German Bier

Lets all be honest, the place is gross.  But their beer is fantastic and the German kitsch grows on you after a boot or two.
Good beers and great German foods. We had to learn all about the traditions and power of the das boot! We were smashed when we left but had a great time.

The steins hanging everywhere make for great eye candy.
Wisconsin doesn't have good German food in general, but this place has some of the worst. My impression of that one severely overpriced jaegerschnitzel dish was a dried tiny piece of cutlet with surprisingly decent red cabbage and spaetzle that tasted like fried crickets from Mainland China. The liver dumpling soup's just one giant bland liver ball sitting in there and most of their other food items aren't that great, but you really shouldn't be there for the food anyway.

What's seriously redeeming about this place is the beer selection. I've had a couple European buddies of mine complain about the beer being watered down, but they have a decent selection. The atmosphere is seedy and the place can be a real dump (yes, it is dirty), but it's a fun place to take your friends on a birthday party just to laugh, drink (I've yet to try the boot), joke, and polka.

So basically no stars for the food and two stars overall because of a decent beer selection (watered down by a lot) and the fun kitschy atmosphere.
I dined here in a group before the Billy Joel/Elton John concert. What can I say? It is what it is. A fun atmosphere with a stellar selection of German beer and hearty Alpine food. I especially liked the attention to detail--salty, fresh Dutch pretzels in a basket accompanied by a trio of mustards (sweet and hot) and horseradish. In summation, their 'wurst is the best'!
Good Things: 
1. Thursday night half-priced boots of beer ($10 per boot) with a live polka band. 
2. Free pretzels and mustard when you eat dinner. 
3. Outdoor seating that isn't generally packed for dinner- even though it looks over the parking lots, at least you can be outside!
4. Spill-over seating in the Come Back Inn so there is ALWAYS somewhere to sit. 
5. Free popcorn or peanuts for drinking!

Bad Things: 
1. Dinner entrees range from about $14-20 and the quality and amount of  food does not make it feel like a very good deal.
2. Very tiny salad comes with the entrees.
3.  Beware of puke after midnight on Thursdays (not the fault of the restaurant but still, watch out). 

Moral of this review: Drink boots of beer here on Thursday nights (get there by 10pm during the school year if you want a place to sit) and never eat dinner here.
A bonus star for the German beer, which is really quite good.  Apparently a Madison institution, we came here on a Thursday  night.  Really loud crowd on the patio where we ate.  

I loved the idea of the beer in a boot, but no one in our party was brave enough to get it (is it one of those things that you're supposed to share or just do yourself)?  

My friend apparently always gets the burger when he comes and enjoys it, but the rest of us were feeling adventurous, and paid for it as well.  Not only are the entrees expensive for Madison, but they're somewhat strange and not that good.

I did enjoy the free pretzels that came, but I did not enjoy the liver dumpling soup.  It's probably important to specify the liver part of it when you say dumpling soup.  I'll take some of the blame on not asking what kind of dumpling soup, but I was really expecting some sort of dough, not a ball of liver.  

I had the veal, which was extremely thin and somewhat tasteless.  Gotta say, my friend's burger looked really good.  

I would come back to drink, but definitely not to eat - which I suppose is what everyone else says as well.
DAS BOOT!!! The beer is the staple that keeps me coming back to the Essen Haus, especially with their selection of authentic German beers. Outstanding drinks and plenty of it, huge steins for little money. The huge boot is only $15 on Thursday night, so happy hour here usually turns into happy late night!!
The food isn't bad, sits heavy if you're not ready of used to it though. The fish fry on Friday is pretty good too, all you can eat cod for $10 isn't bad!!
Very good German beer selection on tap.  Franziskaner Hefeweizen on tap is elixir of the gods if you ask me.  It has banana and clove esters, is cloudy, uses a magnificent yeast, etc. The Franziskaner Dunkelweizen dark wheat is interesting but no where near as good as the regular cloudy wheat Hefe.   The flavor balance of the Hefe is far more favorable, though some nice, medium-dark malt flavors grace the dark wheat.

Food at Essen Haus is good, but not as good as I remember it being 5 or 10 years ago.  The best dish may be the Wurst platter, but the Sauerbraten and Jaegerschnitzel were good.   The red cabbage salad was very nice, as others have mentioned.  Had vinegar and sugar seasoning, and I think I tasted coriander as the spice which seemed to elude other reviewers.

The warm pretzels served with different mustards are excellent if salty.  Why is it that breweries and beer houses serve really salty food?  I'll leave that as an exercise to the reader...
Okay, I didn't eat anything but hot pretzels and I was there with a huge group after a wedding and all we did was drink beer from enormous glass boots. But that was great fun, so it wins four stars. It's a perfect stop on a pub crawl. It has personality. I could totally imagine it sucking if you were stone cold sober or hungry or in a different place than I was.
I've been to the Essen Haus four times before, and as a German, I think your food is mediocre and overpriced. But let's be honest, I'm not there for the food. I'm there to drink beer from a boot, and bop to polka music. You know this, I'm sure of it....

So I'm not sure why you were OUT OF BOOTS on Saturday. Where did they go???? More importantly, WHY weren't we offered something else instead of a boot??? Our waitress kept saying she was trying to locate an extra, but 40 minutes into our dinner, I told her to get us beer NOW or we're walking out. She brought us, a table of nine people, a half pitcher of beer and small miller light glasses...  What??? Not even beer steins??? 'They're not even busy!' I thought because there were two open tables near us the whole night, but when we finally abandoned our sad dinner, we walked outside and found a line around the block! I'm so confused. Get your act together Essen Haus. You're no Brauhaus Chicago. :P
I'm reviewing based on experience of St.Patrick's Day festivities. It was probably about 10 pm and my husband wanted his final beer. Being that I don't drink, my choice beverage was a massive iced tea. As good as standard iced tea gets, but the lively polka music brought me back to my friend's very traditional Polish wedding. Their menu consists of meat, meat and more meat with a sighting of a Portabella burger. Meh. I was glad we ate before we came here 'cause the cuisine is not my scene.
If you want german kitsch, come here.  Waitresses and waiters in lederhosen, with the occasional live german band, also clad in lederhosen.  You can drink from a boot, or a stein.  Beer selection is good.  In general, a passable drinking experience if you're in the mood.

But the food.  18.95 for some schnitzel.  You gotta be kidding me?!  Is there gold in there?  No, I imagine that would have more flavor.  The food is just laughably overpriced, and I'd love to meet a german person that actually enjoys the food here.
The Essen Haus is THE place to be on a Thursday night with a group of friends. Why, you ask? Because it is BOOT NIGHT!!!! 2L boots, 1L mugs, and the epic undertaking of the 5L mug! All of these comes at incredibly reduced prices and high quality German beers (this ain't no Heineken!) The drinking of the boots comes with certain traditions and techniques such as never setting it down on the table and always turn the boot sideways when it starts to bubble (important!). Also on Thursdays is a live Polka band, accordion and all! After 10 the bar also has a late night menu of different burgers and fries for only $3.00! So the next time you are in Madison, give the Essen Haus a go!
This is a great place to kick back and have a few boots of amazing German Beer with your friends and co-workers!  I did say boot...you order a giant glass boot of beer...think of it as Cinderella for men!  I also believe it is 5L of beer too. There are some rules like: Remember to keep passing it around and to never let it touch the table.  I think they made this rule, so you drink more.  This is a dangerous rule! 

I have never eaten the food here but I would love to try it.  This place is like going to Oktoberfest without paying for an expensive plane ticket to Germany!!!

I just found out that the owner owns the hotel upstairs...which includes two free drinks for every nigh you stay plus you get breakfast at his other restuarant next door...so I will have to investigate this on my next trip here...at least the walk home would only be upstairs!
Ok, I didn't like this place, but my husband did.  So, split vote!
HOW CAN ANYONE NOT LOVE ESSEN HAUS?! I have no experience with the food, but between boots of beer and polka dancing, what else on earth matters?

And if you're not in a beer-boot-mood, the other drinks are pretty cheap too.

Also the bar is HUGE!
Pretty unique experience. Copious drinking, comfort food, and polka brings together a really odd combination of college kids, retirees, and yuppies. Yummy selection of German beers.

Come with a group that knows how to play the boot passing game! It's really fun! They also have a giant stein that holds something like 3L of beer.
i love that there are official rules when it comes to drinking a boot.

i.e. these people are my kind of people.
I actually insisted on going here because my husband spent some time in Germany and I wanted to have a little German experience of my own. He recommended the Jaeger Schnitzel, which I went nuts over. I'm not a huge beer fan so I didn't get a boot but I had fun watching every other table enjoy theirs. The environment was really neat. Watching people polka dance was quite an experience as well.
Great selection of flavorful German beers. OK German food, but I've had better sauerbraten--tasted like it had been in a crock pot a bit too long, sort of dried out. My dining companions said the same thing about their wurst plates--OK, but not great. Big, busy place, but they found a place for eight of us. Waitress was friendly and willing to accommodate separate checks.
The manager is a huge jerk.

They have a great deal for boots on Thursday nights, and it can be a lot of fun, but we have had several bad experiences with the manager. 

Last week we went there with some friends and were pressured into playing the boot game (you flick the boot before and after you drink, aren't allowed to put it down, and the person before the finishing person buys the next boot). We had more friends join so decided to switch tables. I picked up the boot and a grumpy server turned around and ran into me spilling about a pint of the boot! He didn't even apologize let alone fill up our full pitcher of boot. I was able to find a towel to clean up. 

Our waiter, however, was very friendly and prompt. He was short and pixie-esque, and provided excellent service on a crowded Thursday night. 

The live polka music was fun and my friends and I enjoyed doing the chicken dance! Since we drank more than expected we decided to leave our car and get a cab home.  

When we returned the next morning at 10:20 we had a ticket on the windshield for parking on private property! The police said that they would take the fine away if the restaurant wrote saying that we were customers there. When my boyfriend spoke with the manager he said there was nothing they could do since we did not tell anyone we were leaving the car there. He refused to write a letter, which would have taken all of 5 minutes.  It was a huge parking lot and there were only about 10 cars in it so it wasn't like we were preventing customers from parking.  I also think it is a a bit ridiculous that we would have to announce to the bar that we were getting a cab home, and that we would be fined for making  a responsible decision and not driving after drinking. 

My boyfriend's band has also played at the Come Back In (Connected to the Essen Haus, same manager) and the manager has been extremely rude to the band and our friends. Each time his band has played there it has brought in at least 40 paying customers that came just for the band, and the sass was not warranted
I wish I could pronounce the beers here ... This place was aite... your average beers with some german names .. Its def a to do when you come to Madison .. but it was really weird .. When I walked in I felt like I was lost in some Disneyland ride ... I must have came here on a off night there was a weird man who I think was homeless not sure was sitting there and just talking to himself... I came with some coworkers ... We finished our beers as fast as we could and left
I really enjoyed the crowd here -- it was a nice mix of undergrads, graduate students, professionals and older couples. Service was prompt and friendly. Also, polka is -- dare I admit -- a bit of a "guilty pleasure" of mine so the music hit the sweet spot as much the giant boots full of beer.
Beer, beer, beer! Beer is top notch. Everything else...food, service, liquor is second. Come here expecting to drink a beer out of a giant boot, not for any other experience. Inconveniences can be overlooked due to the general ambiance of the place. They REALLY could use some improvement with their servers, however.
Giant boots filled with beer, giant pretzels with cheese, live Polka music, college servers in dirndls?

I can't think of a better place to act like a Deutschbag.
Very well done authentic fresh German dishes refreshingly not over-seasoned as either a vinegar or salt bomb. Exceptional apple strudel. Dinner was very reasonable with all full dinners ( we had leftovers) under $19 and lunch looked very reasonable at under $10.

We missed the polka bands by about an hour and can report that on Sundays you get a free bottle of wine with two dinner entres. Another gorgeous rehabbed interior with lots of wood on the wall and some fascinating antique German art/artifacts. We did see some large boots of beer traveling around a table that was having a great time. 

We arrived pretty late on a Sunday night and were served perfectly by Alex the bar manager who we really liked. I think a perfect night would include being served the same meals AT Alex's gorgeous bar WITH the polka band. Thank you.
Please god, show up at least semi buzzed so you are distracted by the filth that is the Essen Haus.  Then order up a boot of beer for you and your friends.  Skip the food in general, but the soft pretzels will do in a pinch if the copious amounts of beer have endangered your stomach.

the good:  their excellent selection of German beer, boots of beer and kitschy polka bands
the bad: everything else, including the kitschy polka bands
Came here with my sister and a few friends who insisted I have a boot before I leave Wisconsin. The atmosphere was interesting to say the least. Filled with German knick knacks and beer steins. It's a food & pub, so plan on waiting for the dining room to clear out before drinkers only can fill it up. 

The night we went there was live polka, a must for any German establishment. 

Be thankful the lights are dim, as a previous reviewer mentioned the place is pretty filthy. It's carpeted floors and anybody knows that carpet and drunk people just don't mix. You'd think they would have learned from Waffle Houses. 

Countless German beers on tap. It was kind of overwhelming. My favorite is the Optimizer. I felt sorry for my group that I got it in a gigantic boot since nobody else has a fondness for thick malty (and highly potent) ales. All in all, great fun.
Well, my credit card statement tells me I was at the Essen Haus on Saturday.

I have a blurred version of the night that goes something like this...
1. Good and buzzed, Annie and friends move the party to the Essen Haus for boots. According to the credit card statement, they cost about $25 each.
2. Annie wakes up the following morning, with a 1/2 eaten slice of Ian's Pizza on the nightstand.
3. Annie and friends return to the Essen Haus to claim left credit cards and a Men's Warehouse sport coat (complete with boutonniere still attached to the lapel from a wedding). Oh, and to eat breakfast next door at the Come Back In.

That's pretty much how most trips to the Essen Haus have gone for me, but here are some tips for a successful time here:
-Don't get any food. I had dinner here once with my parents and it was awful.
-Dance. Polka. Go on, get out there.
-Be good to the staff. They have to handle some of the drunkest people in Madison on a regular basis.
-Toe up. In more ways than one.
I can't comment on the food since I've only been there for drinks. Go here to drink from "das boot!" They have a great selection of delicious German beers :)
This place was a disappointment. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. Nothing to write home about, especially for 15+ per entree. Some highlights do include the relaxed atmosphere, live music, and free pretzels. I also do not like lagers, so that may have not been the best choice, in terms of beer, for me.
Came to Essen Haus with my fiance and my sister and her friends.  We went through 6 boots and had a fantastic night.  The prices were moderate, and the waiter kept refilling our water, popcorn and peanuts.  A must visit for anyone in Madison.
Very friendly service here - and for a large group of people, many of the members of which were slightly approaching out of control, this was pretty excellent so hats off to the ladies who took care of us.    The boots of beer are large and appear quickly for sharing.  Tasty pretzels.  The menu itself is pretty standard - I had the sauerbraten sandwich and I guess I was expecting more.  It was a lot drier than I am used to and it seems like it could have absorbed a bit more flavor.  The bread it came on was good and the breaded fries were average.  The husband had the veal schnitnzel and it seemed to be pretty much what we have at our usual place at home.   Average portion sizes.  It was a good drinking place,  though with the live band, it made having any sort of conversation extremely difficult.  The volume was probably at 14 or 15.  Worth trying, though not sure we would put it on our list of must-go places if we make a return trip.
Well, the beer list is hard to beat, and the great Germian food is fantastic.
This has got to be one the most fun places I have ever been to in Madison. It is all about the German Heritage in Wisconsin! They have live polka quite a lot. A ton of fantastic German beers and a ton of other options for you! The big Steins hung on the ceiling keep you interested and looking around. Their outside seating area is great in the summer with the nightlife of Madison. One of the most cultured and coolest places to have a new and exciting experience.
Great time took a group of friends there and we all enjoyed it. Many glasses of Paulander Weiss and some good German food. Loved the kraut the schnitzles and the pretzels with the horseradish dip mmmmmm
Fun place dine for all.  Excellent german food and of course much beer to choose from.  Don't forget to get your boot or mug.  Also have a great dinner you can work it off to some great polka music in the evening.  If you never been here you must stop.  I know you will have a wonderful experience.
I absolutely love the Essen Haus. I can say, with certainty, it is one of my favorite bars in madison. They have live polka music, a huge spread for seating, and a variety of great beer. Since they rely so heavily on the beer aspect of things, their other drinks aren't outstanding, but they do have a quieter, more "bar-like" side and a louder, more boisterous side. By getting into the German spirit, Essen Haus succeeds in making me smile.
Do you have any local beers? 
No, we're not a Wisconsin restaurant, we're a German restaurant.

A good one, too. Certainly A-OK. S.U. had the wiener schnitzel, I had a pair of smoked pork chops. Both came with fried potatoes and sauerkraut. I washed the large portions down with a liter of their imported Octoberfest Amber Not bad at all. Wait staff is dressed in kitsch costume, beer steins and German Beer House decorations are everywhere.  We listened to a concertina player playing polkas with a recorded rhythm section. A bit jazzy now and then if you like a polka version of "Lullaby in Birdland". Still, you've got to support live music.

We're told that after 9PM and on weekends it can get quite full of students. They have an interesting and inexpensive late night food menu and dance floor. 

We lived 10 years in Portland, OR  near a German Restaurant named Gustav's. Never went in once. Now that we're in Wisconsin it looks like we'll need to embrace a few more aspects of German culture. It's everywhere.
Visit the Essen Haus for the boot of beer and for the experience. Do not visit the Essen Haus for the food.

As many other reviewers have already said, the boots of beer make this place tons of fun and unique. Well, fun if you can remember! My group finished three boots.

Unfortunately, I was expecting much better food than what I had. The Essen Haus food was just okay. Very much "okay." After visiting Germany on multiple occasions, I feel as though I have a good sense of what makes good German food and what doesn't. And the Essen Haus is not on my "Good German Food" list. 

I also unfortunately got the sense that the place overall just is not very clean. 

Want to have a great time drinking? Visit the Essen Haus! Skip the food.

** Edited to add: Our waitress seemed a little confused when we asked for Radeberger beer, a popular German import. I found it odd that the Essen Haus didn't carry this since every other German restaurant in the states that I've visited did have Radeberger.
'I barfed in das boot at Essen Haus'

They sell shirts here that say (something along the lines of) 'I had a boot at Essen Haus'. I would have bought TOTALLY bought one of those shirts... but only if it had my more accurately titled shirt from above.

Seriously fun. Seriously sh*tty beer. Serious polka madness. Seriously sub-par service.

I might be spoiled by living so close to best damn German bar ever (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-bavarian-lodge-lisle#hrid:mTbzuMp3HU-tduzdQ-_UMA) but judging from the just above 3 star average I still had an 'on par' average experience... but a boot was involved, sooo yay! + puke, because I REALLY wanted to be the one to finish it off... but that would have defo meant me barfing in the boot... which is apparently my faux pas. 

I love beer. I'm all for twinks, short jortsand lederhosen. And as if I even had to mention the polka... bc ya know I'm down for some squeezebox and then some, but Essen Haus, beyond being a Mad City tourist attraction, is just okay Still a 'must see' if in the area. I can't say much for the food beyond the peanuts and popcorn (imma have mayjah sodium face manana) but the beer selection is pretty much just sh*tty German "imports" and the service goes like this:

Server: What do you want? 
You: Some kind of beer. 
Server: Okay. Sign for $75 deposit if you break the glass on top of the $25 boot
Server drops off boot
You: finish boot (hopefully do NOT barf in das boot)
Server: Another boot?
You: I hate you. 
Server: Brings check
You: Pay, contemplate polka-ing, but worry about puking on the dance floor and leave... amidst a batch of skeezy bachelorette parties and low budget post-cubicle hell functions. 

I don't hate it. I'm happy I went this one time. I'm more happy I didn't barf in the boot.
German food. Giant frikken beers (very good!!), giant food with saurkraut and fried shit, and german everything. German german german and very good!! I don't even remember what I ate but it was delicious!
The Germans do some things really well, others not so much.  War is a national sport (the division they play in, including France, Belgium, Poland, and Luxembourg,  is ridiculously easy, not like the tougher US, Russia, China league) and high-end sports cars with typical Teutonic over-engineering ("you know, the Germans make good stuff") define this European powerhouse.

Beer is something the Germans do well, specifically lagers.  We sampled (quaffed or guzzled would be better words) several of their drafts, and all of them were medicine for my inner goose-stepper.  Cheese curds, found everywhere in Madison, were as good as any.

Food, and romance, are not something the Germans do particularly well.  I had the brat selection, served with three different brats over a bed of sauerkraut  with some fried potatos.  Nothing really special, but as you're throwing back half-liters it almost doesn't matter.  You came here to drink.  Under no circumstances should you conquer a neighboring table.
Went to Essen Haus for a friend's birthday on a Saturday night and had a great time! 

Dancing to the chicken dance played by the polka band (per our request =) was a blast! Good beer selection, large food portions, the fried mushrooms were good and cheese curds were so-so. I loved the pretzels and honey mustard (delish!).
Great beer and a great place to go with lots of friends.  Loud polka music to dance to (if drunk enough) and gigantic boots filled with strong German beers.  The beer menu is incredible, just be prepared to spend a little on it.  Also, DON'T BREAK THE BOOTS!!  They will charge your card for it and it's a hefty price.
Gimmie the boot! Gimmie the boot! Biggie woulda been singing his praises of the Essen Haus' big 'ol boot fulla beer if he were still here. Reasonably priced, das boot can be filled with one of the Haus' wide variety of German Weiss, I sprang for the Manolo Alligator boot (aka the best): Hacker Pschorr. I felt nice and warm by the time my warm kraut and knockwurst arrived. Good texture and flavor are key in any German dish, and there was no disappointment here. The not-too-vinegar-y kraut was crispy and conformed to the knock nicely. With such an upbeat, lively atmosphere and staff, how could I not give it a 5 star? Dieses Boot ist für sie, Biggie!
Went here on a trip for my friend's bachelor party and it was what a beer hall should be.  Frauleins, polka and great beer.  Didn't try much food as it was later in the evening, but being able to get a burger for $3.00 while your group is polishing off 8 boots of beer is always a winner.
If you're looking for a place to slam down a few beers, that's one thing.  But, if you're looking for a good German restaurant.  The Essen Haus isn't it.  
Their restaurant isn't well kept up and, the inside of the restaurant is shabby.  The tables and chairs are the same tables and chairs that they were using 20 years ago.
Their service is slow, their beer is luke warm, and their food is no better than average.  They could do a better job of cleaning and maintaining the place. 
Madison only has one  German restaurant(the Essen Haus).  And, with no competition, the Essen Haus doesn't have much incentive to change.  
If anyone out there wants to start a German restaurant, it would be pretty easy to beat the competition from the Essen Haus.
Boots. Drinking games. Polka band. It's where college co-eds come alive and adults pretend like they still have "the moves."
I didn't go to the Essen Haus much in college because it was far to walk on those cold, Wisconsin nights.  Which basically meant EVERY night of both semesters, which is why I only have one memory of visiting in 4 years.  

Now that I'm old(er) and have a car, some friends and I drove to the Essen Haus for dinner because one guy kept talking about knackwurst.  Note: there's a huge parking lot lot on the side of the restaurant.

Unfortunately, there was no knackwurst on the menu.  A friend and I split the schnitzel with the kickass mushroom gravy.  We doubled our order of spaetzel and had side salads.  German food can be hit or miss and although a bit pricey, the portions and the quality sort of make up for it.  Also, I kind of feel sorry for the guys who have to wear lederhosen uniforms so I don't mind throwing them a few extra dollar bills.  Average cost for a plate is $18.

When we first arrived we were seated in what can only be called "Conference Room B," not in the main room but in a very separate, quieter room.  We asked to be reseated and there we were, right smack in the middle of German decor of a big moose head on the wall and a stein the height of a 6 year old.  Several tables were passing around the boot.  I always thought that was a gross, unhygienic tradition.  Essen Haus is a good place to bring out of towners to see the German cultural side of Wisconsin.  So, for special nights only or birthdays because on a student budget, yikes!
We didn't do any essening, just a lot of drinking. Literally entered, ordered boot, drank like I hadn't had beer in years. 
The band playing at the time was spectacular. Even before the beer kicked in. Older gentlemen, with an Americana sound, doing ample covers of classic tunes. The drummer looked like John Malkovich, so we called them The Dirty Malkoviches. No idea what their real name is. 
The tables around us were friendly and chatty. Our Korean-in-lederhosen waiter was endearing. And the chanting and pounding when the glass boots were finished made for a jovial experience. 
Good college-town fun.
We had one more dinner in Madison and decided Essen Haus would be ours.  It was a Saturday night and we were worried about getting a table at 730pm but not only did we get a table right away, we found parking right outside!  The inside had the look and feel of a European restaurant and the staff was dressed in a variety of olde timey German looking garb.  The beer selection was awesome.  Lots of German brands.  My buddies got Spaten and were pleased with that.  I tried the Hofbräu Oktoberfest and stuck with that.  It was wonderfully cold and fresh.  A free basket of warm pretzels made the beer even better.
Since we were now addicted to cheese curds, we started with that.  They were the best we've had so far. I still don't know what these things are made of and I still don't care!  For dinner I had Wiener Schnitzel which came with sauerkraut and fried potatoes.  The Schnitzel was giant and very tasty.  Not a big fan of kraut but my buddies also had it and advised that it was good.  
By 9 we noticed the place was full and then the umpa band started playing and the Essen Haus earned it's fourth star!  The music was the standard polka stuff but you can't help but tap your feet and be happy.
1 Liter Steins and 2 Liter Boots of several good German beers.  Seasonals were all Octoberfests.  Had the Hofbrau and it was fantastic.  Food is a mix of traditional German and American (think steaks and Prime Rib).  The Prime Rib was very good, cooked perfectly, and in typical German Restaurant fashion, lacked in overall seasoning.  The warm pretzels with mustard served to your table when you sit down are a nice touch.  They try real hard, but for me the food just falls a bit short on flavor, largely due to under seasoning.  The beer, on the other hand, is awesome!
This is a non-food review. I've had their cheese curds (ok), but that is all. My friend refuses to eat here since his friend had a less than stellar experience working in the kitchen.

Anyway, the live polka music is amazing. One of the bands who plays on Thursdays is fantastic. They were playing everything we requested so we tipped them well! They have a great selection of German beers. If you've never had beer from a boot, you must do it here. Pass the boot around with your friends for a good time. They give you/you can ask for popcorn with your beer (free).

Oh, and boots are half off on Thursdays!
Boots, polka dance, and free popcorn... Why not?

Essen Haus is a good place to hang out and feel young again. If you're hungry and need a little something in your stomach before you crank up the volume, the brats they serve come in handy.
Went to Essen Haus for a birthday party meal last night, and as this was a last minute option, I had no expectations.

Which ending up being a good thing, because it didn't deliver much.

I will say, I was very glad to see they had vegetarian options. I ordered the portabella cap, and while I like mine cooked a lil more, they sandwich had great flavor. However, the bottom of the pretzel bun was so soggy that I'm surprised the sandwich didn't completely crumble. My boyfriend ordered the Deutsch sampler which had pork 2 ways and a sausage with kraut and German potato salad, The total for his? 17 bucks. I found that to be completely outrageous as the plate did not have that much food on it.

My drinks were reasonably priced. I had a .5 Liter glass of Strongbow for 6 dollars which I found to be quite fair.

You wanna know what was just absolutely unforgivable though? The women's bathrooms. They were terrifying! They were disgusting and one of the doors to the stalls didn't lock!

And as it was a Saturday night they had live music...which made it impossible to hear anyone not sitting next to you. Not exactly appetizing when you are trying to have a family meal..

I would maybe stop by Essen for a drink on a weeknight, but I wouldn't stop here for a meal on a weekend again.
Where else in Madison can you chug down a full boot of beer as people in kilts egg you on while pounding furiously on the tables?
Essen Haus is one of those places you try once for the experience, but then never have the urge to return to again. I like the atmosphere and the general decor of the bar. However, I think the beer boots are way overhyped and way overpriced. A 2 liter boot costs between $20-25, but is really only equivalent to 6 cans of beer (yes, we calculated this)...and that just doesn't make much sense to me. Plus, I was paranoid that someone would shatter the glass boot and that we would have to pay $55 to replace it...

This bar is great for large, rowdy crowds - but not so great for my four-person party that was basically edged off of our table by a much larger (and rapidly expanding) group next to us. Our server gave us the option to move to another table, but really? Who is going to give up a table in the middle of the floor for one near the windows. 

Otherwise, I thought the live music was great. My friends had a swell time dancing up a polka storm, which served as my entertainment for the duration of the night.
This place is heaven! The food is really authentic and it walks that fine line between genuine and kitchy really well. Yes there's polka music and yes the servers wear traditional German clothing but it's not too much flare. The food here was amazing. Since the portions are so large, we split 2 entrees between two people. We started with beers which the server was very knowledgeable about and really enjoyed the pretzels + sauerkraut and spicy mustard that we were brought early on.

The salads that came with the meal were also really great! Get the Deutch salad if you can. The carrots/beans/slaw were really different and fresh. The brats were yummy as were the accompanying German potatoes. We also really liked the Schnitzels. I didn't think I liked German food before eating here but now I love it! To finish our meal we shared the most delicious cheery strudel.

Essen Haus is a must if you're visiting Madison. It's really close to the lake too so in the summer time, it's a nice meal to incorporate into exploring the area.
The good news is that the Essen Haus is an authentic German restaurant and beer hall. The bad news? German food isn't cuisine that attracts most foodies.  It's hearty and tastes good with bier (German-inspired spelling).  More bier, more better. This review focuses on their FRIDAY FISH FRY.  It's one of my favorite locations in madison for Friday fish.  Options include 3-piece, bier battered, deep-fried cod for $10.95 or All You Can Eat  for $13.95.  It also includes several unique options: liver dumpling  soup, salad or Deutsch salad (a selection of 4 marinated vegetables). Potato choices include Batter-dipped french fries, Potato pancakes, Baked potato, German potato salad or Mashed potatoes.  Choose the liver dumpling soup (REALLY) and the potato pancakes.  

To get in quickly, eat early.  To have the most fun, go a bit later. They have live polka music on Friday nights beginning around 8pm.

WARNING: FOOD IS VERY INCONSISTENT.  You'll either get a 4-star experience or a 2-star experience.  We've been going here for fish more than 10 years and this has always been the case.
Essen Haus- Just as I remembered it over 20 years ago when I was a student. Okay, I memories of the Essen Haus are all fuzzy with boots and pretzels. 
Back in town for a reunion, this was one of the 'must have' stops for us. We decided to go with the 1 liter boot because we are old and lame and the sight of the 2 liter boot gave me chills. Well, my two old friends and I managed to get through three 1 liter boots before heading out to a formal dinner. 
The pretzels right out of the oven were fantastic paired with the housemade mustard and horseradish. It was so nice on the patio that we decided to come back the next day for breakfast with a larger group. This time we sat on the Essen Haus porch but ordered off the Come On In menu. Bloody Mary and BLT bagel hit the spot before heading to the airport. 
I often think if my days in Madison over 20 years ago. Things change in life but it's nice to see that some things stay the same.
Pretty cool German restaurant/beer hall.  It's a really big place and they have a lot of outdoor seating. They've got 16 imported German beers on tap which was awesome and the prices were really cheap ($3.50 import pints) but they might have had a special going on  -- I went on a Thursday night. I didn't try any food so I can't comment on that, but it's a cool atmosphere to drink in. The only reason why they don't get 4 stars is the bathrooms -- they were horrible. It reminded me of the bathroom from the episode of "Are You Afraid of the Dark?" where the water zombie attacked the kids in the basement locker room of the old school pool...and if this scene isn't burned into your mind from countless nightmares....the link is below (around minute 19). But yeah, the bathrooms are nasty. 

Pros: ton of imports, great beer garden, cheap prices
Cons: bathroom that could potentially house a drain monster

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoi3GuxiA7A
The food here is massively overpriced and bad quality. You pay for the atmosphere - not even good food presentation! Average dish costs $18 and could feed 3 people. 

Appetizers are ALL horrible. Definitely split a meal if you get one and try to not eat here if you can and stick to the boots and beers here.
The building is old and historical.  Our server was friendly and pleasant.  Atmosphere was great when there was performance on stage.
Unfortunately, I cannot say I'm happy about the food.   I cannot believe how gross the liver dumpling soup was.  The spicy chicken veggie soup was very tasty though.  The free pretzels came with mustard and sauerkraut -- all pretty bad.  The battered fried fish was pretty dry.  I understand that cod is naturally firmer and dryer than haddock.  But how does their fried cod fall THIS short of Avenue Bar's fried cod?    The veal wiener schnitzel was done well.  
Overall I still liked Essen Haus.  I will go there again for beer and the atmosphere, but probably not just for food.
Authentic German food, pleasant and relaxing atmosphere, live music, varied selection of light/med/dark beers. Excellent choice!

This restaurant was recommended to me by a nice lady at the Tanger Outlets in Wisconsin Dells. My husband and I enjoy good German food and Essen Haus fits the bill!

I highly recommend: meat and cheese plate, kartoffelpuffers (potato pancakes), Deutsch platter, Munich platter, and the German chocolate cake. All were so delicious. My husbands family is German, so we had a good point of reference. 

Staff was friendly, knowledgable, and attentive. Can't wait to come back!
Good food.  Manager is kinda of out of control and has no idea what customer service is. He really makes for a bad environment.  I really do like this place and the music is great.  Other than manager great place.
"Alles hat ein Ende nur die Wurst hat zwei"
Translation: "Everything has an end but the sausage has two"
This is one of my favorite German beer drinking songs and is a perfect song for the Essen Haus.  I have many great memories here, and some I cannot remember!
This is a quintessential place to take friends from out of town no matter the age or amount of guests you may have.  
There's plenty of room here for all of your friends and family.  Having lived in Germany this place is authentic.  The beer and atmosphere is the definitely the draw, but the food is decent, and live music fits the bill. 
Who would not be impressed with a boot of beer?  Impressive beer menu, so plan on staying awhile.  Check the website or facebook page for the polka bands.  It's still fun either way, but dancing the night away is a must if you live in Madison.
Just remember to get a ride home... you'll need it!
*** How could I forget to mention the wait staff are all dressed in traditional garb?***
You MUST visit here if you are in Madison!! The beer selection is wonderful. The German food is delicious. The staff couldn't be nicer.  And the polka bands are so much fun.  And don't forget to order a boot!!
Descriptive phrase: das a big boot.

Came for the Boot, stayed for the Boot.

Get some friends, sit outside in their biergarten or inside in the kitschy old German bierhall. Order a real German beer in a glass boot. Proceed to play the game.

You'll get drunk, you'll eat lots of free popcorn, you'll laugh, you'll glub, you'll love it.
A little slice of Germany. The wait staff was friendly, the Schitzel delicious, and the large boot of beer is a must. Sharing the boot is recommended, but you should try at least once to finish it on your own. The pretzels and horeseradish are excellent as well.
For some reason I can't explain we enjoy going to the Come Back In more than our friends.  This time we decided to get something to eat at the Haus instead.  We got the pork  Schnitzel and a burger.  The pretzels before dinner are really nice.  We also got the soup of the day, which I thought was VERY good.  Some squash thing that was much better than expected. The pork was good, the German potatoes were obviously re-heated and unfortunately very dry.  Hit and miss; which was not expected at that price point.  The burger on the other hand was really good as always.  I think the burgers here and at the CBI are underrated.  I believe they have some of the best in town.  We still had excellent service and an enjoyable time.  We will be back, but probably not for the German food unfortunately.
Greatest bar of all time.  Drinking delicious beer out of giant glass boots AND listening to polka music? You really can't go wrong.   You should request  "She's too fat for me" because it's the best song ever.
The beer was the best part.  Can't help but get the feeling, either this place gets SO much traffic, it's hard to maintain, or owners are taking money out and not reinvesting.  Men's bathroom was NOT clean.
First time here. I am German, but I am usually disappointed with most others being too greasy. 

I tried a variety plate and was so surprised to be served and tasting what really seemed like my Grandmothers' pickled beets, and bean salad. She passed away about 15 years ago - and my mother and 4 aunts haven't been able to recreate their mother's beets.

Just so delicious --- and the whole meal was just so excellent. My wife couldn't believe I finished it all...including Dessert.

Thank you for the pleasant memory of my Grandmother!

Of course - no one has ever been able to recreate my mother's Bavarian Chocolate, Rum Chocolate Cake. But I think the Essen Haus should try....
We had a great time here. Loved the ambiance and the cheerful wait staff in their German outfits (and traditional clothing can turn tacky REAL quick but not here) Loved the pretzels to start and the food was all around really great, everyone at our table was happy. I enjoyed the drink menu and the fun polka band playing in the background. 
My only qualm was that I ordered the meat and cheese plate served with "gourmet crackers". My gourmet crackers turned out to be a basket of individually packaged saltines. Now, I love me some cheese and saltines but that wasn't what was described.
We'll be back!
This restaurant has come to typify the Madison ethnic dining experience:  rave reviews for over-priced poorly prepared food that only tastes better because of the impaired judgement of too many beers.  

Our table had a variety of the pork and chicken schnitzel dishes, along with the spaetzle.  The only thing that had any merit was the clam chowder.  The schnitzels were bland, with a heavy, dirty oil taste.  The spaetzle seemed like they went across the street to Wah-Kee and grabbed some noodles.  I've made box spaetzle that tasted better than what we experienced.  Not sure what the fascination is with the factory-made pretzels that you can get at Sam's club.

The bar environment with the polka band and seemed to be festive, which is the only reason this got more than one star.  If you're hungry, plenty of Madison restaurants that do have a passing grade.  If you want German food, if this is the best it gets, may want to try Chicago.
I went with some friends to the joint Essenhaus-Come Back In New Year's Eve party and was seriously impressed. The buffet food ranged from good to excellent (the Jägerschnitzel was real veal medallions in a mushroom sauce, and people were raving about the bread pudding), while their wings -- both fried and in a sweet-tangy barbecue sauce, were among the best I've ever had. Their selection of local and other beers is, of course, impressive. It was also great watching the Millennials polka-ing their hearts out to the German band. All in all, a great way to welcome the New Year. I also have to compliment the staff. Since it was an entirely prepaid evening, the staff were getting few tips. Nonetheless they were incredibly polite, friendly, efficient, and considerate. I hope that the management rewarded them appropriately for their yeoman's service all evening. Looking forward to visiting on my next trip to Madison.
I've been here a bunch of times and have always had a good time! It's a much different atmosphere than most places I go in Madison, but that's what makes it fun. There's usually live music and some older couples dancing. I've never seen Essen Haus crowded, but there are always people there. The busiest I've seen it is during Stein Club on the 2nd Wednesday night of every month. Even then, though, the main dining room is pretty empty.

The best thing you can do here is get a boot (or 2 or 3) and share with your friends! Two of the times I've been here we were able to get some free t-shirts (1 shirt for every 3 boots finished) and we're up for the challenge of trying to get another.

This place is great for big groups or small groups (last night I came with 3 friends and played cards while sharing a boot). It's fun for just drinking or a heavy meal. On Thursday nights, boots are discounted. Not sure about other specials.
Great, authentic German food. Excellent service. My one and only complaint is that there is no reason at all why the polka band needed to be amplified so loud.
Thursday nights are the best at the Essen Haus. With cheap 2 liter boots and abundant space, this restaurant creates the perfect atmosphere for large groups to hang out and drink good beer. 

My friends and I have been here on many occasions, and I have enjoyed each one. I wouldn't say the cuisine is the best (the cheese curds are pretty good though). It's pretty standard fare as far as the reuben, schnitzel, and other German foods go.

The beer is where this place shines. Feel free to bring a deck of cards for Euchre or just hang out. After drinking 3 boots, you get a t-shirt. Like I said earlier, this place is great for large groups. They have multiple booths that have space for groups of 10+ people. Everyone is always in a festive mood and willing to spread their spirit to other people in the Essen Haus.

Be prepared for the chicken dance song though. I heard it at least 3 times the other night.
Go for the beer and polka but skip the food!   Also, Maifest & Oktoberfest are always a good time!

Anyone who has been in the restaurant business or worked there knows the owner is notoriously cheap!  Every penny is squeezed out and not much is ever re-invested back into any infrastructure updates. Although in the recent year a new floor was installed, the place just seems really dirty. Things on the wall have a thick coating of dust and cobwebs and it's very dark.  The bathrooms are ancient and there is a smell of sewer when you walk into the restaurant.   

The food is expensive and as for being authentic German flavor, there is lots of room for improvement.  We are in Wisconsin so there are a lot of German restaurants here however, Essen Haus in the only one in Madison with this large of a German menu. Go outside of Madison and you can definitely find better. 

The best reason to go to the Essen Haus is to enjoy the beer and polka. Great selection of seasonal beers and who doesn't like polka? It's the best thing there!  Also, their Maifest and Oktoberfest  events only get better each year! They put up tents in the parking log and have great out of town bands who play great German music. It's definitely a day of fun. We also appreciate the events being family friendly!
They have Hoegaarden on tap! Aside from the amazing beer selection, everyone is super friendly and the atmosphere is amazing. Don't forget about the boots!
If you have a burning desire to drink beer while listening to polka and being served by lederhosen-clad bartenders, Essen Haus is is the place for YOU! As for myself, well...it wasn't quite my scene. A lot of yelling, "WHAT?" to my S.O., unpleasant stickiness on the bar, and what-not. The pretzels are the perfect foil for the beer--well worth it for 50 cents. But overall? Meh.
I'm a little ashamed to admit that I've lived in Madison for five years and had NEVER been to the Essen Haus until this week. I feel like I've been living a lie.

First thing's' first: lederhosen. All of the male bartenders and servers wear them and it makes everything good in the world. So much man leg.

BEER. Huge steins full (half a liter) for $4.50. You can go and get pretty sloshed for under $10. If that's not economizing, I'm not sure what is.

Live polka music. Nothing puts me in the mood to party like a little accordion action. 

Survery says: Essen Haus is probably not the place I'd go every week, but the next time I need some old time-y German fun, I'll totally be back.
Oh man.. I really wanted to give it a higher rating but the food was so disappointing! 

I came here with a group of friends on Friday night for dinner and drinks. Almost all of us got Friday fish fry. The fish was soggy and way too salty! It also tasted like they've been in the freezer for way too long coz the meat did not taste right They also had various types of potatoes.. and I got the potato pancake. It was pretty average. The one thing we all like is the pretzels they gave you before the meal! The sauce that go with it was perferrrrct. Almost like a wasabi mustard taste. Idk. I want to try some real german dishes next time and see if there are any surprises. 

On the other note, I did like the beer. I mean you get a 1/2 L for $5 or sth.  I got spaten lager..little hoppy, little sweet and really refreshing. I would get that again.
Went there on a Friday night in March and had a blast. The band playing retro German music was the highlight. Good beer selection and kitchy waitstaff in "lederhosen" (used loosely here) were fun. Go for the atmosphere, not so much for the food...
I'm so torn about how to rate the Essen Haus. I've been there twice this spring, both times with my family. Both times were for live music and drinks, but we only had food the second time.

The atmosphere, in my Wisconsin-raised, German-American opinion, is SUPER FUN! I love polka, my mom and dad love polka, and I love to drink beer and dance around with them. It's also super fun to take your family somewhere where you know they're having a blast. 

Service is pretty good too, at least in my experience.

However, in my Wisconsin-raised,German-American opinion, the food is just not very good. In fact, it's kind of awful.

So, as most people have said, skip the food and go for drinks and dancing only. How does this translate into a star-based rating? Well, the atmosphere is a 5, and the food is a 1, so how bout we call it a 3? But really, bad food aside, the Essen Haus is so. much. fun. 

And, like it or not, the musicians that play in the Essen Haus's featured polka bands are devoted to their art and extremely talented musicians! Maybe you have to be a native Wisconsin-ite to truly appreciate it though.
Came here with a rather large group after my college graduation. We had made a reservation for 6:30, but because the place was so packed we weren't seated until about 6:45. That was okay though, we had been served lots of beer so we didn't mind too much!

Service was good. Very fast and you could tell the servers were working very hard to keep their tables happy. We also ordered a boot (of course) which was super fun. I'd definitely come here again just to get some more. The food was meh. It was way more expensive than I expected, and way more expensive than it was worth. I ordered the wiener schnitzel and it was cooked well. I could have used a bit of sauce with it though. The potatoes were also pretty bland, definitely needed more seasoning. Others at my table enjoyed their food too, but no one was wowed. 

So definitely 2 stars for the food, but 4+ stars for the ambiance. This place definitely takes you to Germany. It's very fun. Unfortunately the polka band started right when we were leaving but I can see how that draws people in. I will definitely be back some time to drink some boots and listen to some music! I will probably skip the food next time, though.
Came here for my college graduation.  My parents remember coming here 25 years ago and having an amazing Prime Rib.  Well much to our dismay they ran out of prime rib at 7:30 pm.  Anyway, we got the German dishes that took literally 2 HOURS + to come to our table and our waitress kept apologizing.  The food was HORRID, NO FLAVOR at all and was almost cold.  I can eat anything and this had no flavor!! Besides that, we complained to the waitress only to get that they would give us free dessert for the wait/it being cold.  We left the food (we never leave food at a restaurant) and took the desserts to go.  The next day, I tried the dessert- again TERRIBLE and threw it away.  Basically, NEVER COME HERE FOR FOOD!
Wide variety of German beers to choose from. Bring all your friends and pass around das boot.  Take a break from drinking games to polka dance as the live band plays "She's too fat for me."

Come for the drinking experience, but stay away from the food. I'd rate the food 1 or 2 stars.
Disappointed :( It was dark and dirty. The bathrooms were disgusting. There were small nats flying around and the food was blah.  Our waitress was very nice and the over all service was good, it was everything else that was blah.
Run by a Fascist Eeyore, but that totalitarian grump grows on ya!

Food a total sideshow to the beer for the most part, but seriously, what else do you need while watching Madison's classiest babes dance to polka music and inebriated customers sing raunchy Boy Scout lyrics (along the lines of "There was a man from Eau Claire...") beyond pretzels and dollar burgers that probably set the management back 5 cents?

I won't deny it.  The Essen Haus is a very strange place.  One of the strangest.  You have to have a certain sense of humor to even walk in the door.  But for all its faults, at least it doesn't try to be some pompous yuppie brewpub.  It is peculiarly and idiosyncratically Wisconsin in all its tacky, bizarre glory.  You will not find it elsewhere.   Alas, it is also part of a dying breed.  This is not what the dot-com start-up generation gets involved in when they create a restaurant.  The world will be poorer when a tasteless generation bulldozes it into Lake Mendota.  And that is cause for an adorable 64-ounce glass boot of teardrops.

My advice is:  feel sorry for the servers, leave an extraordinarily liberal tip, and only go on the weekends.  The mid-week polka bands are for that handful of old farts who saunter in.

Also haunted....  The bouncer gave me an upstairs tour once.  This vast, sprawling building -- part misbegotten compound of greed, part bed-and-breakfast, part beer hall -- is one of the oldest buildings in Madison and was apparently a whorehouse in antebellum days.  Ask to see the amazing storage area upstairs:  basically a museum of the vanishing Midwest.  Boxes full of dead men's steins, paraphernalia of the old immigrant drinking clubs, the decor of "Are You Being Served?", and local ghosts.... The bouncer and I both felt a strange chill and heard weird stuff going on in the walls up there.  We bolted down the stairs.  The veteran bartender agreed that he had heard and seen weird things upstairs for years.

The 2-liter glass boots are a ginormous bacterial infection waiting to happen.  But good, solid American fun.
My boyfriend's family dragged me here for a Thanksgiving dinner a year or two ago. It wasn't very good. The food was dry. I don't really like the feel of it either. I much prefer the Comeback.
The owners of one of Munich's most famous institutions, the historic Hofbrauhaus, have lovingly recreated it - across from the Hard Rock Hotel - down to the last detail, complete with beers, steins, and brass bands. Stepping through the front door, you leave behind the arid desert air and glitzy casinos of Vegas as you're transported into a world of schnitzel, ale, and strudel, served in a beer hall with ornately painted columns and ceilings, or an indoor garden with chestnut trees and a fountain, by buxom dirndl-clad waitresses with rosy cheeks. Having been to the original, I can attest to the autheniticy of the look, the feel, and the extensive Bavarian menu here. Liver mousse is served with a pretzel baked with dough flown in from the fatherland on a daily basis. If you like sausage, you must indulge in a wurstplatte, overloaded with Viennese franks, chicken and pork links, creamy mashed potatoes, and imported sauerkraut. Pork roast with dark beer sauce and bread dumplings, fried filet of cod with warm German potato salad, and breaded pork cutlet with cranberries are among the other specialties. Three versions of hofbrau - lager, a premium dark wheat, and a seasonal version - are on tap, and German, Australian, and California wines are available by the bottle or glass. Naturally the atmosphere is loud and festive, as if it's Oktoberfest every day of the year. If you're not part of a group, you probably will be before the night is over. As highly recommended as it is totally unexpected for Vegas.
good food, but go here for the atmosphere...

having been to the original haus in munchen, this is a bit like going to eurodisney and expecting to be in disneyland.  it looks similar, but it's just not quite right.  nevertheless, i had one of the funniest experiences here for a late lunch.  2 buddies and i were in vegas for a show--stopped in for a stein and some sausages, and we proceeded to be ridiculed by a fraulein from omaha--serious attitude!  it was great.  next, it was octoberfest, and one of my buddies was yanked into part of the german band's act.  i thought i was going to piss in my pants.  anyway, great time, i recommend for a lunch stop.
Some highlights from my nights here:

A crazy German band singing "Sweet Home Alabama" and me and my buddies dancing on tables and banging glasses against each other so hard that they shattered.

An woman in her 40's yelling at my friend Mary because the guys in our group refused her advances. "You didn't tell us your friends were gay!", we heard her say.

My friend Ken nearly winning the stein holding contest, if it weren't for a couple of fat cheaters from Memphis.

Being surprised at how good the food I was eating was.

A female friend of my getting drunk enough to flash the people in the seats next to us.

Beer. Glorious, glorious beer.

"The Vegas Video" - if you ask nicely, I might show it to you.

And, of course, stumbling out completely drunk off my ass, looking at my watch and realizing I was drunk before Midnight.
Okay if you can't make it to Munich and see the real thing then this'll have to do.  And, the added value of witnessing drunk southerners singing german folk tunes is priceless!
Fun place, with a real beer garden and great food.  Open late too.

Beware of the waitresses though, who seem more than happy to try to foist yet another liter upon you, inflating your tab further and further north...
Very good atmosphere. High ceiling, long wooden benches and real German band playing what appears to be traditional german music.

Forgettable food. The sausages did not any distinct flavor. Taste almost like ball park franks from the supermarket. Black forest cake was more cream than cake. Minus 1 star.

I would come back for the beer, join the band in singing and dancing, but eat elsewhere.
Prost!
Not as huge as the O.G. one in Munchen, but just as fun!
Get a 1 Liter beer for 8 bucks and prepare to get wasted!  
Nice souvineer shop as well to get replica mugs and other apparel.  At night, fun times are had with entertaining music and everyone in the bar is friendly.
I never really ate here, except for a big azz pretzel, as a few of them beers will make you full.
Ist das nicht ein schnitzlebank?  Hofbrauhaus is a new drinking hall here in Vegas. New as in 3 -4 years old here. Exact replica of the original Hofbrauhaus in Germany. Ok so here's my deal. Location...across from Hard Rock. Ok that's decent if there wasn't so much construction on this street. Parking is in the rear, it's not so bad getting in as long as you don't have old people blocking the walkway to the entrance. GRRRR WALK FASTER OLD PEOPLE! 
So the beer is big and bitter served by good strong german women.  Pretty decent, Octoberfest beer. You also have the dark ales and a few different lagers. Seriously...who likes German food. Kraut, Vienerschnitzle which is a breaded pounded peice of meat....sausages...and spaetzle.Bleah. Needs ketchup or somethin. Dessert was a black forest cake. Eh...nothing really popped out at me. The food was eh....beer good. Polka band with a leiderhosin group of Original Polka Gangstas leading the chicken dance to tourists and kids who don't know any better that dance will get their butts kicked in school. 
So to experience this German flair, go for it if you want to try a new experience. But I just think Vegas has more to offer than that.
If you've been to Germany you might be able to appreciate the HB.  If you haven't, it's not worth a special trip unless you're looking for expensive and mediocre food.  Thankfully, it was all good since it was all free...

I visited Sept 2006.  If you're on your way to Munich, don't visit.  Save your appetite for the original.

Pros:
+ A friendlier gift shop in LV than in Munich
+ fun, loud, and festive atmosphere
+ German beer 

Cons
- the sausages don't seem authentic
Ha!  Just like Hofbrauhaus in Munchen!  Great time!  We had a nice waitress, great meal, and had a lot of fun reminiscing about our time in Munich nine years ago (has it been that long?).  Although I can no longer drink 5 liters of good German beer, I can revel in the fact that I'm in Vegas sitting in a fake beer garden.  I can also enjoy many varieties of wurst and a good tradtional gemischtem Salat.  Yum....And to think we were going to eat at Nobu.  

If you go, try to sit in the beer garden unless you really want the authentic crazy entertainment (including the chicken dance, alpenhorn, and beer drinking songs...do I hear a " Zicke, zacke, zicke, zacke, hoi, hoi, hoi!!!"?)
4 stars because i only had beer there, but didn't order food even though everything(!) on their menu looked awesomely german.  great place to get a decently priced delicious beer off-the-strip (it's about 0.5 or .75 mi away -- walkable, but take a cab if you're lazy and it's 90+ degrees out).

the beers are delicious!!  and our bartender was friendly and attentive.  the hefeweizen was perfect, in my opinion, with a hint of citrus.  i really should have ordered a whole liter instead of half.  my boyfriend's dunkel was also really yummy even though i wasn't in the mood for a dark brew.

the atmosphere of this place was really chill.  but then again, we were there on a monday night.  bar area in the foyer as well as a gift shop, and a doorway leads to the main dining hall.  picnic-table-style seating from what i could see.
Again, I'm not a huge German food fan, but I just loved the live music and the large picnic-like tables inside. It's loud, it's fun, and it's enterntainment.
This was a nice depature from the scene at the Hard Rock. While the food was just okay (the sausages needed a little something extra and the sauerkraut was good with just enough sour), the tall and cold beers are what hit the spot. I enjoyed the Wheat Beer plus the shot of something that my co-worker talked us all into having.

What better way to kick off a business trip and 'bond' with co-workers than raising your beer stein and singing along with the band?
I first went to this joint when I was in Munich and absolutely loved it.  I don't know what it was, but the bratwurst and sauerkraut, along with a huge stein of beer to wash it down was amazing.  Also, you walk outside and you're in downtown Munich, with all of its culture.

One time when taking a cab back to the Vegas airport, I saw this spot and was again enamored.  On my next trip, my friends and I went there for lunch.  The food and beer was once again top notch.  I think they must fly everything in from Germany or something.  However, the atmosphere was another story.  It didn't have the same energy level that the Munich location had.  Also, their attempts at creating a local experience (having performers on stage) seemed more like Disneyland than actually being in Germany.  To top it off, the location sort of sucks.  While its ok if you want to drive, its pretty far off the strip.  Everyone knows that when you go to Vegas, you want to be right by the strip.

At least the Carnegie Deli was smart in selection a Vegas location right at the Mirage.

But, I digress.....this spot still has great food and beer and one should expect everything in Vegas to be fake.  So, until I have the time to go back to Vegas, this place will definitely suffice.
Five stars for the mere REMINDER of Munich, beer gardens and Oktoberfest.  I came down from the Double down had a great buzz going already and the waitress served us a couple of rounds and then clocked out without charging us.  5 stars for that alone, the Spaten beer, the liter steins and the band and a great table with some maniac wearing a San Jose sharks jersey.  Prosit, dude! Food, no. This is not a food thing, if you need food, get a pretzel. Las Vegas Uber Alles!!
My group was looking for sushi and I was recommended to come to Hofbrauhaus to continue my attack on my stomach and liver.  The beer was great, Germans really know how to make beer.  The sausage was good but nothing out of this world.  The warm cranberry was great, I usually hate cranberries, you know the one that you get on Thanksgiving in the mold of a can.

Bottom Line:
Come here for the beer and the atmosphere.  The band in their lederhosen was fun, especially when they ask for crowd participation.
"... you go... I'm never leaving this place."

I'd like to say I rocked the Hofbrauhaus, but in truth, the haus rocked me.  The beer at Hofbrauhaus is flown in from Germany.  Their wheat beer is delicious and among one of the better I've tasted.  Like true German wheat beers, it is served sans fruit.

Huge steins of beer come as soon as you can order them.  The beer drinking ensues at your table and on-stage.  I was here during downtime in Las Vegas, Saturday at 2pm, so the place was far from packed.  The band was a husband-wife team and despite the fact that the beer hall was only sparsely populated, they performed like it was a full house.  With interactive songs that ranged from standing on your bench to pounding your stein on the table to the rhythm of the song, they constantly kept all patrons involved.  I could go on with some of the other tricks they have up their sleeves but I'll let you come here to see them for yourself.

Even after a tough session of playing trumpet and flugelhorn, they still make rounds of the hall and chat with you while taking slugs off their steins.  Both talkative and sapient about the tradition of the Hofbrauhaus, they're even willing to get a little personal.  

I had to get them a round of apple schnapps shots before I left, it felt mandatory.
My first time here I was amazed at how good a job they did in replicating the original in Munich.  The decor is fantastic, and even the celings look the same!  The only difference I noticed is that the original has breathalizer machines in the restrooms, whereas they are conspicuously absent here in Vegas.  :)  You'll just have to guesstimate how drunk you get.

One comes to Hofbrauhaus for the beer, and it certainly does not disappoint.  My favorite is the dark beer, but the wheat beer is the real star:  If you have ever consumed some half-assed American knock off at a wheat beer, you'll see why the brewery even tried!  (I.E. The German stuff is goooooood!!!!).

I've had a few food items here, and they were good.  I woudl highly recommend the 1/2 chicken with potato salad.  

When this place is rocking, the atmosphere is the best.  The table setup and beer hall format really liven the place up.  You are likely to be seated next to folks you don't know, so half the fun is making friends while drinking copious amounts of beer.

The bar area up front is a bit more chill, and you can even watch the game on the 3 plasmas.  They also have a back dining area that is more suitable to families (it is away from the Polka band and not filled with drunken idiots like me).
Dude, this place is the schnitzel! 

Awesome German grub, pretty blond waitresses in authentic German garb (and they're nice, too!), and pretty much all the weiners and spaetzel you can eat. Cheap for the amount of everything you get, too. 

There's a live band most evenings, and it can be a little hard to hear, but that's why they serve massive quantities of beer. They WANT you to yell at the top of your lungs, get all red in the face, overheat, and then barf in the bathroom. Yes, yes, I did. But the bathrooms are right next to the lovely beer garden, so be sure to poke your head in there for a peek. 

Love this place. Love it!
Coolest place in Vegas!!!  It's so much fun...very good for birthdays and big groups...but only if you want to go and sing, drink, and dance...not if you want to talk.  It's a bit loud for talking.  Steins are $12.  The big pretzels (OMG, so good) with fixins are also $12, which is a must have.  We didn't have much room for dinner so we split the half roasted chicken...which I think was also $12.  Bill with tax and tip came out to $80+ for two....man, those steins add up!!  :)
Exact replica of the Hofbrauhaus in Munchen! Except that the outdoor beer garden is not really outdoor. I need to dig out my pictures from Germany because it was so similar, I felt like I was teleported back in time to one of my fun trips through Europe. 

My co-worker and I were transported back and forth past this place on the way to the Convention Center and when it was time to eat, we agreed to check this place out. It's diagonal from Hard Rock and huge - hard to miss. 

In the front there is a cute gift shop w/ cheesy souvenirs like beergarden girl aprons and the huge steins w/ the Hofbrauhaus logo. We were greeted by a friendly German man who smiled and asked if we'd like to be seated next to some good-looking men. Haha - the tables are large and you will sit (if you're in a small party) with other parties. Unfortunately, no one was there (men anywhere near our age) so we were seated next to a grandma w/ her teenage granddaughter who was apparently applying for a job. The band was playing in their leiderhausen, beers in hand. Great atmosphere.

We started with a jumbo Oktoberfest pretzel that came with a tasty spread on the side, and mustard. Great starter! I'm not a huge beer fan, but had to get one to be in the mood. It came in a big ol' mug - it was their version of hefeweizen. I wasn't lovin' it, but I drank it anyway.

For my meal I ordered the Majoram - veal bratwurst and it came with red cabbage and mashed potatoes. I had to get some spaetzle on the side, but it was flavorless and disappointing. The red cabbage, which I didn't really want, was good. The bratwurst, also good. We also got sauerkraut and that was good as well and served warm. My coworker got this inappropriately large sausage sandwich - the HB Riesenbratwurst. We had to take pics b/c it was so long and huge. Hilarious. She was hammin' it up.

No room for dessert, but my coworker had to have some German schnapps - completely different from American schnapps. I was blown away by how potent the pear one was, but the apple was good. And strong.  By the end of the night we were stuffed. I don't recommend this for dinner before going clubbing. Better for the day of your flight home so you can waddle around and sit.
This place is fantastic!  The first time I went, I was concerned that it would be an imitation of the original.  Not the case. 

The beer is great, and the food is spot-on.  

The atmosphere is better in Munich, as the building is older, etc.  But this is a great recreation without having to fly all that way.
I have been here several times and the food keeps me coming back.  Not to mention all the house beers on tap.  

It was someones birthday the last time we went so that made the band extra lively.

We walked out full, buzzed, and with bags of souvenirs.  This is one of the main reasons why I travel to Las Vegas now.
I had my bachelor party dinner here and it was an absolute blast!!  Good friends, steins of beer and crazy beer chants every 30 min.  Can't beat it.  How some of my friends were able to down 5 liters during dinner is beyond me.
Oktoberfest all year round!

I'm not a beer drinker but I find myself downing a liter of beer whenever we go to Hofbrauhaus.  It's just so fricken' good!  Such a fun environment with live music and waitresses with the cutest bar maid outfits.  I totally forgot that I was part of the minority because everyone was so warm and friendly.

Definitely a cool place to bring the tourists.
WOO-HOO! Hofbrauhaus!!!! This place is such a great time! People are singing, dancing and drinking beers that are heavier than my head. They have a german band, german beer girls, and lots and lots of german beer. I had so much fun here, and I met that crazy lookin fool from West Coast Customs, you know that guy with all of those piercings in his face. Good times. 

I take off one star, because the food. The food is not so good.
This place is a riot. We were there on a Friday night and it was going OFF. 

We walked into the enormous beer hall with people dancing on the tables, weaving around the room in dancing chains and singing at the tops of their lungs. The band looked like a traditional German band, but instead of belting out the German classics that no one knows, they were belting out Neil Diamond and other classic American hits that we all know and can sing too. 

There were chugging contests and the lederhosen clad star waiter laid down on his back, on a table and played a 10 foot  Ricola style horn - I am not kidding.

The beer is awesome and the food is yummy and authentic, albeit a little mass-produced.

If you want some good ol' Bavarian beer hall fan, I can't think of a better place to go outside of the real thing. They really went all out replicating the original.
I have to admit, I went here with high expectations after reading Yelpers praise this place. I'm sorry folks, but it was just way too German for me. I know that to most that is the charm of the place, its authenticity, German food, music, etc. and what did I expect of a place called Hofbrauhaus! But, I couldn't overcome my English squeamishness about Germanic culture!
Yes, the beer was cold and tasty, although the selection was limited to 3 choices. Food was ok, plain and filling. The band was very pleasant and eager to entertain. Some of the band members were so young they couldn't even drink beer (at least not in the US). The crowd was not too into the music so it was a pretty subdued atmosphere. So, go here if you are really into German food and culture otherwise go somewhere else. Should have gone to Crown & Anchor instead!!
I went to dinner here, since I had never been to a German restaurant before.  The food was very good, and pretty reasonable.  The only compliant that I had about the food is it was delivered very fast (10-15 minutes after we ordered it).  In addition, the servers seemed to be in a bit of hurry (running around a lot).

However, the noise level in the main dining room was deafening.  I was expecting it to be loud, but not rock concert/club level loud.  After 5 minutes, I asked my server if we could move to the beer garden.  She was very polite, and allowed us to move there.  I could still hear the live music, but it least it was at a reasonable volume.

So, if you are either drunk, crazy, or hard of hearing (or a combination thereof), you'll enjoy the main room.  However, if you don't fit into any of those categories, then you will find the beer garden to have a much better environment.  If you don't like to hear lively music at dinner, don't go to Hofbrauhaus.
Looking back, I realize I was trying to do the impossible. I went here  hoping that it would be a genuine replica of that famous Bavarian brewery that first introduced me to beer. I went here with visions of pork shoulder, giant soft pretzles, and, of course, liters of delicious beer.

I guess one out of three ain't bad.

This Hofbrauhaus isn't much to look at outside, but once you step in the dining hall, you realize very quickly what you're getting into. The setup is very true to the original: high celings, an oompah band, and short skirted waitresses. Slowly, however, things started seeping in. The closest thing that the band came to a genuine German song was the 'chicken dance'. I looked all around for those big pretzles that compliment their beer so much, only to find out that the pretzle that comes with your meal is of the small, hard variety.  I was very dissapointed at the size of the portions, too. My girlfriend got a sausage entree & it came with a minimum of sides: a pretzle. We had to share my plate, the 'Schweinebraten'.  The food was good, but I really expected more. Aren't German dishes supposed to fill you up?

I was very satisfied with the beer, though. It tasted like it did three years ago, and they stick to the original or dunkel. When it comes to beer, you don't come here for variety, you come for quality.

Also, it was really loud, so don't come here expecting a nice, quiet dinner with your sweetheart.

To recap: The food was good, but a ripoff, the beer was great, & the atmosphere mediocre at best. I know I set the bar high, but even with that factored in it wasn't that great of an experience. Would I come back? Only if someone else is paying.
So a friend was saying that he wanted to visit this place during this past trip to CES.  While waiting at baggage claim at LAS, I saw an ad for the place on the humongous TV screens, and it looked like a lot of fun.  So we decided to make a trip out there, and were definitely not disappointed.  Although I don't necessarily like loud places, this was still a lot of fun, and it was amazing that for the 2 hours we were there, the band never seemed to stop, and they just kept going on and on with barely a pause, playing lively music, playing games, starting a conga line, etc.

But more than just the entertainment, which was definitely a lot of fun, the food was also excellent.  I was surprised that I was able to scarf down a plate that had a sausage, pork cutlet, some other pork cut, mashed potatoes, and sauerkrat so quickly!  It was damn tasty, and I washed it down with a stein of beer.  It probably also explains my weight gain after this last trip to Las Vegas... :D
LOVED this place!  We went here in October 2007 and had an absolute blast!!  The beer was cold and delicious!  It was crazy fun - just like the pictures you've seen of the annual Octoberfest in Munich, but less people (of course).  The band even pulled my girlfriend on the stage to do the chicken dance.  Speaking of chicken, we had the chicken sausage with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes -- they were really good (especially after 2 liters of Hefe!!).  I can't wait to go back here on our next trip (coming up in March '08)!!!!!!!
I came here for my friend's birthday party. I wasn't too impressed by the food (I mostly ate sauerkraut and sausages), since it was very salty! I love pretzels, but of course, these pretzels were the cold, hard ones and I love the big, soft, warm ones. I like the fact that this place is a huge beer hall, good for groups, and that they brew their own beer the old fashioned German way. I went during the day time, but I'm pretty sure it gets crazy at night.
Hofbrauhaus is all about the experience for those who love beer and enjoy the silliness of anyone willing to make a spectacle of themselves.  All this takes place in their Beer Hall where you'll find yourselves sharing a table and bench with a bunch of strangers.  If all goes well and you're friendly enough, you'll have a good time and a few laughs while you're at it.  

The important thing here is to MAKE RESERVATIONS!  A Saturday night can easily be an hour plus wait and even worse if your party is huge.  So, whatever you do, call ahead!  Otherwise you'll be stuck at the bar and peeking through the windows hoping for your turn in the hall.

It's been awhile since I was in Germany or had any German food, but all I could remember is some kind of noodle I wanted.  Spatzle, it's called - and you can get a side of this dish.  Definitely get it with a side of mushroom gravy (which is more like cream of mushroom gravy) 'cuz it's so good with it!  (The spatzle does come with other entrees though.)  

The BF got the Hofbrauhaus Platte which is a decent combination of just about everything - "Smoked Pork Loin, Pork Roast, smoked sausage, Dark Beer sauce, Sauerkraut, and Mashed Potatoes."  The sausage was pretty good, but the pork loin reminded me of corned beef (the kind you serve on with cabbage).  The pork roast was a bit dry for me, but the BF ate it all up.  A good helping of sauerkraut helps this go down easily.

Our friend also ordered this sausage dish that had his wieners sitting in a water bath when it arrived in a big ole bowl.  Slather on the sweet mustard and it's pretty grub!  

Of course, you have to wash this down with some beer - a liter size mug if you can hang.  (I cannot.)  Check to see if they have any seasonal specials because it's worth ordering those instead.  (And be sure to read that newspaper they leave for you when you get the menu, sometimes the specials are listed there instead.)

Hofbrauhaus is the kind of place you go with friends - the more, the merrier.  It gets loud and crazy and the service is good.  Waitresses and servers are busy, keeping your beverages full and your bellies happy.  (You'll see people from all ages here - toddlers even!)  They have live music where you'll be expected to sing along (and drink along).  Weekday lunch specials are available too.  

Side note: They are right next to the Hyatt Plate Hotel, so parking gets really full.  They do offer free valet service though.
This is the ONLY one replica of the original Hofbrauhaus Munchen in the USA.

German folk music, singers and dancers. Not that authentic sometimes, hey, we are not in Munchen. 

Everyone there (very diversified clientele)  is LEGALLY forbidden to be worried or sad. All with big smiles, cheers, and of course shouting "Prost". Waitresses in dirndl warm and nice. Even the petite waitress from Hong Kong was trying hard to exhibit a cleavage :-)

Wonderful place in Vegas. BTW, you can also buy collectible biersteins here that are still made in Germany
The atmosphere in here is loud, boisterous and totally fun.  They have live folk music, live bands playing, and there is even dancing.  The waitresses are all dressed up in German garbs, there is a lady who walks around with shots of jaiger & a big paddle.  You buy a shot, you get a spanking. it's awesome. 

When we went it wasn't TOO crowded, we got a big table right away and our beer came in these cute small steins for me, and big ol stein for him. SO cute. Our waitress unfortunately, was not very friendly, but we didn't let her ruin the night. 

I would definitely suggest this be a place to go for a big group so you can get loud and crazy!
This place isn't too great. Their seats are very uncomfortable, as they're all big benches like at a picnic. It's a big place with really no decoration, and the ambiance was pretty bleh. The clothes on the women weren't too shabby, hehe, but the food wasn't good. We ordered the special of the day- the goulash. It was AWFUL. It was just a bunch of meat slapped together with god knows what, then under, some sauerkraut. Now, I love all these ingredients-but how is this a goulash? The flavors (not that there were any...) just collided with each other, and overall it didn't work together. Plus it's very expensive for what they serve, and I had 2 small cups of diet coke (which they didn't bother to fill even the whole way) which they charge $3 for each!
How ridiculous!
The only reason I'm giving this 3 stars instead of 2 is because of the great dessert. Although skeptical, I ordered the special which was a strawberry rhubarb strudel which was pretty good-taste and texture...I'd give that a 5 stars :)

Hope this review helped!
OK, I LOVE the Hofbrauhaus- but not because of the food.  The food is bordering on bad- but bad in the Denny's sort of way.  I think it's German Denny's.  But let's get to the reason I love it!!!  First of all, it's actually built like a Hofbrauhaus.  Tall, rounded ceilings, a long hall full of picnic style tables where you sit with strangers, and a LIVE German Oompa band!!  Yay!!  It's like German Disneyland, with music, dancing (normally the chicken dance or some sort of chain style of dancing).  Most times I've been there I've run into Europeans- Germans, Austrians, Swiss- and they know all the songs and sing along!  I've even seen a few dance on the tables.  It is not unusual for diners to dance and participate in the entertainment (though it is not required!)

The bands change every few weeks or monthly, so every time I go it's a new experience.  Some of the bands specialize in things or have different 'activities' such as playing the long alpenhorn, dancing the chickendance in a chicken mask, or one time a band member had people throw coins into his tuba! 

If you want to eat, the pretzels are okay, and so is the cheese dip.  I also eat the potato soup on a regular basis and it's fine.   The salads are okay.  I was not impressed by the schnitzels I've had there.  The sausages were ok, but they're hard to mess up.

Of course they have German Beer, and a sad selection of wine (I know they have Riesling, but no Gewurtz).  And they have Schnapps paddles.  One good natured waitress posed pretending to spank my boss with the schnapps paddle!  The waitresses are normally not German, but it's Vegas, so just go have a drink and have some fun!
I remember the sausages to be meatier and juicier in Germany.

The beer was fab and the atmosphere was hilarious. I'd go back for the dose of happiness but maybe i'm more of a kielbasa kind of girl vs. a brat.

the pretzels were interesting but for $12? hmm... I'd rather have another liter of beer.

the beer was AWESOME. huge. this is how it should be. see my pics!
German sausages, sauerkraut, mashed potatoes and pitchers of beer!?!  i loveeeeeeeee this place.  the environment is sooo fun.  its a great place to go with ur friends!  they have beer holding stein contests, live german music.... and the seats are large picnic tables and ceiling is high as hell.  its pretty much the beer hall of USA. its a replica of the one from Munich, Germany which i hope to visit one day =) u must check it out if ur in vegas!!!
This is a great place for dinner. The beers are excellent as is the food. The atmosphere is unique.

I always stop here for dinner when overnighting in Vegas. Sure beats the casino scene!
Wow...This place was just terrible. There was pretty much nothing for a vegetarian. I ordered a pretzel and cheese and it was nasty. Would never go to this place again.

I should mention that it is fairly authentic. So, if you are into those hard nasty pretzels they sell in Germany, you'll probably like it. Personally, I'm more of an Auntie Anne's fan.
um yea this place is just not my scene. 

Waitress was really nice and food was served pretty quickly and was hot, but I don't like sausage or sauerkraut -so I was kind of screwed. Got the schnitzel and it was very heavy and fried and I felt sick for the rest of the night. 

BUT the pretzels were AWESOME! mustard and cheese to dip it in. Very tasty! But at $13 a piece - kind of pricey! 

oh yea and the beer was pretty good too, although the slamming of the glasses together scared me. I was convinced they would break, but they are apparently very durable/ strong glasses. 

Most fun? watching the hammered gay fall face first into the stage (where the band was playing) without putting his hands out to stop his fall. Lots of crazy singing/dancing etc. 

Worth at least one visit for the interesting experience. If I ever go back again - it will be too soon.
Aww. These reviews are upsetting me!

On my last trip to vegas i randomly stumbled upon this in my hungover state on the way to Rehab, but the girls I was with didn't want to go. 

Since then I've been dying to go and relive the experience I had at the Hofbrauhaus in Munchen last summer but I'm not too sure about it after reading the reviews!! In Germany, even though the conversion rate from dollar to euro is crap, our meal was still inexpensive. I'm a vegetarian so I ordered the mushroom soup. Which probably had chicken broth in it, but eh, what you don't know won't hurt you and I was starving. And in Germany. Not many options for a strict vegetarian anyway. it was delicious and pretzels were..hmm. about 1.50 euro if my memory serves me correctly?? So with last year's conversion rate of $1.35 = 1 euro, it would have been under $3 for one pretzel! 

Paying $13 for one pretzel is going to be a bummer...maybe I won't check this out when i head to vegas on Monday, maybe I'll let it wait for when we go in August...
What's not to love about the Hofbrauhouse??

After touring and well...drinking absurdly in the original in Munich I decided that Vegas couldn't possibly match it.

Was I wrong...

Our US location meets if not exceeds the original with fresh brew served in Liters and outstanding traditional Bavarian food for you to fill yourself up on before hitting that roulette table at the Hard Rock across the street. 

If your an avid lover of traditional German cuisine, this place is a MUST and also please, take home a liter glass...it gives you bragging rights as to your accomplishment in the city of sin.
As a wise man once said: "You don't win friends with salad", Hofbrauhaus is not the type of place for your veggie "friend" who reminds you every three minutes why they dont wear leather shoes. If however, if your enjoy decent beer and excellent german food, not to mention german oompah music, then this is the place for your.
I had so much fun here when I visited with two friends.  We started with 40oz steins of beer and settled in for what was supposed to be an hour wait  (be smart, make a reservation).  Instead, after about 20 minutes we were whisked in to be seated at the German beer hall style bench seating.  The oompa band was playing and immediately we were involved in the action.  "Stand on the bench" the singer kept yelling.  "Raise your steins!" he continued.  Where else do you get to stand on the table, sing, chug beers and not get tossed out?  Our fellow diners were sauced and having a great time, but never rowdy or unfriendly.  We got a plate of sausage and some incredible pretzels.  The waitresses were awesome and very sexily dressed in classic tavern maid garb.  The action continued with drinking contests, the playing of the horns, and stein holding contests.  Get there early because the place shuts down by midnight.
Very good atmosphere. High ceiling, long wooden benches and real German band playing what appears to be traditional german music.

Forgettable food. The sausages did not any distinct flavor. Taste almost like ball park franks from the supermarket.  Minus 1 star.

I would come back for the beer, join the band in singing and dancing, but eat elsewhere.
Good bless German people.  

Sausages.  Pretzels.  BEER THE SIZE OF MY HEAD!!!

Seriously, go on a Saturday night.  Dinner which would usually take 2 hours, turns into a 4 or 5 hour entertainment spectacular and the next thing you know you've been entered into a women's beer chugging contest and you're boyfriends is holding a beer stein in front of him for what seems like hours!!!

It's spectacular!
while in vegas, we decided this would be a fun place to go for a birthday.  just a quick taxi ride off of the strip, i would suggest this place to people who like beer and some rowdy fun.  the food wasn't anything to write home about, although the cheese pretzel is amazing but expensive.  you have to get the beer (i got the summer light one) and don't be a wuss, get the liter, it's humongous.  beer was a little expensive too, but cheap compared to the strip.  the band provided a good ambiance, the contests were fun (especially with a buzz), and get a spanking by the jager girl if you're man enough (you'll get a shot out of it).

if i ever end up in munich i will definitely look this place up.
I came here with friends and wanted to like this place, but it just didn't do it for me.  Five reasons to not inflict this farce on yourself:

1. The food is bad - it's like a German Denny's (thank you Shannon F):  Salty overcooked sausages and spam type meats layered on mushy vegetables.  For $20+ an entree no thanks.

2. The beer is bad - wtf?? A "German" restaurant with only 3 horrible horse piss Miller Lite tasting draft options?  How can this be?  You are offered three house draft options: light medium or dark - I went with dark and it was probably the worst Germanic or European beer I have ever had.  There are many bars in Vegas with a hugely better selection, Gordon Biersch, the Freakin Frog and the Yardhouse all come to mind.

3. The great big echoing hallway style room is loud - and wait til that godawful Oompa band starts up.  You won't be able to make conversation with or hear your friends, which can really be a negative in a dining experience.  And the band itself is not that good - sharp and brassy with too much piercing horn, not subtle or refined.  Accordions!?  They were like toddlers given a whistle: look I can make the dog cry with my earsplitting melodies!  Maybe if you were sh_tfaced it would serve as music - but how can you get there with the beer tasting like donkey sweat?  

4. There is a gift shop in the entrance.  I am not a fan of restaurants with gift shops.  Esp when they come with a heaping side of bad food, bad drinks, and bad music.

5. I was expecting a higher quality experience.  I suppose if you were drunk or high - hey it's right next door to the Hard Rock, most probably are - it would be passable.  Sadly I wasn't.
I'll try to avoid the ironic in this review, it'll be hard. When nothing in Vegas is what it appears it's almost certainly not a surprise to find an authentic Bavarian beer hall and garden there. And of course I was sceptical. It does have that familiar Vegas sheen which sanitises everything the eye can see, but was most remarkable for me was that the beer hall smelled right. Literally. Our sense of smell is potent in evoking memories of past events and the beer hall evoked, well, a German beer hall. Oh yes, and the beer is pretty good too!


 Park your cynicism at the door. Enjoy.
Once you walk in, all you hear coming from the restaurant area is FUN FUN FUN, NOTHING BUT FUN. Damn cool place. The food is ok, but you're really going for the festive atmosphere. I went there with a couple of buddies last year and can't wait to go again. Big ass beer steins, hot Fraulein waitresses, great lively music. Everyone is in a festive mood. Just a cool place.
[teaser review]

Food?  3 stars, bratwursts and schnitzels and obaszter, Oh my!

Drinks?  4 stars... ONE... LITER... BEERS.  I had two in about a half hour.

Fun?  5 stars.  Mona.  You reeled back and swung that paddle at my tush like it was a home run derby!  You said I must be used to eating sausage.  You called me a p*ssy for only throwing down 2 liters of beer.

I think I'm in love with you.

[end teaser]


============


For starters, out party of twenty had the simple and accessible pretzel appetizer; a huge, coarsely-salted, baked pretzel served with dipping mustard (one tangy, one sweet) and a tasty obaszter cheese... This appetizer was unremarkable but appropriately festive for the beer drinking that would soon ensue...

As the fiery-spirited and lovely Mona made her rounds taking drink orders, our party would erupt into booing and jeers toward the few who ordered anything less than the 1-liter stein of beer, often harassing them into ordering big... I opted for the 1-liter dunkelweiss, a dark bier, toasty @ 5.5% alcohol.  Oh, if only they had the Maibock at the time (7.1%)!

The menu offers a varied selection of Bavarian dishes, many to do with wursts.  Most were of two varieties; either wursts(sausages) served in sandwiches (w/fries) or wursts plates (usually with cabbage, or potatoes - mashed or salad).  A number of dishes present the sausages afloat in a small cauldron of simmering beer/broth... tasty, but visually unappealing, IMO.  I went with the Riesenwurst, a grilled sausage with sauerkraut, served on french bread... 

Making up for having slept through this part of the Vegas trip last year, I chug'd chug'd chug'd away, finishing my liter first, raising my empty glass to applause and laughs.  But as I reveled in my accomplishment, a dirndl-dress clad Mona would set down another liter in front of me... slack-jaw'd and puppydog-eyed, I looked at her.  Her response?  With a wink and a smile, she says "Come on, I can put down 5 of these..."

Somehow I got through it.  2 liters of dunkelweiss.  One riessenwurst and sauerkraut sandwich.  A pint of Summer bier.  

Then she looked at me, "... another?"
"Oh dear gawd, no, please!" I stutter.

She smirked and walked away.  I guess we weren't NEAR done just yet.

And then came shots of apple brandy served on a wooden paddle... and the paddling.

Yes, paddling.

With me bent over the end of a table, Mona reached into my back pocket to take out my wallet, insuring nothing would get in the way...  Twenty friends counted her down.. "one", "two", "THREE!"... as she swung for the fences... THWACK!!  I didn't flinch, but it hurt like crazygood!  

Like crazy... good.

I asked for another.
__________________________
Yup, kinda got a crush on Mona...
Foul-mouthed, emasculating, paddle-swinging hotness.

I've got issues, don't I?
I think the only reason I go there is because of the authentic atmosphere! I am not a big fan of the food; very greasy, and ALL about bratwurst. However, the pretzels are delicious, and the beer is tasty. SO, basically, if you want to listen to polka music, and watch drunk men pound their fists/cups on the tables, then definitely make a trip to the Hofbrauhaus!
I've driven by this place so many times and from the outside - it looks like a cool building, but nothing really out of the ordinary.  There is no way anyone would ever know what goes on behind these walls by simply viewing the place from the outside.

Our party was three, my Girlfriend, my Girlfriend's close friend, and myself.  We went on Saturday night around 9:00pm or so...the place was a mad-house!!  You could hear the revelry from the lobby!  Right away, I knew this was going to be a unique experience!  After checking in at the podium, we were ushered into the room...long tables lined up and down the dining hall and in the back was a small stage area with a traditional "oom-pah-pah" band going to town!  As we made our way to our table, I saw large breasted women carrying Litre sized beer mugs, 3 in each hand!!  People were standing on tables, crashing the beer mugs together and joining in traditional German toasts - then promptly quaffing their beers with a resounding "PROST!".  

Finally getting to the table - we got a chance to view the menu...all kinds of choices of traditional German fare.  I ended up having a platter that had smoked tenderloin, sausage, and a pork chop served with mashed potatoes and saurkraut!  Yum!!  My Girlfriend had the Weiss Wurst platter - three long sausages over a bed of saurkraut.  Both of us had a Litre of the Dunkel - their darkest beer.  It was delicious!!

Dinner commenced with lots of commotion, singing, drinking, and all around mayhem!  We thought the food was pretty good and the beer was awesome!  I highly recommend the pretzels...a great appetizer to share, as they are HUGE!!  

Final thoughts on this place - this is NOT the place to go for a romantic dinner and probably not a place you would just go with your significant other, that is unless you are like us....my Girlfriend is German and loves beer more than me!!!  So, for us - we had an absolute blast.  Just be sure you know what you are getting yourself into before you go....otherwise you will most likely be disappointed.  The prices are a bit steep - but hey, it's Vegas!!  Nothing is cheap here - unless you are way off strip!!  Prepare to drop some coin...those beers are close to $14 a pop!!  Still - this IS the place to come with friends...bring a big group!  You won't regret it and make sure you bring a camera...we got some priceless photos!  Taking a shot, bending over the table, and getting a firm spanking from Brunhilda...now that's a unique Vegas experience!!
Omigod! Ever since I found out that we get a 20% discount on our perks page at work, I've been itching to check this place out. Sam had been to the original Hofbauhaus when he was in Munich and being the beer connourssier that he is, we HAD to visit.

The parking lot as slightly small but they had valet. We walked in and was greeted by these hostesses that dressed like 15th century beer wenches. AHhhh....

Now to the goodies... The food... We ordered a huge pretzel. Yummy! And then i got a bunch of pork based goodies. I think as far as non-Asians, go, Germans make a good use of the pig in its entirety. The food was great, the beer was great, they even had a live band and spoon dancing. We ended up walking out with a beer glass and a boot shaped beer glass... 

auf Wiedersehen!
Great beer, wonderful schintzel, spatzel, live music, spankings and more...

PROST!
I haven't had the opportunity to go to Germany and had the pleasure of experiencing Oktoberfest, but from what I'm told, this is as close as it gets in the good ol' U-S-of A.  The funny thing is, once you step inside the Hofbrahaus, there is NOT A TRACE OF LAS VEGAS.

the half liter/liter of Hefe Weizen is where it is at!  the music the atmosphere was pretty darn fun.  the food looked pricey, but we ate before coming, so i guess you can say the Hefe Weizen was a night cap.  The pretzel with the sauces was a compliment to the beer.

if you want a shot of Jagermeister in a test-tube being handed out by a hot blond, the price you pay is a nice paddle to the ass.  BTW, she asks you to spread them, tucks in the back end of your shirt, and makes sure you don't have anything in your back pockets, how thoughtful when someone paddles your ass.  Maybe I'll have the balls to get paddled, next time.  I'm pretty sure it will make me say (FUKKS-VAGEN!!!!) Volkswagen.
Loud, rambunctious and ribald revelry in a festive Oktoberfest atmosphere with friendly service and tastey and filling fare.  Man, those Germans love their Meat!  Warm pretzel with mustard dip is true German comfort food and compliments your beer wonderfully.  You will order a beer, right?  Kind of got to at this place.  FYI, their glass mugs weigh about 12 pounds each ... empty!   

Only gave it 3 stars because it didn't wow me, but it didn't disappoint either.  A little too loud for my taste, but then again, I'm approaching 50 so I'm probably being an old fart.  I just don't like having to yell at my dining parter 2 feet away in order to be heard.  Go for a good time and hearty chow.
Schnitzel Wiener Art: Classic breaded pork cutlet, served with cranberries and homemade Bavarian style potato salad.

Jumbo complete: giant pretzel served with 'Obatzer' Cheese, sweet mustard and onion mustard

Oktoberfest Braten Teller: Bavarian pork and beef specialty with pork roast 'hunter style' and Spatzle, marinated pot roast (sauerbraten) with vegetables and red cabbage.
Imagine you're at a large group dinner.  You order something modest from the menu, and since you drove to meet everyone, you order a soda or an iced tea because you're a responsible non-drinking-and-driving kind of person.

Now imagine that everyone else orders steak, lobster, and lots of alcohol, in addition to the multiple bottles of wine that somebody suggested.  The check comes, and "it's easier to just split the total evenly than to try to figure out what everyone owes."  So you end up spending $75 for your burger, side salad, and Diet Coke.  Admit it, you all know what I'm talking about.

Eating at the Hofbrauhaus is kind of like that, except everyone in your party is disappointed.

If you're in Vegas, stay on The Strip for God's sake!
I will definitely return... 
The Hofbrauhaus has German Food, German Beer, and pretty girls and boys dishing out spankings.  Service is friendly and quick.... or maybe there was enough visual stimulation for me to easily forget how long it took between ordering and receiving our food.  They accommodate large groups and singles easily. The pretzel platter with all the dips is a great appetizer, and I loved the potato soup. yuuuuuuum.  oh yeah, and they have a full bar for those who need something a little stronger.  Where else can you grab a stein, stand on the table, and sing? 

The best part is that it's like getting a really cheesy show for free. Totally Vegas.  And you don't have to glam up to feel comfortable enough to have a great time.
It's October...and beer drinkers of the world know it's Oktoberfest!  The Big F and I celebrated at the only place that knows how to celebrate such an event in Vegas - Hofbrauhaus!

First off, make reservations!  You'll save yourself the headache and wait - do it online or on the phone!  And don't sit in the beer garden, you want to be in the hall for sure!

The special on Saturday is Frische Schweins Haxen. "Crispy Pork Shank, served with Sauerkraut, HB-Oktoberfest Beer Gravy, Bread and Potato Dumpling" for $19.50.  For anyone that knows lechon, this is crispy skin at its ultimate!  A fabulous job on making that piece of meat visually appetizing and tasty! 

They were also offering their Famous Bavarian Dumpling Soup for $5.50 and the HB-Dessert Tower of "Bavarian Cream with marinated Blueberries, Quark Strudel with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, and Black Forest Cake with Chocolate Sauce" for $9.95.  

One friend ordered #310 Nurnberger Rostbratwurstl. "Sausage at its Best! Three roasted Pork Sausages with Sauerkraut and Mashed Potatoes" for $13.50.  The sausage was pretty tasty with a good flavor.

I went for their side of Spatzel ($4.50) and Mushroom Gravy ($2.95) because it's something simple and I like their gravy sauce here.

We also enjoyed their seasonal roasted pecans and almonds.  By the back, there's a cart making roasted candied pecans and almonds for $3.50 a bag or two for $7.  Pretty yummy stuff, especially when the nuts are still hot!

Hofbrauhaus is a place with a great atmosphere where you are bound to chat it up and drink a bit with your neighbors.  It's definitely not a pretentious crowd here, and you'll see people from all ages doing shots of jager.

(Pics posted!)
Are you in the mood to get good and beer drunk in a very loud hall with drunky mcdrunkersons singing along to german tunes and getting spanked by a hot german chick after shooting a jaeger shot? 

If so, this place is for you.  the beer is good - you got 3 choices, Dunkel (my fav) Hefer (which i dont care for) and the Oktoberfest (good stuff).  Dont go for the food, go for the party.
been here a few times now.  it's always a blast.  i've never been to germany so i can't attest to the authenticity... basically it's a big hall complete w/ a german band, german food, 2 kinds of beer (tasty), and a dominatrix shot lady walking around handing out shots with a paddle!  good times.
Summary: Amazing beer and atmosphere, good food, snappy service, patrons were kind of weird, and so loud my ears are still ringing

Pro: I went here with some of my buddies who wouldn't shut up about this place. As other reviewers noted, it's a Bavarian theme, albeit not as authentic or good as the real thing. For Vegas though, definitely good enough. 2 liters of beer and some bratwurst later, I was a converted fan. My server Lorise was on the ball with our food and drinks, and extra accommodating as we had a few extra people join us halfway through our meal. 

Con: So the seating is communal, so expect to get sandwiched next to some Orange County DB's and an obese family from Fresno. We had the supreme luck of being seated next to a dude and his girlfriend that were all over each other like white on rice. Also, it's stupid loud in the place when it's full of hundreds of drunk people, and a band playing the chicken dance. We're talking can't talk to anyone, barely able to think loud.

PS- They have some really cool Tees and other beer related merchandise at their store in the front. Beerfest fans, take note of DAS BOOT!
Hofbra is off the chain... bra.  I've been to the one in Germany, so the one in LV didn't really do it justice but got me all nostalgic anyway.  Pretty cool having alarmingly attractive young ladies in lederhosen (sp?) serving me huge beers.  Dunkel and hefe are the way to go.  Didn't eat any of the food but the beers were somewhat expensive.  I think it was like $10 a beer or something like that.  The bartender lady told me they ship all their beer from the brewery in Germany which I thought was really cool.  Pretty awesome being able to rekindle some old memories there though.  Would definitely go back to eat and drink next time.
Hofbrauhaus Munchen Part Zwei

If you've been to the original, this will bring back tons of memories-- some you wanted to forget :-)

My husband is half german so he loved the authentic german brew, the homestyle german food, and the ompah band.  The atmosphere is frenetic between the live music, beer stein holding contests, and the guys with the jagermeister shots getting paddled.  That was probably the most amusing part of the whole evening-- watching a large-boned beer wench (can I say that?!) paddling middle age men on the butt after they did a shot of jagermeister.  And they enjoyed it..... !

For me, I'm not a beer drinker, nor do I like the standard "pig and potatoes" german diet.  So eating my salad and drinking my glass of wine just didn't cut it in the biergarten.

It's a great place to take your friends, (girls) share a stein of beer, and try a fresh pretzel.  Let your hair down. But go eat somewhere else.
We came here with some friends and let me first say that their beer is pretty darn good. And that is coming from some people who love beer (my friends), and others (Jason and myself) who usually don't care for many types of beer. That was the highlight of the experience for us as far as I was concerned. 

The room was way too noisy to hold a decent conversation, but as the theme of the restaurant seemed to be "drink beer and get drunk", I guess I will let that slide. The waitresses were forced to wear these god awful costumes that were suppose to make them look like German bar maids but really just made them look frumpy, whether they were or not. And there was one poor decrepit 40 something who looked like she had prematurely aged due to partying to look more like she was 60, walking around with shots of Jager and a paddle that she was suppose to smack your ass with after you took a shot.

Now the food would have been good if it was served on a plane, but that's about in the quality range that I found it to be. They came out with the plastic covers on them which indicated that they had just been heated up and sent out for us rather than prepared fresh, and upon tasting there was no doubt. The mashed potatoes were the instant kind, my chicken breast was a flattened out patty of a thing, definitely frozen and refrozen a couple of times, and the gravy tasted like it came from a powder. 

They did have a good soft pretzel that they served with an awesome cheese dip, but at $10 for a pretzel, I could pass it up. 

My friends really liked the place though, even though one of them got the same exact meal that I did, only with beef rather than chicken... Maybe I am just expecting too much. Then again, he did have twice the amount of beer that I did. Maybe that's the secret to enjoying this place. 

I would come here again, but only to have the beer.
Food was mediocre.  Beer was delish.  Service was bad.  Super long wait for the food.  We had to share a table with some weird people.  I do like my space.  Free entertainment was amusing.

This place was worth the experience, but I'll never come back.

If it's your birthday, they might have you do some pretty ridiculous things with a looong horn.  :)  Just a warning.
When I think of German beer, I think of (sorry) Heineken. And I don't really like Heineken. It was one of the first beers I drank when I was younger because it was a popular name, but I eventually branched out to beer I liked more as I grew older.

However, going to Hofbrauhaus sent the memories of Heineken out the window and sent myself home satisfyingly buzzed after having their lager -- a whole liter and a half of it!

Not only is their beer really good (and comes in large quantities), their food is great too! I never knew I could have a fancy hot dog. I ordered the Wiener Wurstl which is basically Vienna style frankfurters which came with a side of Bavarian Potato Salad, and damn it was the best wiener I ever had. Um, hot dog. Er, frankfurter.

I would definitely go back again. Aside from liters of beer, and delicious wieners, they have a live band playing German music, and a lady that comes around and spanks you with a paddle for each Jagermeister shot you take.

It's a good place with lots of energy -- but also, as expected, really loud.
Little did I know this beer house was a replica of some famous beer house till I read about it later. There were benches for seating...and everyone was in costume! There was some live music being played and a very cheerful crowd. It was hard not to be cheerful around this atmosphere.

The foot itself was ok. I was starving after not eating all day. I ordered the 'tower' special. It came with three entrees of which included lots of meat. yes some sausage...and red cabbage...the potato strudel was definitely the best thing i had that night--and i only got a little piece!

Their weizen is pretty good...coulda added a lemon but I just chugged it with my food. hearty stuff.

waiter was super duper friendly....making jokes and just chatting us up.

hubs ordered sausage and he wished he ordered more after that...they were on the smaller side.
The Hofbrauhaus is a German beer hall that's a loud and rowdy good time.  There's a hot blond chick that passes out Yager shots and spanks patrons with a wooden paddle.

The food is mediocre, kind of just a bland carb. fest, but the huge pretzel w/ a few dipping sauces compliments your beer quite well.  It's a bit loud for my taste, but worth checking out for a brew or two.
I won the beer stein-holding contest before I even sat down for my meal, so my review of the Hofbrauhaus may be a bit biased. 

I love this place! Don't go here for a quiet meal or a romantic evening. If you come to Vegas for the same reason I do -- to live it up! -- then this is a good place to visit. After my boyfriend and I BOTH won the stein-holding contest we sat down for a biiiiiig liter of beer and the BEST soft pretzel I've ever had in my life, accompanied by the best mustard and cheese ever! 

The Hofbrauhaus is just plain fun! Don't expect totally authentic German...it's more German with an American tourist twist. The rowdy atmosphere is fun, not annoying, and the food and beer is delicious. I'll come back every time!
Top 10 things everyone needs to know about the Hofbrauhaus: 

1. This is a German beer garden.
2. This place will be loud. Very loud. (There is a quieter section which you can ask for, but why?) 
3. The dining room is made up of huge tables, which means that unless you have about 8 in your party you will be sharing a table. 
4. You will be encouraged to drink. 
5. The food is mediocre. 
6. The beer is outstanding (and I don't like lagers much!) , and the only size it's served in is liter (don't order one of those smaller sizes).
7. You may get paddled (sometimes to the point where your arse is black and blue the next morning).
8. You will need to stand on your table and participate in the singalongs. 
9. Apple schnapps goes down very easy and has little alcohol.
10. You go here to have a raucous good time.

The only real downer is the service can be a tad slow, but only once (out of the 10 or so times I've been here) has it been overly bad.

(Closed circuit to the 45 people who said there was "No Alcohol" - Which Hofbrauhaus in a parallel universe were you going to?)
Oktoberfest happens here EVERY night.  It's loud -- when we went there was a band playing louder than a WHO concert -- and the beers were flowing.
Hofbrauhaus is not too far off of the strip and a good place to go with a group of friends/colleagues. If you are looking for a loud and fun atmosphere that is different from your typical night club scene in the big hotels, this venue will meet your needs.

I  especially like the traditional German folk band playing and audience participation.

The food is mediocre but the beer and atmosphere will make up for that.
So I made another trip here during the 2009 CES, and it was just as fun as ever.  It was just as lively as before, and the band did an excellent job of making this place a fun and entertaining evening for us.  At some point in the night, the band announced that a very special guest would be coming in soon, but we had no idea what to expect... (more on that later)

So my friend and I ended up with the jagerschnitzel, which is a fried and breaded pork dish that also came with some spatzle (handmade German pasta).  Not as big as my meal last time I was here, but still very good.  The one thing that is cool is that instead of bringing bread to the table, they bring out a soft pretzel and several dipping sauces.  The pretzel was very good, and for me, just the regular mustard was good enough.  Our other friend got another dish that was all sausage, and that looked really good too.

Our waitress was very fun, and came by to check up on us regularly, but not to a point that it got annoying.  She also noticed that my friend and I both had a bunch of cameras out, and told us that the "special guest" was about to arrive, and we should rush the big double doors before anyone else got there.

The doors open, and it's none other than David Hasselhoff!  So he comes in with a camera crew, my friend and I are busy snapping up pictures, everyone is rushing the area he is walking, and he makes his way to the band area.  He talks a little, and then starts signing "Freedom", and says that he is happy to be at the HOFFbrau haus.  

It was definitely an enjoyable evening, and I think we will start to make the Hoffbrau Haus as one of our CES traditions.
We reserved a table for our group of about 12. Group was all guys that had known each other since high school, plus a few that served together in Iraq. We though the plan was to meet for dinner. We had split up into smaller groups since we all wanted to do different things during the day. Well, a lot of the other groups decided they would eat first and just show up for drinks. Wish he had thought of that.

Beer was good, but expensive. My favorite was the seasonal winter ale. We had a lot of fun being loud, getting paddled by the shot girl, etc. However, no one else there was being loud or anything. The place was packed, but every other group was pretty subdued. The band was OK. I don't know much about German music so maybe they were more authentic or whatever, but their music didn't seem to get people going as much some bands I've seen at local Octoberfest events.

The place is what you and your friends make of it. We had fun and I would have given it a higher rating if the food and service had been better. I split a sausage platter with a friend. It was around $20 and we got 3 sausages. One tasted like an Oscar Meyer weiner. We also shared an obatzer which was really good, but only came with one pretzel which was way too little for the giant lump of cheese. We ordered another pretzel, but it never came. Supposedly there is a pretzel girl sometimes; she wasn't there when we were there. We were both still hungry when we left. Some others in the group got burgers. They we huge. Man vs. Food huge. However, they said they weren't that good.

Service was mixed. Shot girl and souvenir girl were cool and basically hung out at our table since we were the only people buying stuff from them. When you get a shot, the girl paddles you. We saw one other person get paddled while we were there. Most of our group got a shot and several got two. Our actual server seemed like she wasn't happy to have the "rowdy" table. She just kind of stood there.
If you don't like loud, crowded areas with lots of excitement going on, then you probably won't like this place. The beer is awesome and the food is great. Their pretzels are really good too. Come on a Friday or Saturday evening when they have a lot of contests and live German music. It makes the experience a thousand times better!
IMPORTANT NEWS FLASH----Beer chugging contest (read on) 


THE ORDER: 
Pretzel - the size of my head 
             - yummy w sweet mustard, spicy mustard, & oh my goodness 
               cheese 
2 HUGE beers - for me & my honey 


YIPPPEEE 
3p on a Sunday & i'm in a beer drinking contest - Awesome 
            - chugging down as fast as i can a 1/2 liter of FREE BEER 
            - no charge to enter contest = FREE BEER 
Standing on bench 
            - singing & swaying to beer drinking song
German guy performer - giving female patron a hummer w GIANT horn thing & performing a song at the same time. 
             - Now thats entertainment & some serious multi-tasking.


BOOOO 
I lost the contest 
           - some other chic walked away w my huge cool free stein 
           - which in the gift shop cost $18 
On my behalf 
           - i had just eaten a giant pretzel & had already drank a liter of beer
             or i would have whupped some bootie 
This place is kinda expensive but if u consider all the free stuff & great show it evens out in the end
          - pretzel $12 (for bread, ouch) 
          - big beer w big price also like $12 each
Go here knowing that it's not really about the food. It's about being able to have Oktoberfest any godforsaken night you want! It's loud, rockus, and everything one could hope for in a evening of drunken revelry. You're in Vegas. You want a quiet, sedate, sober meal, take your ass elsewhere.

We didn't have to wait very long to get to our spot in the corner of the large beirhall. We were in the back and I think when we go back, I'll request seat farther up front, so I can hear the band better. And get a front row seat to the chuggin' contests and be able to actually see the birthday boys and girls who get pulled on stage to play with the band. 

Our server was a hoot. Very friendly and quick with everything. I enjoyed reading "the news" in The Hofbrauhaus Times while we waited for our food. Who knew that Vegas harbors an "underground Bavarian community"?!

As a vegetarian, I was wary (I lost about 6 pounds in the week I stayed in Austria). Not a heap of option, but something (look for "Vegetarian" section of the menu or ask your server). 

We shared the giant pretzel and I really enjoyed slathering the butter/cheese mixture onto the piping hot thing. Me & the Mr. split the Allgäuer Käsespätzle, which is akin to mac'n'cheese. Not very flavorful, but it was filling. With all the bread and cheese, though, I thanked my stars they served a salad, or else I might have plugged up, if you know what I mean. 

Oof.
Ohhhh Hofbrauhaus, how I love thee!

I admit staying at the Hard Rock Hotel on this trip to Vegas just because you are directly across the street. (Turned out to be a big mistake as Hard Rock is a terrible hotel choice)

We went for Valentine's Dinner. How romantic is that, right?!! I made reservations even though they weren't needed. When we entered the restaurant, there were approximately 10 people waiting for a table, but we were seated right away.

Make sure you get one of the $12.95 pretzels as an appetizer. Best thing on the menu!

There was a special menu available including: 

+ Tomato Cream Soup garnished with Pretzel croutons and chives. Delicious!
+ Chicken Schnitzel garnished with green asparagus and sauce Choron, served with parsley Yukon Gold Potatoes. Sadly, this plate was sold out by the time we got there. :( I ended up eating an enormous plate of sausage. nom nom nom.
+ Valentine's Crepe "Romanoff" served with vanilla ice cream, marinated strawberries and whipped cream. They have an amazing whipped cream. 

One of the fun things about this place is watching the all female chugging contest. The women all introduce themselves before downing their beer. Based on their looks, we placed bets on who the winner would be. I went with a puffy faced girl wearing a Wisconsin sweatshirt (how could I go wrong!?). The winner ended up being some girl from Santa Barbara with NO gag reflex what-so-ever. She didn't breathe once while downing her beer. (I'm fairly certain all females from Santa Barbara have no gag reflex, but that is for another site.)

One strange part of the dinner was the main guy on stage wearing lederhosen. He was announcing everything and singing on the microphone. He honestly sounded like Alvin from the Chipmunks. It was so bizarre. 

One of the better moments was another guy blowing the "Alphorn". There was a wedding party eating dinner and they got the bride up on stage. She was wearing a tiny skirt and they placed the large end of the Alphorn between her legs and.......well....... they blew her. Watching her face was hilarious. The horn blower announced that she was now "ready to go!"

Ahhhh, good times Hofbrauhaus! See you on our next trip to Vegas.
I love this place ! My friends had their wedding reception here and it was
great. Hofbrauhaus is german restaurant with a beer hall and a beer garden both awesome. We dined in the beer garden which is made to look like your outside With the blue sky and trees etc. You think your outside but your not.
Being a Saturday night the place was jumping with great live music.
They had a beerstein holding contest which was fun to watch.
The whole atmosphere is like one big party for both young and old.
 As for the food and beer it's very good and I've been to Germany many times.
We tried the Nuenberer Rostbratwurst (3 sausages with sauerkaut and
mashed potatoes ) $13:95 yum.
The Wiener Schnitzel (breaded pork culets with cranberries and homemade Bavarian potato salad ) $18:95 was Huge and enough for two.
Almost every table ordered the Jumbo pretzel ( with cheese and two kinds of mustard) $12:95 pricy but so good and a great starter to share.
All the beer is imported from German and served in huge beersteins.
The staff and servers all dress in old time german outfits that look cool.
I've saved the best for last the ( PADDLE GIRLS ).
The paddle girls are servers who bring you a shot that someone has sent you and after drinking it you bend over and get spanked.
This goes on all night with screams and cheers from the crowds of guest
enjoying the fun.
Hofbrauhaus will be opening their first California restaurant in cupertino. It will open  this coming June in the Valco mall .
I can't wait !
Great atmosphere, cold beer, and the pretzels and mustards are awesome.  I ordered one of the nights specials, a deep-fried pork shank with gravy and some potato and dough ball things.  I was bummed when the entree came out because I don't think it came immediately out of the fryer...I have a feeling it was sitting in the window a bit.  The outer skin was soo hard it was tough to cut into.  Some of the deeper meat tasted okay and was still somewhat moist but most of the meat and skin was dry and tough.  Bummer.  Did have a good bowl of goulash.  I should have just gotten some sausage dish, but it was still a fun dining experience.   I would go back if I was with friends who wanted to go back, especially if just for pretzels and beer.
If you don't walk out of here totally stuffed, wasted and deaf, then you haven't lived the complete Hofbrauhaus experience.

This place is just alive, and in a good way. It's like you step in here, sit at one of the freakingly long picnic-style tables and you're sitting with family members you never knew existed. 

I've never been to Germany, but if this place is anything remotely close to what a beerhouse in Germany would be like, then send me on a one way ticket there!

On my first trip here, I had noticed a guy at our table who looked like Vince Neil. I yelled at the top of my lungs to my boyfriend, who was sitting right next to me (yes, it's really THAT loud in there) that I thought the guy sitting on my other side looks like Vince Neil. My boyfriend tells me, "Why don't you ask him if he's Vince Neil?"

I ponder that as I take a swig from my second liter-sized glass of beer, and decide, what the heck. I'll ask. Now, normally, I'm quite a shy and reserved person. But we were in Germany, er, Vegas, and nobody knows who I am. So what the heck?

I turn to my left, and tap "Vince" on the shoulder. 

"Has anyone told you that you look like Vince Neil?" I shout loudly enough to ensure the sound got through his long blond locks to his ears.

"Vince" turns to me and shouts back to me, "Look like Vince Neil? I AM Vince Neil!"

For a split second, I thought I was gonna pee a liter's worth of beer in my pants. 

Then, in the next 1/2 second, "Vince" and I (still face-to-face) scream simultaneously. I remember it either being a Maculay Culkin from Home Alone imitation (you know, the aftershave scene) or we were seeing who could do the best Sam Kinison impersonation. 

It was one of the most hilarious times I've ever had. I do believe he started signing "Shout At the Devil" at some point during the night. I was so effin' buzzed, though, that I can't recall. 

Good times indeed.
"heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy eyyyyyyyyyyyy eyyyyyyyyyy... ooh ha ha!!! i wannna knowwww-ooohh-ooohhhhhhh~  would you be my girl!!!"

i love going to HB haus cuz it brings back such great memories from the time i went to oktoberfest in munich ... wayyy back in 2003!!!

i love the band... the songs they sing.. the brats, sausages, pretzels.. u know, german grub..

AND of course the steins and steins of beer!!!  

This is a great place to spend your "early" evening (dinner to around 11pm) before you head over to a more poppin' and happenin' place (i.e., club or lounge) to dance of all the calories you consumed from the food and beer!!!

CHHHEEEEEERRRS!!!
Well.  This was certainly a different experience!

If you burned out on trendy, then go to Hofbrauhaus, where the food is ridiculously hearty, the mood is raucous, the servers are efficient but not glamorous, and the prices are reasonable.  Just eat a light lunch - seriously.

Get the pretzel.  Mmm....so good.
Wow! 

This place was amazing. I don't think I have ever been to anything like it before. I group of about 20 of us went to Vegas over the weekend. We were looking for a place to eat that would accommodate of all us at a reasonable price. One of my friends had been to the real Hofbrauhaus in Germany and thought it would be a a good place to go. 

It was a huge dinning hall. Live music, that played all sorts of German music along with 70's and 80's cover songs. Random but so cool. Every few minutes they yelled, 

"Ziggy zaggy ziggy zaggy oy oy oy," 
While raising the Stein and toasting to the evening. 

Of coarse having German heritage and my last name being Kriege, I felt at home in this place. I loved everything about it. The atmosphere is one in a million. The food was great and authentic German food. They have 3 different house beers to choose from. Tried all of them but the Hefe is still my favorite. 

OK, I didn't want to spoil it but the best part was there is a Jager girl who walks around with shots. But the catch is you have to get spanked by her wooden paddle after you take your shot. And she's a feisty one. 

Jager girl+ steins of beer+ good food + amazing atmosphere= the best experience ever!
Of course it can't compare to it's original in Munich, Germany...  but this Vegas gem of a German restaurant comes pretty close.  It is located near the Hard Rock casino and easy to get to by cab from most other casinos in Vegas.  I love the German food almost as much as the HUGE German beers, and the German entertainment makes the experience that much better.  I cannot leave Vegas without a trip here to remind me of days past spent in Bavaria.
So I'm not much of a beer drinker and I'm really trying to stay away from really rich and fatty foods.  So this was probably not a good choice.

The entire table looked down at me as my salad headed my way.  I knew I was hungry so I also ordered the creamy mushrooms since the waitress said that the serving size was like that of a side dish and would go perfectly with the salad. Now...either she lied or she has one hell of an appetite.

My salad was rather blah and nor did it feel healthy as the chicken was kinda greasy.  And the creamy mushrooms....well, there were less mushrooms than cream.  And in between it all was this like huge ball of stuffing.  It was actually pretty good, but definitely not healthy.

And my non-beer drinking self...well, I washed it down with some good ol' iced tea :-)

The atmosphere was loud....pretty loud, but still exciting and fun.  Don't expect to hold any type of conversation while there, but do expect to get an opportunity to be spanked.  Yes...literally.  With a big paddle.  I think you get a free shot with every spank.  Oh yeah, and they take your picture as well.

Oooo...their hot pretzel....EXCELLENT!
This is a hidden gem in Vegas.  It is 5 for my husband and 4 for me because I am not much of a beer drinker.  My late father went to the Hofbrauhaus in Munich more than 30 years ago and loved it.  (He is the tie breaker here- making this a 5).  My family members followed him and we all went there in Munich several years ago. We all loved the entire experience there.

This was our first time visiting a Hofbrauhaus outside of Munich and we were pleasantly surprised.  Although the building is a lot smaller than its German original, it reminded us of the good times we had there.  It is not quite as good as the original but very close.  The interior is very similar, the music was excellent, and everyone there seemed to be enjoying themselves - including a bridal party.  The food and beer were excellent - not the normal US copy of a German restaurant but the real stuff.  

Our first reaction was that it is a shame that the restaurant is so far from the strip.  But if it was, it would be too packed to get in and it would be spoiled.  We highly recommend this place, it is definitely worth the cab fare.  Enjoy.
This place is pretty awesome.  Good beer, good food, fun entertainment, and wonderful for large groups.  If you want to take a Jager shot, be prepared to get your ass spanked twice.  Don't forget to tip the Ricola guys and don't be surprised if you see a celeb in there.  "RICOLA!!!"
For my recent birthday (April 5 - mark your calendars for next year!), I originally made reservations for Rosemary's. However, a few hours prior, I decided that I couldn't go to Vegas without visiting HB. 

I'm soooo glad that I made this last-minute change of plans!

The band playing that night was awesome! They played oldies and even the Star-Spangled banner. 

Sadly, I only had the 1/2 liter of beer, while my boyfriend had two 1-liters. If you come here, definitely order the pretzel. It's humongous! It was so good that it was gone before I could take a picture. 

Our server spanked me with a wooden paddle. She just got hired a week ago. Man, she must love her job. 

HB - I'll see ya when I'm back in town! Luv ya!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!

I'm always down to try out good brews and this place has some good stuff!  The food is so so but we really don't go here for that.  Just some drinks and good times!  Mind you, I'm not even German and I always come here when I go to Vegas.  It's funny, walking in there being the only Asians/Filipinos in the joint but I don't give a crap.  The people here show so much love.  

I love screaming with the band, shouting out lyrics I have no clue that I'm talking about, and getting my butt whacked after taking a shot.----Don't know what I'm talking about? Order any shot from the menu and laugh as your waitress smacks your behind with a paddle.  It's such a great time, especially after drinking out of those HUGE stein glasses.

If you like to have fun, drink and make noise, this is the place for you.  Bring your friends and bring a camera!  Be loud and just have fun!
Amazing food!! Dishes are always hot and packed high! Plenty to eat AND take home!! Go towards the evening to enjoy an imported beer, hear imported bands and be part of the action with their Stein Holding Contest!!
Ja, auch in Las Vegas gibt es ein Hofbräuhaus, auch da spielt die Blasmusik, auch hier schmeckt die bayrische Küche und natürlich das Bier Ein riesiger Biergarten (430 Gäste)mit Brunnen ist angegliedert, allerdings Überdacht und buntbemalt. Bekannte von mir machten täglich ab 17.00 Uhr Musik. Zur Zeit kostet die Mass HB-Bier 10,95 US-Dollar. Nicht nur in München wird Oktoberfest gefeiert, besonders auch hier im Nachbau des Hofbräuhauses mit Weissbier und seinen ca.380 Sitzplätzen bei guter Stimmung Es ist schon eigenartig in der Wüste Dirndl und Trachten zu begegnen. Aber auch der Schweinsbraten schmeckte hier ausgezeichnet, es war schon ein Erlebnis..
This place was great, however we almost got more sausage than we ordered!

Let me start off by saying the atmosphere was great, live German music, great service and they had a fun clientel. The food was good, not fantastic, but definitely good (which is the only reason why they do not get a five).

The table next to us had a group of about a dozen Austrian bikers. We clinked glasses and exchanged pleasantries, however on closer inspection they may have been a little bit too friendly, because as we left there were a few too many lingering and disappointed looks, as if they had just seen dessert taken off of the menu!

The moral of the story is do not be scared of moustachioed gents dressed in leather, just know when to make an exit.
HB combines everything I love about Las Vegas with good beer. An American version of foreign places (yes, New York counts) while providing loud music and a somewhat cultural experience. The prices are a little high relative to quality, but after a couple tasty German beers things do not seem so bad after all.
This place is a new spot to hit when in Las Vegas.

Boy did i have fun,from the drinks to the food,it was a whole awesome experience.Staff is great,and service is on demand.

Tried the following:

Cremy Bavarian Potatoe Soup (really good)

Hofbrauhaus Platte: Smoked Pork Loin,Pork Roast,smoked Sausage with Mash Potatoes,great plate

A few Hofbräu Original Steins

I got to see some adults get spanked and singing YMCA,its a must to experience this place,loud,so dont bring a conversation here,just laughs!

Enjoy
Good beer, so-so food. My friends love coming here whenever we go to Vegas. The main reason is because everyone prints out a coupon on their website for free beer with an order of any entree. The food here never impresses me. I've been here two times too many. The service is pretty good, but is overshadowed by the bland food.
Hofbrauhaus is a BLAST.  Here's why:

This is the best recreation of a German Beerhaus or beer hall that I've ever been to.  The whole place is designed for the long tables you sit at with your buddies to drink imported litres of beer.  There was a traditional Oom-pah band, which only added to the evening.

I went with the Hofbrauhaus lager, which went down quick.  If you're adventurous, try the stout.

They have shots aplenty.  The best part is the cougar-esque Jagermeister lady, who serves shots of Jager in a jiggar tube.  The caveat at the Hofbrauhaus is that for every shot you take, someone has to get paddled by the paddle that the shot is served on.  So if that's your thing, your shot suddenly becomes a deal.  See pictures for the details.

The food is a little overpriced, but not bad at all.  It's all imported Bavarian sausages and meats, which go well with the beer.  Think of it as a beer hall first and then as a place that serves food, too.

Our waiter looked like someone off of the cast of Beer Fest, which only lends itself towards my glorification of this establishment.

Don't park.  Take a cab and thank me later.
$13.50/beer is a little steep, even if it is the large stein.  Normally at these German themed places I'll pay around $9 for the exact same thing.  I know it's Vegas, but this is a little out of hand.

They don't fail to deliver on the traditional German experience - loud obnoxious atomsphere with music, park bench seating, almost exclusively meat-focused menu, and only German beers on tap.  Servers wear traditional German clothing seen at Oktoberfest, and it's always a nice treat to see the ladies with large mammary protuberances carrying 3-4 steins in each hand!  Wow.  Boing!!
this freaked me out. It was just like the Munich location. Inside and out. I seriously had the creeps the whole time. The only thing different was of course the taste of the food and the language. Both places are full of American tourists! 

I had the Schnitzel Wiener Art which is a huge think breaded and fried pork cutlet with a side of cranberry. It also came with potato salad. The pork was bland and really needed the cranberry. The potato salad was standard grocery store variety.
My bf had the Jägerschnitzel and we both really liked it. It is the same breaded and fried pork as mine but it was smothered in a gravy of bacon, mushrooms and onions. Its "hunter style". It came with Spätzle which was also really creamy and good. My bf has German heritage so if he says the Spätzle tastes like his mom's cooking, then it must be good. We also had potato dumplings and apple sauce on the side, both of which were just ok. 

I was pretty happy with the atmosphere and the service, though it is really no contest which Hofbrauhaus I prefer....Munich can't be duplicated completely.
The Hofbrauhaus was exactly as it was described, an exact duplicate of the one in Munich (or so I have been told). The service was great. The food was pretty good.  We went for lunch. I had the veal brats, mashed potatoes, and spicy mustard. Had we had more time in Vegas I would have loved to have come back for dinner. The price was high but that's pretty standard for Las Vegas. I would recommend this place for large groups of people.
Munich is a bit far away for me to get my Germany fix.  So it's nice that Hofbrauhaus has a Vegas location.  The location is pretty much spot on to what you'd find in Munich, it's just a slight bit smaller (and virtually everyone speaks English).

The food is pretty good, it's just not something you'll want to go over board if you're watching your cholesterol levels.  I had a chicken with mushroom sauce and spatzel which was pretty tasty.  Our table also had the apple strudel with ice cream.

The beers aren't priced the same as Germany - 1/2 liter was $7.50, a full liter was $13 if I remember correctly.  But go for the full liter - trust me, you can finish it all.

We avoided the shots which came with a complimentary whack of the shot paddle (think of frat house hazing, it's pretty much the same thing).

The entertainment was pretty good and it's a fun place to hang out at for a few hours.

My only complaint is that it was so loud, that you're literally yelling at the people sitting at your table to talk.
Love the Hofbrauhaus so much that we had our rehearsal dinner here before our wedding.  It made for such a fun night with family and friends.  The food is great (definitely not for those people who are watching their figures though!).  We hosted around 20-30 people, so the restaurant worked with my mother-in-law to set up a corner in the main beer hall with our own private buffet.  It was great, and she said their service was fantastic!

If you're in the mood for silly beer games and a good spanking, this is the place to go!
A stone's throw from my hotel, and being disappointed I've never actually been to the actual one in Germany, I had to come here. The liter beer was calling my name.

Being by myself on business, I don't like eating by myself. But they have really large tables that they sit out at, family style. So I kind of was sitting next to people in a way. Coupled with the live band and the other stuff going on, I felt like part of the festivities rather than the lone business traveler sitting at dinner.

They have a couple types of beer and a couple sizes. Of course, when the server asked me if I wanted a beer and I replied "yes", then I should have been more specific. Because he brought out the large one that made me sheepishly grin that I'd just ordered something that size. But it was delicious.

The food was uninspired, but then again, I think I should have gone with the server's recommendation. I had the meal with the various sausages and they didn't have enough flavor to my liking. 

Hopefully coming here again and grabbing something else to eat will elevate my opinion a bit more. But for beer drinkers, this is definitely a nice place to sip on one.
Good food, good beer.

The liter beers are huge, about the size of my head.  You could kill someone w/ the mug, it was so heavy.

We ordered the chicken bratwurst, veal bratwurst, weiners (kekeke -_-), and pork cutlet entrees along with two pretzel apeptizers - one was some garlic type tip, and the other was chicken liver.  I was surprised the chicken liver didnt taste bad, but I dont think i'd recommend it.  The pretzels were awesome though, with the other dips.  The chicken bratwurst seemed too dense and was really filling - it's like they packed a whole chicken into the two bratwursts.  The weiners were soo good, wish we had some buns to put them in (thats what she said).  But really, we all thought they'd be amazing with buns and ketchup.  The pork cutlet was huge, took up the entire plate and was also really good with the spicy mustard.  All the entrees came w/ a side, like mashed potatoes.  I had the liter hef to drink (it was great), and i was surprised i left standing (lightweight, i know O_o).  All the entrees are large portions, so you'll definitely leave feeling full.

The dining area was cool, felt kind of like a cafeteria.  We came around 2pm so there weren't that many people there, but I bet it would be so fun eating and drinking there when its packed, with live music going on.

Next time I come i want to try some of their fish specials, but being my first time there, it just didn't sound right not getting bratwurst.

The service was great, really attentive and gave us recommendations on what people liked.  The manager also said it was cool for us to leave the car parked in their private lot and walk across the street to the hard rock too.

I'll be back.
Excellent beer as it comes in liters!!!!! Their food was good, but definitely a tourist place. We were there for lunch which probably not the best time to go, but the evening time will be much more fun.
I lived in Deutschland for a couple of years. I fell in love with bratwurst, schnitzel, sauerkraut, potato dumplings, potato pancakes, brotchen etc. Germany also introduced me to anomalies such as mezzo mix (coke with an orangey lemony twist), nutella, eating fries with mayonnaise, room temperature beer, cola weisen (beer mixed with cola) and Birkenstocks. It was an experience indeed. The Hofbrauhaus reminds me of those days. Germany, Vegas style. The food is authentic enough to be called German cuisine. I recommend the different types of wursts or the schnitzel. Quite expensive if you ask me. Warning: when the band is playing in the hall it gets really loud! Make sure to watch your beer intake because the alcohol will sneak up on you.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOO to this place.  
Horrible tourist trap.  

Overpriced, but the food is ok.  Kitschey garbage all over.  Horrible band playing music on 11 NONSTOP.  So miserable trying to eat there.  Yodeling and accordion and such.  

Food ok but 4.50 for spaetzle, other sides.  Guess I should have expected this in Vegas.
When you first walk in it seems like a Disney-esque tourist trap with all the waitstaff in costumes.  Spying the giant steins of beers changed my mind.  The food was pretty good, the beer was very good, and the house band made the night paying both traditional German music and rock/pop.  Watch out for the Jaeger shots and paddles!
With the Disney-facation of Vegas, the Hofbrahaus was my latest discovery of "what not to enjoy" in Vegas.  They try to come off as a genuine German eatery but what they really are is a bad imitation.

They've got the decor and the glassware down, but the 'kraut, schnitzel, brats, etc all tasted like they were rushed out of 2nd rate kitchen, refrigerated, and reheated for later consumption.

Note to self, stop looking for "authentic" ethnic food in Vegas.
Average but not great.

It was my husband's turn to pick a place for date night and he had heard about HofBrauhaus from some of his co-workers. He decided to check it out for a couple reasons- 1) we both enjoy German food, esp. after living in Italy and travelling to Germany to see my sister-in-law (stationed in Germany) and 2) we're getting ready to move to Germany in a year and wanted a little German tease. 

ATMOSHPERE:  I was not surprised by the decor or the costumes since we had been told about the place. Although the description from one of my husband's co-workers was wrong. He described it "like a restaurant you would go to in Bavaria." To us, it was more like a beer tent one would see at an Oktoberfest. Anyway, the atmosphere was pleasant enough but I would not recommend for a date night. 

FOOD & DRINK: For a starter, I had the soup of that day, salmon and asparagus soup and my husband had the Potato Soup. Both were really really good and I could have eaten more! Main dishes- I ordered the  Majoram- veal bratwursts with red cabbage and a side of spatzle. The sausages (2) were good but not great. The cabbage was too sweet and the spatzle too bland. The beer was good but I've had better dark beers.  My husband ordered the Munchner Weisswurste- poached white sausages and a pretzel. He enjoyed his dish but again, it was good not great. Drinks- because I wasn't driving, I ordered the Hofbrau Dunkel (small size). It was okay but I've had better dark german beers. 

It's a great place if you're going with a group of friends or family. Otherwise, not ideal for a date night unless you enjoy shouting over the live band and sharing a table with strangers.
Akin to the origin of most things I did in Vegas, taking a walk in 115-degree desert heat to have a "brunch" of beer and brats was one of those "when else am I going to do this?" moments.

After wandering around without a concrete idea of where we were going, the Hofbrauhaus finally greeted us as an oasis of German-themed refreshments. We were quickly seated, beered and pretzeled. I got the HB Hef, which was surprisingly memorable, and the pretzel, which the waitress pretty much pushed on us, was actually a highlight of our meal. Aside from these staples, the menu is fairly homogenous: most dishes involve a sausage, mustard, and potato in one form or another.

Though our meal ended up being surprisingly pricey, I would say it was worth it. At least until I get the chance to actually make it to Germany.
THIS PLACE ROCKS!

Quick and simple:  Indoor beer garden, BIG, BIG steins of fresh beer, long communal tables, a live German band, everybody singing and drinking and laughing.

Good times!

Who cares if you don't know anyone here.  Bring some friends along and make some new ones while you're there.  The long tables and benches are meant for sharing with others and meeting new people.  Don't be shy!

Who cares if you're not German.  I'm not and definitely could never pass as one, but had a great time nonetheless.  In fact, some German folks were smiling at us because we were having such a great time.  That or they were surprised we knew the lyrics to some of the German drinking songs.  Yeah me and my buddies faked it pretty damn good.

Who cares if you don't speak German.  Drink and sing along at the top of your lungs and mumble something in tune.  Shoot make up your own lyrics if you want.  Just make sure to sway your stein back and forth up in the air.  You'll look stupid if you don't because you'll be the only one.

Who cares if you don't drink beer (WHAT!? Fine I'll drink it for you).  You'll still have a great time laughing at everybody and enjoying the band.

What you do drink beer??  The steins look big and intimidating, but if you do the math you'll realize how many bottles of beer is actually in one.....so order the biggest stein.  It's such a great feeling holding one in your hand.  So much power!  The beer goes down really smooth and its not at all filling.

It's a great feeling of being in a large room set up like an indoor beer garden and feeling like you're part of some big community or party.  Major plus is the band drinking along with everyone and singing at the same time!  Major skills there.

Definite good time.  Waitresses here are awesome....very friendly and there to make sure you have a great time.

By the way, make sure to ask for a round of shots for you and your guests.  Or at least a shot for your best bud you're drinking with.  It's tradition.

Everytime I brought my buddies here we always had a great time enjoying the "party" atmosphere, singing, drinking, and laughing the night away.

Oh yeah, make sure you buy a souvenir stein before you leave (they have a gift shop).  It'll make you smile everytime you use it or see it at home.  Buy the big one.

Good times!
This place is excellent.  It's the first restaurant near the strip that we ate at and it did not disappoint.  Very loud, sitting on wooden benches with other beer-swilling, shnitzel-eating, tankard-clanking Tutonics.  If you are hard of hearing, bring pencil and paper to communicate with friends.  Servers were excellent.  Food great but tastes better when you are drinking beer.  While you eat, there's a German band playing (even though they did play Sweet Caroline while we were there, which was super).  A dude played the Star Wars theme on a big horn (like the cough-drop alpine horn).  A dude also broke some record of holding a liter of beer with his arm fully outstretched...history was made while I downed jaegershnitzel (spelling...help).  

Oh, and lest I forget, a lady walks around with a wooden paddle and will spank you as you "assume the position" at your table for only a few bucks.  Fancy that...I guess it helps the digestion?  

Definitely come here for the experience.  Filling food and not boring in the slightest.
Great beer, good food (try the big pretzel with sweet mustard), long tables that are great for big groups, loud music (all live-- either a german house band or a live musician and kareoke).  I don't really drink and still had a blast here.  We ate in the hall like area (loud but great) and just had a chance to walk by the garden area that seemed like a quiet alternative.  Will come back.
The food is alright, but the sausages don't seem like they are made in-house, and it is a bit pricey in comparison to other German restaurants I 've been to.  The atmosphere is great, and the live music was very fun.  If it weren't for the German feel, I would be giving 2 stars.
It's OK, but just that....OK.
this is a place for a sausage fest.........OK lame jokes aside, Great Beer, Great Sausages, sauerkraut.  What more can you ask for?  

The pretzels are real good here.  I make the trek out here every single time that I am in vegas.  I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered here. I get the Wurstplate and it has a good variety of sausages.  Their sauerkraut is really good here.

Now, onto the beer.  Of course the beer here is really good since it is a german place, and those germans know a good beer.  I get the hofbraus original since I am not a fan of hefenwiezen.  Although from people that I know that love hef said the hef was good here. 

Once again, good food, good beer, I usually leave here with a nice little buzz goin to start out the night in vegas.
LOVE this place!! So glad we got there on this 2nd trip to LV! It is off the strip, but EASY to get to. All you do, is get to the HARD ROCK CAFE shuttle from the main strip on Las Vegas Blvd South, and walk across the street to Hofbrahaus. Then you're there! We were instantly transported into Germany! The waitstaff all had on authentic German/Bavarian garb and they couldn't be nicer. (all except 1 waiter. He was a total bitchy queen, but once I requested a new waiter, all was well. The place was SO fun, I couldn't have anyone ruin it!) The place is loud and raucous, and FUN! There is a band who plays German music, a jagermeister girl who spanks your behind pretty hard after you take a shot, and great food and beer. I had a smoked pork platter with AMAZING German potato salad, sauerkraut and red cabbage. The place was great and we didn't want to leave. They also had delicious looking desserts that we had no room to sample. We were SO FULL. Everything was reasonably priced, and the environment was awesome. I would def make a point to return whenever I am in Vegas.
The Hofbrauhaus is a fun place to do for lunch with a large group of people, or kids.  The beer is great but pricey.  It is very loud and the seating is family style bench. If you are looking for a restaurant to sit and visit with your friends, this is not the restaurant for you.  
Also, if you are looking for a low cost meal, this is not the place for you. 
I can't praise the food, the food is good but very overpriced.  
We enjoy the ambience and the entertainment value of the restaurant, and the beer is excellent.
This place was fun, I was wasted and got spanked by the jagergirl.

They have good soup, and really big salty pretzels.

Woo Hoo! Jagerr!!!
Have you ever had a party in which only a few people showed up, but you had the best damn party ever?  Well, I think it is fair to characterize this place as that.

Sunday lunch is not really crowded at all.  I suppose the high ceilings of the beer hall make the place seem emptier than it is.  There were probably 25 people or so here.  Live entertainment consists of a guy in lederhosen, doing his best to keep people pumped up.  He plays a music with a backup audio, do some beer tricks and play that super long horn thing.  Afterwards, he will go from table to table to chat and share a swig or two of beer.

If you are brave enough or not easily embarrassed you can earn some free goodies or beer by doing the chicken dance or even just guess the right number.

Foodwise, the portions are standard, you get your meat, potatoes and sauerkraut for $20 or so.  If you are pork or sausage averse, don't bother.  You can get a steak here, but why?

Two more comments regarding pricing and being 'touristy".   This is a place where you will pay $7.50 for a half liter of beer.  5.50 for 1/4, 13.50 for a full.  Once you have a couple of beers, another liter sounds perfectly reasonable.

My bill for four was $180 with tip for a cheese plate, three entrees, one dessert and 3 liters of beer.

This place is for tourists.  I brought my cousin from Japan here.  I probably would not go out of my way to eat here.  Having said that, I think it is a good place to entertain.

Seriously, it's silly to expect this place to somehow replicate the experience of being in Bavaria.

There is a giant beer hall room which is the primarily room.  The beer garden room is for events or probably on busier nights.  Even though it says the beer garden is airconditioned, it is a bit hotter in there (maybe they didn't have the air on).

So have a good time, make sure you are well funded and don't expect to feel like you are backpacking in Europe.  Oh yeah and get a cab or walk across the street to the Hard Rock Casino and enjoy the scenery.
pros... a FUN, LOUD and german themed beer hall or haus.  very fun and lively with lots of stuff going on.  this being a beer hall, it has the traditional group or communal long tables, so no sitting all alone, you are with a lot of other people.  if you are lucky you will get to dance to the "chicken dance" and get to sing the "Star Spangled Banner" as well as other beer haus and polka favorites as well.  

as for the beer, it was rated very good from my friends (they all drank).  i don't typically drink so i am the designated driver where ever we go.  they also have shots of alcohol, which is normal, but the little twist they have here, is that you get some corporal punishment with every shot.  you get walloped in the behind, kiester, bottom, rump, ass, heiny, you pick your word for glutimus maximus!  all in good fun, but make sure that you are conditioned for the hit, our server Emily was awesome.  she hit with authority, she will leave you a mark you can count on seeing for the next couple hours.  

the food was good, a nice selection of meat and potatoes.  big pretzels and a wonderful assortment of dipping mustards for it.    there were even some desserts.  we opted for the triple plate one, with a strawberry cream, apple strudel, and some chocolate cake.  out of the three, the strawberry thing was the best, by a wide margin.  

they also have a nice gift shop in the front, where you can buy all sorts of souvenirs, shirts, aprons, hats, bags, beer, stuffed animals, and the like.  this is vegas you know.  

cons... if you are allergic to fun don't come.  if you don't like loud, boisterous and crazy people, don't come.  if you are allergic to crowds and strangers who will be all around you don't come.  if you don't like beer don't come either.  all in all a great place to have a good time!  i'm coming back in november.
Only come here if you're looking for a loud, boisterous crowd and you're in need of a spanking. Appears to be a bit campy (like a lot of the Vegas experience, I guess), but hey, great beer and hot looking wenches, I mean, waitresses. Come with an open mind, a commitment to a good time, and lots of friends and you'll be fine.

We started with the Jumbo Complete, which is a huge pretzel served with 3 dipping sauces: Obatzer cheese, sweet mustard, and onion mustard and the Hofbrauhaus Brotzeittler, the cold cut meat plate that comes with pork, ham, sausages, cheese, pickles, and rye bread. Goes well with any of the beers, my choice (first of 3) was the Dunkel, the dark beer which was smooth and rich.

For our group (3 couples) we also split the:
- Hofbrauhaus Platte: smoked pork loin, pork roast, and a delicious smoked sausage served with dark beer sauce, mashed potato, and sauerkraut. A huge plate for 2 but we were able to rise to the task.
-Hofbrauhause Wurstplatte: Frankfurters, pork and chicken sausages also served with mashed potatos and sauerkraut.
-Muchner Weisswurst, the veal and pork sausages, absolutely delicious! good with the heffe (maybe another litre??)

Do a shot of alcohol and your server with spank you as a reward. I can only wonder what you get for finishing DAS BOOT, a giant boot of lager. I also had the lager, which had a nice bite to it.

You can end your visit with a trip to the lobby gift shop for lederhosen, tshirts, or a six-pack of beers for the hotel room after party. Will definitely fill you up, looking forward to going back for more (and I don't just mean more spanks). The place fills up on weekends, so definitely call in for a reservation.
About ten bucks for a beer and pretzel is a bit much.  Next time I'm going to the Hard Rock across the street.

Hofbrauhaus opened a few years back on Paradise.  The schtick is that this is a replica of a famous restaurant in Munich. The hostesses are dressed the part and there is plenty of homage paid to Las Vegas' most famous Germans Siegfried and Roy.

Inside the main dining hall is the classic picnic table setup for a communal dining experience.  I was there during the day and it was kinda slow so I decided to grab a seat at the bar.  I got a medium sized house beer which is imported daily from Germany.  It was ok.  Nothing above average.  Also grabbed a pretzel hoping for something semi-authentic.  Instead they brought something out nary 2 minutes later that was cold and hard.  At least warm it up!  I know it's only a pretzel but substandard service will not win a repeat customer.  I can only hope this place is a little more interesting come Oktoberfest.
its a german beer hall that serves traditional german fare.  the wheat beer is highly recommended.  this has always been my favorite first check point to visit during my vegas runs.  good beer, hearty food, it doesn't get better than this.
Always make a point to go here when in Las Vegas.  Like beer and German food and the menu covers a lot of ground.  There's an indoor (you wouldn't want to be outside) beer garden in the back part which is quieter and good for conversation.  At the front is the large open beer hall where the oompa bands play and there's guest contests and singalongs.  (Yah, seems silly at first but after a couple beers...).  It can get pretty loud in there.

Only complaint (and has little to do with the establishment, I think?)  is that sometimes it can get a bit too rowdy with some of the guests - we've seen fights happen a couple times we've been there.  So sad people can't just have fun.
I am a little biased torwards this place since I frequented the real one in Munich a few times while I was studying in Austria. I have to say that they did an awesome job recreating the Hofbrauhaus experience in Vegas. There aren't a lot of places where you can eat great German food, drink beer out of liter mugs, play drinking games, and sing polka with a 100 complete strangers. If you like dark beer ask for the dunkel because its the most delicious thing you will put in your mouth. I always make my friends come here whenever we are out Vegas, and its consistently been a fun way to start the night.
Honestly, I'm not a fan of German food but I did have a good time.

A friend we went to Vegas with saw this place as we were driving around and begged us to stop since she loved the one she had been to in Germany. 

The place looks very authentic, from the decor to the costumes the servers have to wear. There was a band playing that was good from what I could tell, but they were singing in either Austrian or German, or both. 

I ordered 34oz. beer, I forget which one but my friend squealed with excitement to know they carried it. For dinner I ordered the hamburger (mix of pork and beef). It was pretty tasty, the fries were awesome and it was decently priced. 

Everyone else ordered more authentic meals and seemed pleased. Those plate prices were much higher than my hamburger, and then with all the beers the bill was very high. 

Our server was great and very happy. I don't know why but they spank people, some tradition I'm guessing but I think after having half of my beer I wasn't really paying attention. They smacked (honestly a good hard smack) one of the guys at the table with a paddle on his rear end and everyone in the whole place cheered.

The only reason I don't give it a 4 is because, like I said before, I'm just not a fan of German food so I don't think I'll be eating there again anytime soon.
i love this place.  there are very few places that make you smile the moment you walk into them.  (the hotel lobby when you first get into vegas, disneyland, and a brothel are things that come close).

total authentic german beer hall, or so i was old by friend's german wife seeing that i've never been to germany, but again i digress.

there's long wood benches where you pretty much sit down close to the other dining guests.  but everyone is super friendly and the place is pretty lively at all hours.  everyone is just drinking, singing, cheering with each other, and having a great time.  the waitresses are the coolest and apparently will lay the smack down with the paddle they keep handy.

they fly in their hef straight from germany and it comes in it is served in giant beer steins, just the holy grail of goodness.  best hef ever.  the taste is just phenomenal and the dangerous part is that it goes down like bud light.

the food is awesome.  got to get the giant pretzel to go along with your hef.  had the ribeye last time and it was just fantastic.  the one minor drawback is that for a beer hall its kinda pricey.  we always end up with a bill of more than $50 a person, but i think that's mostly because the steins of hef run about $15.  but its well worth the money.

bottom line is that you definitely need to come here when you're in vegas.  its right across from the hard rock which is another place you should be visiting so here's your chance to kill two birds with one stone.  cheers.
A really awesome time. Take as many friends as you can, to have a table in the main hall you will want about 10 people in your group. The beer is great and people really get going with the live band and start dancing on the tables and such. Plus the servers and Jagermeister girl will come around and try to spank you. The music is awesome and everyone pretty much sings along, if your looking for a quiet evening they have the beer garden in the back which is not nearly as intense but is still really cool. Basically imagine a party version of the beer fest movie. The food is the best German in Vegas but the main attraction is the beer and atmosphere. They have free valet and a taxi stand so transport is no prob. The bill can really sneak up on you so make sure your ready for a few hundred buck s total with a large group and everyone drinking.  I wouldn't bring kids in the evening but during the day it is totally fine and nothing adult rated is going on.
Drinking actual Hofbräu Oktoberfestbier imported from Munich in a 1 liter mug accompanied by traditional Bavarian food and music -- now that is the way to have lunch!    

The beer was really good.  It was obviously pure and smooth (German laws demand as much), but it also possessed a nice flavor that paired wonderfully with the food.  

I started off with the creamy Bavarian potato soup.  Rich and creamy, I was impressed with the natural flavors that commingled so nicely in the soup.  Carrots added sweetness, fresh chives added soul, and the addition of sausage and croutons made it heartier but not overly so.  Great beginning.  

For the main course I had the Wurstplatte which was a plate of 4 sausages served over mashed potatoes  and sauerkraut with a side of spicy mustard.  The sauerkraut was served with caraway seeds (Bavarian style) and was very nicely done, full of flavor and not particularly sour.  The Vienna sausages were good, the pork sausage was incredible, and the chicken sausage was just okay.  This dish was noticeably heavy towards the end, but the lighter beer helped considerably.  Nonetheless, I really enjoyed this selection.  The side of pretzel was fresh and tasty as well.  The mustard really made it come alive.

Service was very attentive, and the girl was so pleasant and friendly.  The ambience was great.  Large, open, really cavernous space with picnic table seating and music pouring through the space.  They really captured the beer hall atmosphere of Germany here.  

I understand trying to copy the real Hofbrauhaus could be a disastrous undertaking.  400 years of tradition shouldn't be reduced to a marketing gimmick, but I think they did a nice job in the reproduction without sacrificing too much in the way of tradition.  In a world where gastropubs are coming into their own and are even being rewarded Michelin stars, I think places like the Hofbrauhaus will always prove to be a smarter alternative.  Highly recommend this side of Munich.
Such a fun and great atmosphere!!!  I've ben to Munich and this was just like how i remembered beer halls out there.  My GF is polish and she felt at home eating here.  What a great experience, cant wait to get back there!!!!
YUM! a nice restaurant off the strip. it's not cheap, but affordable.
we had a salad, sausage, potato salad, pretsels... i forgot the rest. i usually don't like potato salad, but this one was good! and the pretzel was DELICIOUS! i loved it, especially with the mustard they gave us. it was super soft. yum i want another one now!
Pros: Most fun I've had drinking beer in Vegas. The Hofbrau beer is amazing....took part in drinking games....like holding a 1 liter stein filled with beer  with one hand, dancing on tables, beer chugging, guessing the music played....met a lot of people there. Very festive atmosphere. The wait staff is very nice and dressed in Oktoberfest lederhosen. Went there twice just to drink beer!!! 

Cons: Food isn't that great
I don't think I've ever had that much fun in Vegas. 

You know, when you go to Vegas, your always chasing that Vegas dream, your going to have some unbelievable time, doing things you would never do.... and most of the time you go from place to place searching for that experience?

My friends band was playing in Vegas, so there was a big group of us out there. We went to Haufbrauhaus on a Saturday night... it was so much fun. 

Not sure if the large group contributed to that fun.... 

But basically its like an iconic German drinking hall, long table benches, GOOD beer, a German band, German food, and lots of smiling faces, and swinging beers from side to side. People go here to get drunk, and its a happy fun drunk time. the place almost exploded when the 20-30 piece band entered the building.. waving what i'm guessing is a Bavarian flag... 

Anyways, if your with a big group of people in vegas, go here!!!!! Its a really good time!!!!!
The Hofbrauhaus is insane! It is the closest you can get to Octoberfest in Germany as you can get States side. It is really fun the live music is great. they really push the involvement and promote drinking. It is a great place to take a bachelor party before a night out at the clubs. Good  schitzel, great beer, even more fun.
The atmosphere seems a bit Disneyfied, though I have it on reliable authority that, while much smaller, it more or less approximates a genuine beer hall in the Bavarian tradition.   

The food is good. If you like sausages, you should be quite happy; even the salad comes with them.  The briny half-chicken is above average, the schnitzel is enormous, and the large pretzels are, unsurprisingly, great with the liters of German beer.

They have a bar, but the beer is obviously what to stick with if you want to be properly in the spirit of the place.  The dunkel gives you more flavor for your $14/L.   You can fortify it with shots of schnapps that the dirndl-clad army of waitresses will tempt you with approximately four times an hour.  

There are two areas, both indoor; a large one where live music plays and a second, somewhat smaller room that is decorated as faux beer garden.  This is where a little luck comes into play; if you arrive at a good hour, you'll not only get a table in the main room, but also you'll be surrounded by people who know the customs of beer hall songs and toasts.  Without this unpredictable element (if you're not bringing your own with you), your time at the Hofbrauhaus can easily fall short of mine.  

Expect to pay indulgence prices; you'll be lucky to get out under $85 per person with beer and dessert.
Except for the obviously American waitstaff, the Las Vegas Hofbrauhaus reminds me of its sister restaurant in Munich. Excellent food here, authentic Bavarian specialties and authentic bavarian beer. A must visit during every Vegas trip.  Live music on most nights, featuring a fun oompa band that usually knows a good amount of cheesy Schlager favorites.  Drinking games, songs, and communal seating makes this a great time.
Who would have thought you could find a real German Beirgarten in Las Vegas?

If you are looking for a relaxed, intamate dinner, this is not the place to go. However, if you want to drink litres of bier on a long table with friends and strangers eating delicious German food and singing along with live Oompah bands, this IS the place.

This place is a party, it is impossible not to have fun here. Rather than seat patrons on individual tables for each party, guests of Hofbrauhaus are seated on a long wooden tables; per biergarten tradition. The food is amazing, great schnitzel and potato salad. Lots of heavy strong German beer, served by the litre. They also have a full bar if that's your thing. They have live music with lots of audience participation. On a good night you'll have girls dancing on tables, fat guys blowing in alphorns, and drunks making loud, joyous merryment. A must for any Las Vegas trip!
The most authentic German bierhaus and biergarten I've come across in the nation.  The company I used to work for would always put together at least one night here during CES, so I have been here on numerous occasions.

Good German food with nice portions...as authentic as it gets (for Vegas).  Strong drink and heavy drinking clientele complete with friendly "beer wenches" who keep bringing you more.  Friendly and very lively crowd gets louder, drunker, and wilder as the evening goes on.  Nowhere else in the nation have I seen so many drunken customers dancing on tabletops.  Yikes...other lesser restaurants would be terrified of the liability, but not here in this authentically genuine Bavarian beer hall.  Pretty cool and always a fun time to be had while drinking, eating, and watching all that is going on around you.  And watch out for those paddles that they spank customers with!
ACHTUNG: the way this country is quickly lapsing into the Weimar Republic and with the depreciation of the dollar, I swear that the litres of beer at the Hofbrauhaus are CHEAPER than the ones served at the real Oktoberfest.

As a two-time veteran of the real Oktoberfest, the Hofbrauhaus in Las Vegas does its best to mirror a traditional Bavarian beer tent, and it almost succeeds - we have to remember we are in America and no matter how hard we try, we can't get as wild as our European cousins without shanking someone and the SWAT team is called in - aside from that, the polka band is great, the stein-holding contests are a hoot, and there are people standing on the wooden benches.  The crowd is fun, lively, and LOUD - another staple of Oktoberfest. 

The menu here is almost identical to the ones in Germany, though I don't recall seeing pig's knuckles.  The servers are dressed in traditional costume, complete with tightly-corseted boobies spilling out for your viewing pleasure.  There is the expected portrait of King Ludwig II on the wall, and there is Lederhosen, naturally.  A nice touch was the band playing the Star Spangled Banner - which I think was an old British drinking song before F. Scott Fitzgerald's ancestor changed some of the words around. 

I got the jagerschnitzel, which was excellent, though I will say the Spatzle was a bit blah - the kind I had in Regensburg at the Goldene Ente was the best (yeah, I'm a snob and a name dropper, what of it!)

Also, the steins for sale here in the gift shop are also cheaper than the ones offered up in Germany.  If Lufthansa is not your airline of choice, head over to Vegas - it's ALMOST the same, and you will have a good time.
Holy smokes this place is FUN!  A friend introduced us to this off the strip bavarian beer house. We went on a wednesday night and it wasn't crowded. I'm not a huge fan of Bavarian food but it's def authentic and good portions.  Make sure to order the after dinner schnapps. Those beer wenches will make sure the paddles are put to good use.
Bring your cameras and get ready to drink some beer!
Been to the original in Munich and I must say the L.V. one is not as energetic and loud, however sin city is much closer to me than Munich so a must every time in Vegas. Even though the place is about 1 mile east of the L.V. strip this place never disappoints, lunch or dinner, there is never a dull moment people are always drinking from their steins and having a good ol' jolly time as if it were in Munich, Germany.
Meetup at #CES w/@Urbanspoon @HofbrauhausLV  http://twitpic.com/xfll3 

This was my 1st time here but I've heard alot of good things about it  especially Oktoberfest!!

I haven't been here before because  I'm not real familiar with german/bavarian food..I mean I love their chocolate cake BUT I know nothing else they make

This place is mistakenly believed to be a German establishment but their website & twitter say its a Bavarian/German Hybrid.  What the difference is you'll have to Wikipedia that sh#*.

The meetup was scheduled to be from 11-12 and of course I showed up a little late so I wouldn't be the 1st one BUT not only was I the 1st one.

The restaurant has a gift shop when you enter then a large beer hall with wood tables and benches with arched painted ceilings a stage for the band and all the staff dressed in authentic garb. Ever a Beer Wench:)

The folks from @Urbanspoon were quite gracious and provided a spread of pretzels and sausages to eat. The pretzels has sweet or spicy mustard and a pimento-like spread to dip.

The assortment of brats and sausages was NOT on the menu so we got to try alot of different ones.

The food was good I liked the pretzel & the meat was good but nothing really jumped out at me. Definitely not a fan of Vienna sausage.

Looking at the menu they have more than sausages. Also pork,chicken a few steaks and of course Black Forest Chocolate Cake:) 

Prices are under $20 an entree.
I joined up a big group of people and this place was AMAZING!

There is a crazy live German band playing all the hits. The beer flows like water in liter Steins. The food is great too!

You can dance on the tables whenever you feel like it, fly paper planes, take pictures, song out loud and just generally make an ass out of yourself but it's all good though!

This place isnt cheap though. So bring friends with money.
I loved the Beer.. the atmosphere is a cool vibe and the LIVE German Band was a n ice touch and really gives a good feel. I wasn't impressed by the food, though you are not meant to be impressed by pretzels and sausages. 3 Stars, becuase I LOVE the beer.. 3 star only, becuase they are very pricey beers. Imports. $$, You know. Great for a group of friends hanging out and having a good time.
Where to begin?

The food is very good, all of it German/Bavarian sounding, looking, and tasting. At least I thought so, but the two real Germans (what! Germans in Vegas? kidding) sitting next to us said it wasn't like at home. (They didn't say that it was not as good, just not the same. Ha ha!) Yes, sitting next to us, because seating is beer hall style, at long tables, next to whoever you get planted next to. So if you don't have a big group, your are going to make some new friends.

So what he heck did those two Germans know, anyways? Well, more than me. Besides the food thing, then knew the words to the songs better than I did. At one point the band ... yes you could have guessed it, three guys in leiderhosen ... struck up the national anthem ... we all rose, put our hands over our hearts, and sang ... well the two Germans didn't but hey, it's not their anthem, right? Right after the anthem the band charged straight into John Denver, Johnny Cash, The Monkeys, and Neil Diamond I think. Everyone just kept singing, whether because of the mood or the beer or cause everyone else was. And that's where the two Germans put us to shame because they knew the words better.

The beer is good. And it comes in liter steins. Nuf said.

At to top it off, there's a beautiful blond walking around serving up Jägermeister shots and spankings with a large wooden paddle. (Just to be clear, the paddle was for the spankings ... the shots came from what looked like test tubes.) I don't know if this is a Bavarian thing or a Vegas thing (probably the latter), but it sure got the attention of the spectators and the participants (especially the latter).

Go there!
Is it a schtick..?  There's an oompah band...but they are genuinely having fun!  There are pretty waitresses dressed in flowing blue ruffles...and they're nice!  The beer comes in gigantic 1-liter steins...yet it's pretty dang good!

Definitely go to the Hofbräuhaus with a group.  Experience it to the fullest: dance, sing, finally put that high school German to use!  And stay for the cowbells!  I would recommend downing a few gut biers ahead of time, though, as each stein-full will set you back as any drink does in Vegas.

The food was pleasantly awesome.  Maybe with those big community tables, I was just Jonesing for some Viking food.  But I ordered the Grillhendl.  This massive half-chicken filled me up after I'd gone most of the day without food.  It was basted with butter and herbs beneath a  crispy brown skin.  On the side: they offer a potato salad that is the best I've ever paid for.

You'll walk out of Hofbräuhaus feeling like Beowulf.
This is easily my favorite place in Vegas, especially to go with a group of friends. It's a must do. Giant tables filled with happy people singing, dancing on tables, pounding beers by the liter. The host is fun and does a great job getting the crowd riled up with stein-holding and liter-pounding competitions. If you're celebrating a birthday, he'll bring the person to the front stage while the band plays the birthday song and gets the whole crowd to sing along. So fun!

It's a great pre-party destination to get some hearty food and kick start a good party vibe for the night. Plus, they close at like midnight, so you can't stay too late. I recommend arriving around 8pm (make reservations to guarantee a table) and expect to stay at least 2 hours.
If you head to this German inspired joint just beware everything comes in big proportions. 
It's all about the beer drinking, Bavarian 'ambiance'.
I didn't know what it was all about, wanted to try a new place and ended up here.
I was just looking for a nice meal in a lively environment.

This place is better suited for a group of friends ready to party or a group of bachelors.

With that said, I didn't enjoy my experience. My chicken salad was plain and over-priced.

I would come back when I'm ready for a night-out, a night of heavy dirnking....Definitely, not for the food.
To put it simply, if you want to go out drinking with friends for a celebration or something, there's no finer place than this.

Unfortunately, I don't drink, so I was very much sober and aware of what shortcomings the place had. 

Drunk or not, there is no denying that this is a fun atmosphere. You won't see anyone at this place not having a good time. Food is surprisingly good, too. All right, I got that out of the way. Don't expect to be able to hold a conversation with all the noise going on, though.

Sadly, it ends there. First and foremost, the service is TERRIBLE. The servers only visit your table every once in a while. Granted, the place usually IS busy, but why not just hire more staff? They clearly are understaffed to accommodate the numbers of people they get in there.

On top of that, the staff are RUDE. The woman waiting on us last time (I believe her name was Maria) WOULD NOT LET ME ORDER OFF OF THE KIDS MENU. She gave me a rude, blank look and just bluntly said I couldn't. I've been to countless restaurants, fast-food and dine-in alike, and this is the only time this has ever happened. I can't always eat the full amount of food in an entree, and this is completely unforgivable that we would receive this kind of treatment. When I come into a place and my party spends $600+, I not only expect no disputes like this, I expect my ass to be kissed. 

And if that remark in the last paragraph didn't already tell you, it's EXPENSIVE. Granted, my party consumed a LOT of alcohol, but ANY other place would have been cheaper than this for a similar purpose.

If you want to go out and have a drunken, fun evening with friends, this is the place for you - go for it. Just be prepared to deal with high prices and rude staff that think of themselves more as party planners than servers.

Food: C-
Service: D-
Atmosphere: D+
This is such a fun place to be. Definitely bring your friends -- the more the merrier and also the servings are large which are perfect to share.

My group of 7 didn't have reservations and we were hungry, so instead of waiting for an hour for a table in the main dining room (which featured a Germain band, dining on long communal tables/benches, occasional entertainment involving the diners, and of course lots of rowdy people enjoying their liters of beer) we were seated in the biergarten, which is nice round room with a fountain in the middle and a domed ceiling which looked like the sky.  we could hear the music in the biergarten and we could watch the band via closed circuit TV on large flat screens.

The waitresses were very nice, polite and cute and I love their accents.

The food was good and hearty (love the saurkraut), and their desserts were excellent (especially their bread pudding which is even better than the apple streusels).
It was a great fun experience.
Holy schnitzel!!! I grew up in Stuttgart & Neu Ulm Germany...military brat...and I had been jonesing for German food that I didn't have to cook. 

The second I stepped in to the Hofbrauhaus the polka band smacked me in the face, then I got a whiff of the food...ooo wee. The serving fraulein asked what I wanted to drink...HA! BIER!!! 1L bier! 

We had such a blast. The atmosphere, the food, the band...crazy awesome!
LOVE this place! The atmosphere is fun...it's like Oktoberfest any time of the year. We ate at Hofbrauhaus in Cincinnati and had a blast, so when we saw one in Vegas, we had to try it. 

We stopped by for lunch. I had the Munchner Schweinerbraten (pork roast). The flavor was wonderful. Slow roasted comfort food at its finest. My only complaint was that the roast was a bit too fatty. The sauerkraut was spectacular! It had the right balance of sour...I hate sauerkraut that makes me pucker! I washed it all down with Hofbrau original beer (yummy). 

If you happen to be in Vegas and are looking for a good restaurant off the strip, think about trying Hofbrauhaus. If you go for dinner, they most likely will have a German band which only makes the experience more fun. I recommend this place. The food will not disappoint.
Hunter S. Thompson once wrote that Circus Circus is what the whole he world would be doing Saturday nights if the Nazis had won the war. 

I disagree with that wise man on this issue as I not only think, but I know that if zee Germans had won zee war, we'd all be going to places like Hofbrauhaus on a Friday, Saturday and Sunday night. and you know what? I'm fine with that.

Well, I guess not the whole "master race" stuff, but really, more areas should have a Hofbrauhaus in their backyard as there is seriously some good times to be had in what I'm happy to say is a complete sausage fest! 

You would have to be a complete dummkopf to not have a lot of fun here. 

This sort of establishment, atmosphere and general wildness can really only be found during Oktoberfest in most places. So to have this go on nightly in the Vegas Hofbrauhaus.. that's something special. 

Then you have Das Boot! Yes, DAS BOOT! Because really, if you even know a little bit of German, you'd realize that everything needs to be said in a very stern and loud voice or you're not speaking the language correctly. Though you don't need to speak anything but drunk here.. And Das Boot will help. 

If you've seen the film Beerfest, this place has a Das Boot glass that you can chug down your booze in. Just remember to twist it at the end or you'll have a full load of beer coming at you. It is a little pricey if you're going for the glass one, but if you just want Das Boot, they have a plastic one. 

As for the food.. It's DELICIOUS! Not to mention very large when it comes to portion sizes. Now I'm not that much of a sauerkraut fan, but I ate the whole damn plate of it when it was in front of me. Though, perhaps that was also to soak up some of the copious amounts of alcohol that I drank while listening to the band play. 

I'm sure the house band cycles through songs every two hours. Either that or I just got really really German in my time here and felt like I knew the songs by heart. Those two semesters in PCC couldn't have taught me that much, could they?

Now they only have two beers here and two beers only. But the lack of selection  is made up by the massive amount of booze. and really, when trying to polish off a huge plate of frankfurters and kraut, who wouldn't want a good pilsener? Just don't forget your Lederhosen

For those seeking an even bigger kink, order the shots! A fraulein comes out with them on a paddle so you and a couple of friends can swing them down. Then said Frau bends you over and gives you a whack with the wooden paddle, Mit Vergnügen!!!! And who wouldn't want to get spanked with the same paddle that your shots were brought out on? Ich weiss nicht?

If visiting the Vegas area or you're a local and haven't come already, make sure you suggest it to your group, NEIN! Insist that you go at once! 

OANS, ZWOA, G'SUFFA!
Man what a time!  Fun atmosphere. Fun oompa band. I had roast pork with gravy, potato dumplings (huge!), veggies and an incredible red cabbage. Perfect taste. Just what I was looking for. We stayed and watched the band for some time, very entertaining. The beers looked wonderful. I was told that it is very crisp and not heavy. Next time! My only complaint was the price.
What a fun atmosphere filled with great music!  

We ended up at this place with a party of 20+ folks to drink.  I, of course, ate!  I did order myself a 0.5 liter of their wheat beer (Hofbräu Hefe Weizen), which was pretty good.  My coworkers mainly ordered liters of their Hofbräu Lager.  The rest of the party ordered boots of beer (like in the movie Beerfest).  Oh boy!

I also ordered their Bierkutscher (Beer Truckers) Steak, which was pretty good.  It's a 10 oz Rib Eye (which of course, I ordered medium rare).  However, the sauce on top of the steak was super salty... but my coworkers say that German food in general is pretty salty.  Boo.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cJWbbvGmyhFiBpG_5hf5LA?select=KlRDD0FriZgzrPdJiGQUQA

Coworkers ordered their pretzels and potato pancakes to munch on as appetizers.  Pretzels were pretty ordinary, but I liked their potato pancakes.  It wasn't greasy and came with apple sauce.  YUM.

Definitely a good place to come to with a bunch of guys to hang out.  It's really entertaining to watch the guys get wacked by paddles from the waitresses (which happens whenever they order a shot).  Woot.  Great memories!
I had such a great time here! My German friend said this place is pretty awesome so I had to check it out during my last trip to Vegas. It is off the strip so you will be in need of transportation to the restaurant. We all hoped in a limo and headed that way. It's right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel so if you're staying there you can just walk. 

We had reservations for 12 but they wouldn't seat us until the whole party arrived. We were missing four. I kinda hate this rule. I feel they should accommodate you. But no sweat we just got some delicious German beer at the bar while we waited. It really was delicious, freaking delicious! I had the German hefeweizen and didn't need to try anything else. When we were seated the main dining room was very cool. I kind of felt like I was in Disneyland. It exuded Bavarian in every way from the decor to the wait staff. We had an actual German waitress, accent and all. My German friend was there so he authenticated her Germaness by speaking to her in German. 

There was fantastic live music and they even played the chicken dance which got everybody standing on their seats (bench) and started doing the chicken dance. Great times. It was also my sisters birthday and I heard that if you buy a shot of Jagermeister they waitress comes out with the shot and a large wooden paddle to swat your ass for being so naughty. They don't go easy on you either. We heard some echoing smacks throughout the night and a few screams to go with them. 

This place is awesome, the food is very good and authentic. Loved it. But the main draw is the entertainment factor. The live band in their lederhosen playing accordions and people literally dancing on their tables and yelling cheers of "oie oie oie!" What a great place this is. The great beer keeps everybody well lubed and keeps it fun. Wouldn't bring the kiddies though.
I. Am. A. Fan. This place is so much fun! The friends I was with had all been to the Hofbrauhaus before, so I was the only one who didn't know what to expect. We made a reservation for 8:30 on a saturday and walked right in when we arrived.

The first thing you notice is the HIIIIIGH ceilings and how loud it is. If you are looking for a quiet place to eat, skip this place or sit in the room in the back which is much quieter, but you can still hear the music. Next time I go, I'd like to sit back there because it is made to look and feel like an outdoor garden seating area and it looked just lovely.

But this time we sat in the front room. The band played a mix of fun german singalong songs and american rock. They even played the  Star Spangled Banner and one point and everyone was singing. Very cool.

The prices were reasonable for a Vegas dinner. A friend and I split a sandwhich which was around $16 and the beer I had was $7.50. The more elaborate meals and larger beers are a bit more money, so plan on about a $30 meal.

Anyplace that let's me stand on the chairs (bench) to see the stage is OK by me!
Best Place ever in Vegas! I went there for the first time in Spring and was loving it. The people in the place are super friendly, that you can't help but smile the whole time you're in there. The food was good, but the beer was even better. We ended up sitting with a group of strangers that were super friendly and had the best time. The music is fun too since its the usual instruments you would find during Oktoberfest. At times they have contests in which you can participate in. And the best part is the shots they serve. Goes down very smooth and mixes well with the beer. I recommend going there for a party and celebrating as much as you can!
As soon as I walked in, I felt happy and at home. The atmosphere, the music, the beer, and the food were all "sehr gut"! A really fun time in Las Vegas. I recommend the Jager Schnitzel! And some Jager!
i LOVE this place. Its a bit pricey, but I try to make it every time I'm in vegas. The best nights to go are on a friday or saturday and it really is an authentic german drinking hall. I've been to one in Munic and I really can say this place was like a smaller replica. Seating is similar to that of lunch halls/cafeterias.

The beers are delicious, bigger than my head too. This place is very interactive. They have a live band, servers passing around shots and drinking beers. The pretzels are AMAZING here, but beware. They offer them to you, but they are not free! 

Food isn't bad. I always go for the pig knuckle. And those potatoe balls. I dream about potatoe balls everytime I come here. 

There's a host also. He's very funny. He pulled me and my girlfriend up on stage sat me on her lap. He then continuted to um.. blow into a giant 10 ft horn, whilst the other end rest at my crotch. It was pretty hilarious. He put the mic in my boobs also, but considering my bosom isn't plentiful I just had to hold it. Then all my girlfriends got to come up and play with the tamborines.

The only shocker of the night was when we got our check. I don't know how we ate and drank so much, but dammit we were drunk and we had a blast!
5 Stars, this place is a pure masterclass of beer perfection.  It's in Las Vegas and serves as the sister of the infamous Bavarian beer hall (which I have visited on three separate trips).

The main detractor for this place would have to be the prices for the beer which can get pricey if you have a high tolerance or are just extremely thirsty.  I haven't eaten at this particular branch of the Hofbrau but I'm sure the food is tasty and includes an array of German favorites including bratwurst and pretzels.  They have three signature beers which are served on tap-Original, which is a golden lager, Dunkel, which is a dark hoppy beer and a Hefeweizen.  I have had the original and dunkel time and time again, and they never fail to amaze me.

If you enjoy your beer and like a good old fashioned merry German atmosphere then this is definitely a must for your next Vegas trip.  Also the beers are served in liter plus Mass glasses which make the experience all the more enjoyable.  They usually have live German music with guys dressed in traditional outfits and the frauleins look the part too.  Check it out and prepare to drink beer.
We went here for dinner and it was not exactly what we expected.  It was so loud in the main dining room, we ended up staying at the bar and eating there, which was nice because you got to see/hear all of the action without having to deal with the crazy quality of it.

The food was OK.  I was a little startled by the $13 pretzel (that is not a typo), which came with 3 dips (2 mustards, 1 cheese).  We then tried the jagerschnitzel, which I personally make at home.  The food came up so quickly, you know it was sitting back there already made.  While it was tasty, a piece of pork and some homemade noodles did not seem to be worth $19.

We ended up spending a lot of money for very little food or drink.  It was rather disappointing, I doubt I would go back.
Beer, pretzels, bratwurst and plenty of pork dishes.  Is there any better combination on the face of the earth?
I guess this place is fun if you have a bottomless wallet.  The beer was good, the environment was nice, but the food was mediocre and everything was inexcusably overpriced.  $13 for a soft pretzel.  The total bill for my friend and I (1 beer each, 1 entree, the aforementioned pretzel) was $125 with tip.  The meal was not even overly filling.  Definitely would not go back... much better places for much less money all over the strip.
Having been fortunate enough to have eaten at the original in Munich, I was super fucking excited to try this U.S. version of it. 
We were seated promptly in their dinning/beer hall that looks pretty close to the original, just a bit smaller. 
Hearing the live German band playing traditional drinking songs inspired us all to order the Liters of their original beer. I was super glad to read that they follow the German beer laws in this joint too. 
In Germany it is against the law to add preservatives or sugar to the beer, which means you can drink all the liters you want and feel great the next morning. 

I was a bit disappointed that they were not serving the Pork Knuckle ( pork shoulder on the bone) because I had a hard on for the dish in Munich. Yet, the fact that they do serve it on other nights made me feel OK with it. Obviously I have to come back on my next visit to this crazy city. 
After going over the mouthwatering menu a couple times, my eyes locked in on the Schnitzel (spelling?). A fried slab of pork smothered in a fucking awesome brown gravey, mashed potatoes and some veggies. Just enough to fill you up but not to the point of vomiting. 
After a few more liters it was time to head back to the strip. 
No doubt in my mind I will be back on my next trip for that pork knuckle, and the shirt I was to drunk to remember to buy!
The Skinny: texturally offensive cafeteria food that had probably sat in a chafing dish all day (1), low cut, faux-German, dairy maid costumes does not constitute service unless you are at a strip club (2), overall value can only be justified if you've had way too much to drink (1).

Hofbrauhaus is a Disneyworld-esque German-styled building close to Hard Rock Hotel. I wanted to try this place out for a while because of the charming facade outside.

We decided to head there to eat because it was in my head that it would be like a mini-trip to a sanitized Germany without the pricetag. 

When we entered, the place has the tired ambience of a hangover  complete with the loud, cacophony of a bad German folk band. Nobody was singing along with music, dancing or laughing... just downing a bunch of beer one after another.

Our waitress came by and took our orders dressed to... err... impress. She soon lost interest in our table however when we told her we weren't interested in alcohol. Ordered a Diet Coke/Pepsi which was not only flat but also tasted like there was some root beer mixed in there too.

I ordered the Sauerbraten which is supposed to be a roast pork dish with dumplings, vegetables and red wine sauce with red cabbage. We were surprised at how quickly the food came out of the kitchen. After we tasted our food , we knew why.

The food obviously was sitting under a heat lamp for way too long. Someone tried to disguise overly dry, salty pork with an overabundance of a lumpy, thick, red wine gravy. The dumplings were large, gummy and unappetizing. Vegetables were overcooked. The only thing that was okay on the dish was the stewed red cabbage.

My husband's schnitzel was dry and soggy. The gravy, it was swimming in, was bland. The potato salad was unpleasant, sour and overly warm.

This place is not cheap - a typical entree can be around the $20 mark - yet they do not provide you any value for your dollar given the quality of the ambience, service and food.
I am a big fan of the Hofbrauhaus. Maybe it's the beer, maybe it's the live music, or maybe it's the atmosphere. Who knows? I must be all three, right?

OK. ALWAYS get the Jumbo Complete. Don't pass it up. It's basically a large pretzel with cheese and mustard. Great appetizer, but sometimes I need more than one.

Have a good time, swing your glasses and dance all you like.
Some colleagues and I visited this location of the Hofbrauhaus on a business trip to Las Vegas. We'd previously visited the location in Newport, KY.

This location was not as good as the Newport version. The beer is not brewed on the premises, and the variety was severely limited (no Maibock!). In fact, there were only two options: dark and light.

The waitress was not able to describe the beer adequately either.

It's not that the beer wasn't bad -- it was very tasty and a good alternative compared to casino offerings -- I was just looking forward to a bock or something else.

The food was also a little disappointing compared to Newport. I didn't order the same item as I had previously, but something about it didn't sing. But it was good nonetheless.

I left full and content.

If you're a German beer/food lover in Vegas, you'd do well to visit this location of the Hofbrauhaus. Just make sure you hit up their location in Newport at some point as well for a better experience.
probably was the highlight of the trip to vegas for us, mostly for its amazing stab at authenticity. but that's vegas... yes, even more touristy than the munich version, but the beer and sausage is straight from bavaria.
We came here to watch the US in the World Cup :(  It was a perfect place for this.  The beer options are limited (light or dark), but the beer is good.  We split a meal (Hähnchen), mostly to help absorb some of the beer.  I love spätzel, so this was perfect.  Don't come here expecting a gourmet meal, or you will be unhappy.  It has a great atmosphere and good (vaguely authentic) German food and beer.
Again, it's just not the same (read my review on Carnegie Deli in Las Vegas). I've been to the real one, and hoped that this one would compare. And well...

Let me just say that in the real Hofbrauhaus, I could order pig's knuckle (which sounds pretty grim, but trust me.... it's the best of pulled pork and chicharones). Their beers were flowing like none other except in Munich. I couldn't understand a word of what was going on around me but that added to the festivity.

Here, I had to settle for their sampler (combination plate?) of a sausage, and some cuts of meat. It was good, but not terrific. It was overpriced too...

Their beer was ok... I tried the Maibock when I went. Again, it was good, but still missing something. The atmosphere was good. It was relatively empty since I went during lunch. Their performer was really entertaining. He really saved the entire meal. (I bet the dinner atmosphere is a lot more entertaining when everyone is drunk off their asses).

Then somewhere along the course of my lunch it hit me--I'm not in Munich. It's another one of Vegas' facades. Like the Eiffel Tower at Paris compared to the real one, or New York New York to the real Big Apple, I can't keep making these comparisons to their real brethren.

So I sat back, enjoyed my meal for what it was (though still only 2 stars), and drank to remember and to forget.
I'm so fascinated with other people's cultures and foods, I forget to occasionally get back to my own roots.  I'm part German, and I can't think of a better way to celebrate that than a visit to Hofbrauhaus.

The food is very rich and filling.  Everything is amazingly tasty, so don't be afraid to order something random off the menu.  The portions are big, but be prepared to be even more full than you think.  This is because you will be drinking at least a liter of dark (or light) German beer.

Every time I've visited Hofbrauhaus, there has been some authentic German beer hall entertainment.  Along with a band, a dude in lederhosen will be cruising around and keeping the party going.  Last time I was there, the band made their way around the restaurant with their instruments, and one of the guys hopped up on a table and played spoons like nobody's business.

If you're so inclined, a girl will come around and offer shots of Jager (or you can order them from your waitress).  The waitress will bring the shots out on a serving board, which doubles as a paddle.  After taking your shot, it's customary to get spanked with the paddle.  Here's a video of my spanking.  Watch out for this waitress..  She hits HARD:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAjl_-cnE2s

Hofbrauhaus is a lot of fun, especially when going with a group.  The party atmosphere is also conducive to merging your group with others.  It's not hard to make new friends at Hofbrauhaus.  Everyone is always happy and having a great time!

Ziggi zaggi ziggi zaggi hoi hoi hoi!
I've been to this Hofbrauhaus before, but its been several years. We will be going out to Vegas soon and this location is one of my favorites -- especially since my Mom's side of the family is from Germany. :)

Update to come later!
Once upon a time in a far away land there lived a boy that could celebrate Octoberfest no more than one month a year.  He would order seconds and thirds of his favorite schnitzel and bratwurst dishes, fill his gullet with authentic German bier till he couldn't walk and toast the night away with good friends as the polka band would play his favorite drinking songs.  He would wake up the next morning with a pounding in his head, his voice gone from singing at the top of his lungs and sounds of accordions and tubas resonating in his ears.  Just to do it all over again night after night until the festival was no more.  He would have to wait another long and uneventful eleven months until the magic would return. Until now.

The moment you walk through the door you can't help but smile and think to yourself,"It's party time" or in my case,"lets get Fing Fed up".  The band is rocking, or as much as a polka band could rock, the crowd is rowdy, and I mean dancing on top of tables rowdy and bent over getting spankings from jager girls rowdy. The waitresses have German accents, and I mean real accents, not BS fake medieval times accents. 

Waiter: "Would me lord wisheth more ale"
Me:"Cut the crap Sir D Bag and get me a beer." 

I also love how this place forces you to socialize.  You can't ask for a table for two and expect a quite romantic dinner.  Your seated at large picnic style benches perfect for standing and splashing beer on.  

OK so now on to the food.  The dinners are not too pricey the couple times I have been I have spent about $16 a plate.  I usually get the Nurnberger Rostbratwurstl it consist of 3 pork sausages with sauerkraut, mash potatoes and gravy.  Dudes, believe me when I tell you, this stuff is absolutely amazing.  If you're only experience with bratwurst is something you get out of a package from your local piggly wiggly, forget everything you thought you knew and get ready for the pork epiphany.  Every bite you take will open new doors of flavor and flavor combinations.  If your anything like me and like to drink as much as you like to eat you will actually end up spending more money on beer than you will on food.  Last time I was there I had 3 liters of beer, one of the dunkelweizen, one of the hefeweizen and one pilsner.  The dunkel was my absolute favorite out of the three.  So all in all if your looking for a place to get rowdy, dance on top of the tables, take shots of jager, get spanking from jager girls as well as get a top notch meal in the mean time look no further.
ATTENTION YELPERS: YES, THIS IS A MUST GO TO!!!!!!

On our first day in Vegas on our way to the hotel, we passed the Hofbrauhaus.  My friend, who had been to the one in Munich, got all excited saying we HAD to go.

So we end up going and it was such a good time.  The live music is great, and so is the other entertainment they have going.  There is a ladies drinking contest (which I totally rocked out) and for the burly men, a contest where you have to hold a beer out at arms length for the longest.  You are also bound to make friends with the people who are sitting at the other end of the table.

The Jagermeister Mistress will walk around and offer shots - and spanks with a paddle, which is good entertainment, and my dream job ;-)

This place was a lot, lot, lot of fun and makes me glad I'm from the east coast so I can check out the one in Pittsburgh. (Pittsburgh.... REALLY?!)
RAISE YOUR STEIN. No, really work out a little before you come so you can raise your stein! I had a party of 15 and we all had a great time. The service was good, the entertainment was WAY to loud, and we raised our steins about 15 times during the course of dinner. 
The cheese appetizer was good, but could have done without the tower of sausage (or whatever they called it) - too expensive for what you get - better off just ordering dinner plate to share with the table! 
This is a great place for a birthday or celebration, chances are someone at your table will make an ass out of themselves. 
All the food was good, and cooked just right.
Yum. That is all I can say.

We went to the Hofbrauhaus for dinner on Friday night and let me just tell you that it was good. Very good. I've eaten at this location and also the one in Newport, KY. When we first arrived, the waitress took our order and was very pleasant. It didnt take long for them to bring our food to us.

My husband and I both ordered the Jagerschnitzel. Gooooood. It was a pork cutlet with a mushroom sauce, bacon, onion, and cranberries served along with Spatzle, which is a German noodle. There was enough food there to fill you up, but not to get you 'over stuffed' and miserable. I wish we would of gotten the pretzels as an appetizer, but given the food that we ate, it was enough for the both of us.
While the food is authentic it's not the reason to come here. The selling point is the beer and shenanigans that happen after dark. Games, music and all around tom foolery is the name of this place. A good time is had for all!
I really think this is a great place for a REALLY REALLY REALLY fun and LOUD time. I personally was getting annoyed at the fact that I couldnt even hear the person sitting right next to me... and she was yelling right into my ear. It gets that loud in here. 

But I have to say... IT'S A WHOLE LOT OF FUN. If you are looking for just LOUD OBNOXIOUS FUN... COME HERE. The staff is really entertaining and very interactive. The lady servers def. mess around with the men alot here. 

The sausages were ok, but I am not really a sausage fan or connoisseur.  I really like their LARGE LARGE beers. Come here hungry and thirsty. They will feed you and drink you under the table. 

P.S. Dont try to come here wearing your sunday best. Beers and food tend to find their way on your clothes or on your shoes.
So 12 years I'm in Vegas and I have managed to avoid the Hofbrauhaus! No particular reason really but it always seemed like such a tourist trap. Well last night that streak ended. I had some friends in from out of town and with a little convincing, off we went. Loud music...check! Girls in fake German garb...check! $14 oversized and overpriced German beer...check! 
I must say that even with all that I still had a nice time. The food was pretty decent and the people who worked there were nice. We had a shot girl come by and paddle our behinds (very hard) which added to the memory and the pain. 
While I am not in a hurry to go back, I guess if you are looking for German food in a beer garden atmosphere, you could probably do worse. Let's face it also, there is no other choice within a few hundred miles :-)
Oy oy oy!!!
We didn't eat here, though what we saw of the food looked great, big platters of schnitzel, sausages, cutlets with lots of sauces, onions, Spatzle and bacon.

We came for the beer ... the same beer served in the Hofbrauhaus in Munich: Hofbrau Original, Dunkel, Hefe Weizen, Maibock and Oktoberfestbier.  They are all delicious and available in 0.5 and 1.0 litre steins.

Be warned ... this is one loud and boozy experience, and a sometimes surreal loud and boozy experience.  Country and Western Oom Pah Pah music, the inane birthday ritual, the hammond organ and the really had too much beer patrons.  This is not a Las Vegas ultra-lounge night out, but if you get into the spirit of it, it's a gut bustingly good night out with a group of friends.
If you have been to the original then you can appreciate this establishment as well. It should jog the fond memories you had when you were with your college friends or other loved ones sharing a pint in a country afar. 

If however you have never been to the original I am not sure you can appreciate it...thus just enjoy the beer and eat somewhere else. 

The food is OK, it's typical german fare which means not much taste and prob not worth the price.
Awesome! 

The drummer of the live band that was playing, got so drunk he fell off of his chair. 

"nuff said.
It was fun to go since I have been to the real one in Munich and the other fake one in Newport, KY.  The food was good and the dark beer was as I remembered it.  My waitress actually was fully fluent in German and her entire family was from Stuttgart, Munich and Frankfurt.......that helped.  Get the poached sausages, you can't go wrong!
Went for my birthday and received a harsh paddling from Brittany who is on every advertisement in Vegas. She was awesome and didn't mind us even though she had a rough night. Someone brought their kid in and sat right behind us and that might of been the fastest I ever seen someone put down a liter so they could promptly leave after hearing our conversations. My personal tip is get the plastic boot for 10 or 12 dollars fill it a few times and leave it behind.
Best German Food in Vegas. Loud, rowdy and tons of fun.
Love this place , it's just like the one in Munich that we visited last summer, make sure you be there on Sat for the famous pork knuckles .
Are beer, funny shorts, and spanking high on your priority list when it comes to choosing a place to have dinner?  If so, Hofbrauhaus is right up your alley.  Food isn't anything spectacular but the biergarten style seating, the plentiful amounts of beer, and a fun loving band keep this party moving.
So, after finding out that the place that I stayed at had a Bavarian restaurant next door I had to go; there was no question.  The restaurant stays close to its roots with a big dining hall full of long tables and giant 1L beer glasses.  Perfect for a good Bavaian experience.

In my opinion so far of Vegas... A lot of it seems to be for the show and not quite for the quality.  This is kinda one of them.  Sure everyone's in costume, there's  oompa band and all, but the food is merely MEH...

Instinctively, I ordered the sausage platter.  I figured I'd get a good taste of everything.  Plus, I added a order of spatzle on the side (CAUSE I LOVE SPATZLE!!!).  The first thing I noticed that everyone was pronouncing spatzle wrong (whatever...).

Anyways, my platter came with an assortment of sausages (2 vienna frankfurters, 1 chicken and 1 pork with a bunch of sauerkraut  and mash potatoes, mustard and hunter sauce.

After trying everything I came to one conclusion.  This is more about the show than it is about the food.  The vienna franks were terrible.  If you want to try them... go to Costco... they sell them there.  The only good sausage was the pork one.  And even then it was still "OK".  The sauerkraut was alright... but definately out of a jar that they bought in bulk.  It wasn't exactly the best sauerkraut I've had.  

The spatzle wasn't really made very well either.  I believe they just boiled it and strained it.  Good spatzle is pan fried after... (the best is in butter... MMMMMMMmmmm butter...).  This kinda had the consistency of soggy popcorn.  The flavour was alright (because it had herbs in it), but it would have been much better if it was pan fried afterwards.

The best thing really about this place is the atmosphere.  If you've never been to a bavarian beer/sausage house it's something that you have to experience (without actually having to go to an oktoberfest).  I mean it's not the same, but at least they try and give you the gist of it.  The weirdest thing was that no one knew the german drinking anthem and what to do; they really had to push it whenever they decided to "lift their steins".  That and the waitress's were forced to do the chicken dance everytime it came one.  OMG i felt so bad for the waitresses, as if they are made to dance everytime that song came one.  They were like chicken dance robots...

Definitely at least try this place if you haven't been to a bavarian beer/sausage house.  Personally I think even the one at EPCOT centre in Florida is better.  Order a giant beer and have a good time with your friends.  Don't expect the food to be amazing.  

PS. They actually sell the 2L Das Boot here... so if you're a collector like me... get one.  Then you can have Boot races...
I grew up on German/Austrian food being that my grandmother was from Austria.  Since she passed away, I've been trying to find a place that could provide me the food I've missed so much.  Thank you to the Hofbrauhaus for doing so.
I was like a kid in a candy store.  Actually, I felt like a child at Christmas.  We ordered the platter to share plus bread and potato dumplings.  The potato dumplings were almost as good as my grandma made.  (she sometimes put meat in the center of hers).  The gravy was perfect on top.  The roast beef and pork chop was just the way I love them.  I wasn't a big fan of the sausage, but it was still good.  
The live band sang a mix of Bavarian and American songs calling out for social drinks.  The people stood on the tables singing and drinking.  Others danced the polka.  It was just like Christmas. 
The only thing that was annoying was the servers' outfits.  Bavarian women do have other outfits where their cleavage doesn't hang out.
If you grew up in a family like mine, the food and the music will definitely make you feel at home.  If you are not familiar with this, you might think this restaurant a little goofy.
I have been here many times and always have a good time. Its a bit pricey for the food but your also getting entertainment as well!
The beer is good and you gotta love the Jagger girls selling shots with a paddle they will happily use on anyone needing a spanking.
We usually get the giant pretzel and some beers. I have tried some of the other items but I am not a fan of German food. Some of the sausage we tried were good tho.
Sit close to the band if you dare..they may even hook ya up with a free shot if you start singing and dancing on the table..but by then you wont need any more shots!
So lets start by saying that they serve beer the right way...by the liter. I am not a big fan of beer myself, however, I did enjoy my liter of dark beer. The staff is dressed in German Folk attire, and they look great, and lets not forget the live band. There is something to say about good old German Folk music it has a spring to it and makes the drink and food very exciting. They have a great menu featuring traditional German dishes, I strongly recommend the wiener schnitzel dish it doesn't cost to much and you get to taste the different flavors. The atmosphere is packed with excitement it is a place were you can bring the whole family.
Great food, great service and an amazing atmosphere. I was even spanked with a wooden paddle after taking shots. This is an experience as much as it is a restaurant. The beer here is excellent as are the giant pretzels. The entrees aren't going to blow you away but they're good enough and they give you plenty of food. There's actually a second part of the restaurant in the back called the beer garden if you don't want to be overwhelmed by the band and ruckus. At first we thought we were outside, but it's actually indoors. Very touristy but worth a visit.
My fiancé and I both agree that we will never visit again. Over priced, cheesy, and lacking in both authenticity and flavor. Don't order their radish appetizer. Just don't. The sausage tower was decent, but boring.

Who plays Margaritaville in a German establishment.?

We did enjoy ourselves though, we were drunk and drinking. Big mugs of beer. I think my biggest annoyance was that at the outside bar, they can't make a cocktail that's not on their menu, for a reasonable price- $5 per liquor involved per pour if you want something "obscure" e.g. a classic Sidecar.. And they don't even pour it, it's all measured out and done for them. Seems like the owners are a bit hard up. Where's the trust for their own employees?
This was the best meal I've ever eaten in my life. The food and beer are phenomenal. Everything is a little pricey, but well worth it. If you a fan of German food and beer, you will NOT be dissapointed!

I recommend:

The soft pretzel as an appetizer
A liter of beer
Pot roast
Stuffed chicken
$37 bar tab for 4 beers...really?  Ambiance is not very good. We never go past the beers..the menu is outrageously priced.   No Way.
This place went from fantastic to a total piece of crap!!   

Was in town on business, and tried to take some people there for dinner last night.  As we pulled up into the parking lot, we were greeted by the horrible sounds of a band trying to play Margaritaville (which actually sounded like a bad rendition of Karaoke).  But being that one guest had lived in Germany, he wanted to see the Hofbrauhaus.  

We were told by the hostess that it would be a 20 minute wait.  We asked for the "beer garden" area to get away from the music.  So we stood in the front bar area, chatted and watched some ESPN on the screens there.  After about 45 minutes, we grew impatient.  

I walked into the hall to go to the restroom.  As I did I noticed the back area / beer garden was maybe 1/4 occupied.  All kinds of tables were open!!  

I walked back to the front, and asked what the area was and the hostess said that is the beer garden.  When I asked about the number of open tables, she said - we dont have enough servers!!  (on a Thursday night before a weekend??)

We stayed for a bit, and then started to notice the staff's total lack of interest in customers, etc.  With this we left.
Been here three times now and I still love the place everytime. This is can't miss Vegas.
Bad service, our waitress kept pressuring us to buy trinkets from the gift shop, it got awkward. She even added that they were having a contest to see who could sell the most gifts, felt like she was begging. We also ordered from the dinner menu bc that was the menu they gave us and our server blamed us when our food took an extremely long time to come out. We hadn't even complained we just asked for refills on our sodas and she retorted with, "You ordered from the dinner menu!" Strange. The prices are too high and I'm not a cheapskate, 13 bucks for a pretzel, ouch. The food was decent, especially the pork roast, but we won't be returning. Glad we tried it before taking our family and friends.
Great large beers and good German food as expected.  Live music all the time and the other diners are good entertainment themselves.  Everyone sits on large tables family style and you get spanked with a paddle if you order a shot of Jeigermeister.  Great atmosphere and the beer and food are good also.
I know this place gets a bum wrap for their prices. This is the second time I have been and I wouldn't change it for the world. The other side of the beauty of my experience is that I have never had to pay a dime. Special events, this one was for the tattoo convention. Opening night party with tattoo royalty. It was awsome and then they put free food and booze into the mix, what more can a guy ask for. The sausage and the meatbals were pretty darn good, ad the dunkel beer was fantastic.
So much fun and sooooooo many fishbowls full of beer.
Thanks Mario Barth
If you're in Vegas and want German food, this place does a pretty good job.  

Went here this past Wednesday night and the band was playing Oktoberfest type music so it was loud, fun and lively.  And then there was the Jaegermeister girl doling out shots and spankings (for a price of course)...that was entertaining to watch.

The hall itself was about 2/3 full so we had good service.  (The beer garden was closed.)

Family style seating.... we sat at a table with another couple but we had plenty of room to spread out and didn't feel like we were in each other's space.

The food was plentiful and typical German.... hearty and filling.  Good flavor and as I've not been to Germany I would have to assume not as good as the real thing but pretty darn close.

Saw that they have daily lunch specials for $10, so I'll go back since I know I'll come home with leftovers.
This place is A LOT of fun.  Food is good, but not great.  German's aren't exactly known for their innovative cuisine.  Beer is great.  The best part is the ambience and entertainment.  Family style/beer hall style seating.  Very lively and maybe a bit too loud for those with sensitive ears (I personally like it loud).  This place would be perfect for a large group of fun people.
Having lived in Germany for 7 years, I was hoping for a tasty nostalgic experience at Hofbrau. That's what i got, kind of. 

Food is decent but not great. For the price I was hoping for the best damn schnitzel in town. Didn't happen. I've had plates that tasted like they were ready for hours, sitting under heat lamps.

The beer is good but extremely expensive. I will admit there's something about holding the big liter stein that feels perfect. Just not for the price.

The staff has been somewhat unfriendly. I realize they get busy and the place gets packed. I've felt ignored and they have charged me for more than i ordered multiple times. They have however, got my order right every time. I find that impressive with the amount of customers.

Even with all this, I enjoy when they have live polka/German bands, beer games, and celebrity keg taps. It is the best place to go for the German experience in Vegas. 

If your willing to fork out the extra cash, this is a great place to drink some authentic German bier. I'd recommend stopping somewhere else for a couple local priced beverages first though.
I am so unhappy with my experience here at Hofbrauhas that I am sitting here posting my review in the restaurant as we speak.  

They get one star for the building and atmosphere.  

Our waitress was nice enough to start.  We ordered sodas with no ice and a couple minutes later she brings us out soda glasses that are half full.  No exaggeration at all.  We look at her and ask what's up and she explains that their system only pours so much soda per drink and with no ice it leaves the glass half full.  She then explains that you get two refills and we can use one of our refills to fill the glass.

What the hell?  Are you serious?

I have NEVER been to a restaurant with that policy.  This is a pretty pricy place so the fact they are cheap on soda is doubly strange.

And I wanted to substitute fries for the potato salad in my 18 dollar meal and she said no substitutions.

Also my dad asked the waitress what kind of German beverages that were available that were non alcoholic and the waitress got an attitude and laughed at him.  

I don't care if the food is good or not.  I don't care if the girls are dressed up like they are working Fantasyland at Disneyland.  For the price you pay for dinner here their policy on food and drinks suck here.  

I will not return.

:0)
Das boot!  Das boot!  (a.k.a. glass boot full of beer)

Hofbrauhaus is cheesy, it's a tourist trap, it's priced for out-of-towners (read: expensive).  That said, on a Friday night, it is one of the best places in town to go if you want an energetic crowd enjoying themselves and lots of good beer.  

No, it's not a perfectly authentic German beer hall (then again, the Paris casino is not a perfect replica of French culture).  It's an impersonation.  A frat-boyish impersonation of a German beer hall.  Diners are seated on wooden benches at communal tables and served lots of beer (in massive, heavy mugs or an uber-expensive glass boot).  The polka band plays at night and sparks congo lines, drunken feats of strength and constant sing-alongs.

As for the negative reviews, I will agree that the food is mediocre, consisting mostly of fried meats or some form of sausage.  The prices are at ridiculous "bilk the tourist" levels.  That's why such a fun place only ranks at three stars for me. 

But Hofbrauhaus isn't built to be a place you'd go on a regular basis.  It's built to throw a drunken party.  A party where you get intoxicated enough to forget how much you're paying.

If you go there, know what you're getting into.  It's loud.  Hella loud.  Fun loud.  Lose yourself loud.  And if you have a designated driver and no responsibilities in the morning, it's a great place to play tourist (i.e. bring a group for drunken antics and lose several years of emotional maturity).
Where else can get  weiner schnitzeled and paddled in las vegas?  Nowhere except at Hofbrauhaus!  By far, this was one of my favorite city experiences.  I ordered the chicken schnitzel, a giant beer and enjoyed the band sing a German version of YMCA.  It sorta made me want to visit the land of my ancestors.  I guess the closest I will get to the homeland is eating a family sized bag of black forrest gummy bears while watching law and order reruns and drinking a beer the size of a fat baby.
Came here once and it was alright.  I was a little plastered and it was late at night so there wasn't much of an atmosphere.  I have been told that it is pretty lively in October so I have to go there in October somehow.  

There are a few drawbacks to it. 

#1.  It's outside the strip, it's like right across from Hard Rock Hotel
(Do you see a growing theme of me making lists)
#2 If you don't have a car, I have to walk drunk all the way to the Hard Rock Hotel.
#3 I got spanked by a wooden panel at the Hofbrauhaus. 

Now that I have your attention again and away from me complaining about how far it is from the strip. Let me explain the spanking. 

Apparently one of my friends who has been there knew that if you get a shot you get spanked.  My friend asked me if I wanted a shot, to my surprise I was like "SURRRE!!!!!!"
 
My shot comes out and it's in a wooden paddle that has holes in it for the shots to fit in.  I didn't think anything less of it.   So I have my shot of Jager and then the waitress tells me to come over and bend over.  Apparently I will get spanked by her with the paddle. 

Now let me say that this chick didn't go easy on me and gave me such a hard spanking that the fat of my butt cheeks went through the holes of the paddle.  I was jumping up and down in pain.  

It actually hurt sitting down after that.  I was humiliated, there are pictures somewhere out there of that event and I will get my revenge on that waitress and friends.  

In conclusion if you want to impose pain to a friend please take them here. 

P.S. they have a lot of beer apparently that you can drink in a 1 liter Stein.
What a wonderful place! The food is super, the entertainment decidedly hokey, and the beer... Oh the beer. I'm a beer-lover and was very happy with, not only the quality, but also the sizes available -- pints!

There were songs about beer (sung in German), grown men asking to be paddled on the ass by the waitresses in front of the entire hall, games to win glass steins. Oh yes, the entire place was up on the tables dancing and singing along as best (or worst) as they could. 

Hofbrauhaus isn't your typical "sit-down" restaurant by any means. Rather, the eating "hall" is full of tables that are shared among everyone. Groups are seated far enough apart to have their own space, but I can see the place being filled & mingled with patrons on a busy night. 

This time around, I took some advice from a fellow Yelper and ordered the stuffed chicken (Grillhendl). It's difficult to describe, but the flavor was definitely German and very delicious. Erin Ashley (my wonderful woman) ordered some type of salad -- potato salad mixed with green salad & a type of schnitzel on top. Oh the glory.

For an appetizer we were served a soft preztel accompanied with three sauces -- spicy mustard, sweet-spicy mustard, and a thick-creamy spread made from Brie cheese. Personally, I'm not a big fan of Brie. But this spread is to live for. 

I sang. I danced. I drank. I didn't win a stein, but I will keep going back to have fun and play the game. And so should you.
I've read through a bunch of the reviews and I see common themes for folks disappointed with their experience at the Hofbrauhaus. 

1. Beer Prices
2. Food price/authenticity
3. The Band (Music Selection and volume)
4. Service 

First off, I lived in Germany for 5 years and have been to Munich's Oktoberfest several times so I have some perspective to compare fairly.

Beer Price: 15 dollars for a LITER of Beer. Let's break it down. A liter of beer is 33.8 ounces. That is two ounces short of THREE 12 Oz. BOTTLES. So I challenge anyone to find real german imported beer on the strip for less than 5 dollars. If you ask me, you are getting a bargain especially when they are offering their tasty seasonal beers. 

2. Food Prices/Authenticity: Prices may be a bit pricey when you are used to Sunday dinner with the family at Chili's or the Cracker Barrel. This restaurant is a destination in itself. The servings are large and the food is cooked by actual German chefs. It may not be EXACTLY to the taste of what you'd find in Germany, but it's pretty close. A steak in Germany doesn't quite taste like an American Porterhouse either. I've seen the servers explain the menu choices to folks who are unfamiliar. 

3. The Band: It is loud in the main hall in the evenings. If you want it to be a bit quieter, ask for the beer garden. The band plays a mix of german music and american classics. Just like the Hofbrau tent at Oktoberfest in Munich. The Germans LOVE to sing John Denver's "Country Roads" and Neil Diamond's "Sweet Caroline" so if you think you are getting Las Vegas cheesiness, you aren't. You are getting authentic German cheesiness. 

4. Service: The servers I've dealt with all know their beers and the menu. They can explain the food before you order and get disappointed by not getting what you wanted. They can also recommend some of the more popular dishes as well. These servers (as well as many others in Vegas) also deal with a very large amount of foreign tourists who either don't understand that they depend on gratuities (unlike in Europe) or they feign ignorance. I would go crazy having to work in that beer hall with all that noise and all the demanding customers while trying to keep a smile on my face. If you can't afford to tip correctly (at any restaurant) then maybe you need to lower your price point for food and entertainment. 

The Hofbrauhaus is not a carbon copy of the Oktoberfest in Munich, but it is the closest thing to actually being there. Arrive there in a mood to eat, drink, and sing with your table mates and you'll leave with an unforgettable memory of Oktoberfest in the desert.
My wife and I had a great time!  We walked over from the hard rock for lunch and spent a few hours eating, drinking and singing.  The food is traditional german with sausage, kraut, hot potato salad, schnitzel, etc.  Good bears and some really good deserts!  We will return!
Authentic German food... really really good!  I ordered the Kielbasa platter, which was pretty good!  Everything here is really expensive though, even a shot of their Schnapps will take you back a good $7... ouch.

Yes this place is fun and loud, and to this day I have no idea what they were saying during the toasts.  Yeah... LOL
Hofbrauhaus! What an event!

Big plates of German food, big steins of German beer from Munich, and spanking spanking spanking! 

Since we had 2 big tables of us, of course the MC pulled all of us up to do the chicken dance in front of the whole restaurant, plus almost all of the guys got spanked by the wenches (is that what they're called?) 

People were just getting smacked all over the place! Those ladies do not mess around and really give it to all these guys butts. It's definitely a sight to see! The food is good and big. The beers are good and I love that the Oktoberfest ones are actually from Germany. Hofbrauhaus is definitely an Oktoberfest experience! We actually met a bunch of guys from Germany here too! Apparently we met lots of Germans all weekend.

Get ready to drink, yell, sing, stand on your chairs, dance, and just have a good time.
Love this place.  Great entertainment, great food, and awesome beers!

Came here at around 11:30am for some grub.  My gf and I ordered the Meat Salad (awesome bologna salad btw), and the Bratwurst with saurkrat (which was tasty as well).  

At first I ordered the half liter beer.  I looked over to my right and saw a tiny blonde girl drinking a HUGE liter mug.  I felt so much like a weaksauce, especially since my gf was taunting me, that I HAD to order the one-liter mug.  There was no choice.  Needless to say, I enjoyed every drop of their Hefeweizen (they use a LOT of bananas and cloves if your into the sweeter hefs).  

I'd love to see how they party down here during dinner time.  The host guy was hilarious, going around each table drinking his one liter mug of beer and one liter mug of Bloody mary simultaneously.  

Cheers!
Went for Oktoberfest , the food was spectacular and I didn't expect that.  Lots of fun with the live band playing too.
First off, this place is home to some serious ass-whacking.  Be prepared.  Bar Maids with wooden paddles spank the customers.  That might sound nice, but I assure you...it really isnt.  Although it IS great entertainment, and I love this place for it.

Beer: Had the Octoberfest.  Wife had Dunkel.  Both very good.  equal rating.  Had 2 liters, so I must have liked it.  15.50 per liter. Don't be scared.

Apps: Pretzel. Cheese, mustards.  Must have.

Meals: Had the wurstplatte, wife had schnitzel sandwich.  Loved mine.  Hers was good, not great.  I am the German in the family, so...

Service: Fine.  We had a large group so it is a pain t begin with.  they got to beat 3 of the group with a chunk of wood, so that probably helped them deal with it.

Games: quarter bounce into stein, stein holding (I am a champ!4.5 minutes), drinking through giant Ricolah horn, dancing, chanting, singing, etc.  And, of course, wooden paddle ass beating.  Thumbs up to all.  The guy who was on stage drank about a keg of beer while performing a variety of buffoonery.  He was great.  If you want a nice quiet meal, stay as far away from here as possible.  If you want a party atmosphere, beer drinking with some good sausage and kraut....this is the place for you.

Bring your checkbook...it ain't cheap.
The food was great and service was very good.  The atmosphere is not exactly what I expected having been to the real Hofbrauhaus.  It is a sing along kinda hicken Dance are not very German.  Definitely a place for the drunken younger crowd.  The evening was topped off by a guy puking his guts out in the Men's room!
This place is a little expensive. However, the food is stellar and the beer is amazing. Did I mention the spanking and scantily clad women? Be sure to buy a shot and bring a camera, because Hofbrauhaus comes with it's own entertainment en masse. They have two rooms full of entertainment.

My fiancee does not like beer, period. She does however, like hofbrauhaus beer. This is like someone whose scale of beer is from a 1 (dislike) to 3 (somewhat dislike)...so this is beyond impressive.

Meanwhile, there's lots of singing, dancing, and altogether humorous fake sky-ceiling to go along with everything else.

Food is Bavarian, so mostly meat, but the pretzels are awesome and come with normal mustard along with sweet/spicy mustard.

Meanwhile, the spanking. How does it work? Well, order a shot, and watch what happens. A must see.
Great place to relax in Las Vegas.
The decor looked nice with dirdle waitresses.
Real Hofbrau beer was excellent.
The atmosphere of the place is awesome.
The band played Ein Prosit quite a few times to raise our Steins.
When the band played Sweet Caroline, it was a public karaoke itself!
Everyone sang with loud and danced.
The other good thing is when you are at Hofbrauhaus, you don't lose.
Because you are not gambling!
We went in October on a Friday afternoon and had a blast. 
If you don't like loud beer places with customer participation then this is NOT FOR YOU.
Pricey, but the food, beer, and live entertainment is all good.

Service - 5 Stars. German Restaurants have slow service. So long as you know that going in you should be fine. This place was no exception, BUT our waitress was extremely friendly and moved a little quicker then I even expected. 
There was a one-man band playing while we were there. He sang, played 5 different instruments, and led different beer challenges. We played in the Stein holding contest, and the quarter in the beer game. Again, lots of fun!
Food - 5 Stars. If you like German food, then you'll like this place. VERY GOOD. The weiner schnitzel was good, as was the white schnitzel. Honestly, everything I tried was very good. Desserts were good too.
Beer - 4  Stars. Very good. I've had better German beers, but theirs were pretty good. And who doesn't like drinking out of a boot?!

Overall, a lot of fun. Will def go back!
Wholesome comfort food and beer, what's not to like
Unique setting - the German band was great. Beer - well, German beer - Excellent. Food was so - so, I have had better German.

Setting is very noisy, but that's what it is all about, a re-creation of Octoberfest in Munich. We had a great time. Come for the fun, not the food!!! And watch out of the schnappes paddle - too much fun!!!
Fun place - dining hall style seating.

If you want to try a lot of food - don't order a large stein of beer - you'll leave feeling like you've consumed enough for a week. 

Wiener-schnitzel is good. Great pretzels. I've had better quality German food in Milwaukee, but they do a nice job here. Food prices are OK (especially compared to Vegas Strip restaurants) beer maybe a little high.

Just a few blocks from the strip - check it out, it's unlike most restaurants in any other town.
A recent visit reconfirmed my earlier review. I've been to this place about four times now - and always for lunch. One of these days I'll have to go at dinnertime. 

Had potato pancakes - they were a little thinner than what I like, but the taste was very good. Looks like they are made with a mix - and that's OK.

My brother asked why there was no sauerbraten on the menu. The waitress said it was on the dinner menu only. Later she returned to explain that it is because the dumplings that go with the sauerbraten take all day to cook. She offered to replace those dumplings with another side, but my brother stuck with the pork that he had ordered. He said it was pretty good - all dark meatthough - he would have preferred light meat.
This place was a blast. I had just got to Vegas from L.A. and some friends of mine were at the Hofbrauhaus. They told me and my friends to come check it out. I'd never heard of it but hell I was in Vegas so just go with the flow right.  As I walked in I see my friend getting a spanking by a waitress! OMG my jaw hit the floor when she went down the line and spanked all four of the people i was meeting up with.  I couldn't help but bust out laughing. 

I didn't know what to make out of the place at first because its a German place and myself and my 2 buddies were the only black guys in the whole place. But we loosend up an the next thing you know we were standing on the tables cheering on the beer chugging competitions and singing along to the songs! 

Long story short! Great fun it feels like October fest all the time!
Definitely authentic.  Definitely saw tourists get spanked.  Definitely paid 16 bucks for a beer.  I've been to Germany and this is as close to a real Hofbrauhaus as I've seen in the states which explains why they can be a bit overpriced.  I recommend going at least once for the experience.
If you want to get head while you are in Vegas then this is the place for you! Now get your head out of the gutter...I mean beer foam, you will get lots of it here. 

I know this is Vegas and drinks are usually not cheap. But this place was very expensive! Which is the main reason why I really wanted to give this place 2 stars. BUT...this place had great qualities that bumped it to 3 stars instead. 

First great quality was our waitress. She was very friendly and attentive. The food was also very tasty..and the portions are pretty big. The main drawback were the prices though. 

We had to share the meals because we knew we weren't going to be able to drink and eat without going broke. We got the Hofbrauhaus Plate, which consisted of Smoked pork loin, pork roast, smoked sausage with dark beer sauce, side of sauerkraut and mashed potatoes. 

The smoked pork loin was my favorite. I loved how tender and delicious it was when you took a bite of it and combine it with the sauerkraut and potatoes. Yummers! 

The Grillhendl was also ordered. Which is an Oktoberfest style Roasted Half chicken stuffed with parsley, beer butter and onions served crispy brown with homemade Bavarian potato salad. The chicken was really good! I mean really good people...order this! The chicken was moist and very well seasoned. I wish they would change the potato salad to mashed potatoes instead because they would go better with the chicken. But I really liked this plate...would have been nice to have enjoyed it on my own instead of sharing it :( 

The atmosphere of the place was fun. The bad is very entertaining and of course the people getting spanked is a riot. 

So in my future visits to Vegas I'm going to have to go gamble, hopefully be lucky and make some money then hit Hofbrauhaus cause it's expensive.
I was at the Munich location last summer and this place rates!

You can't beat the original of course but this place is authentic with a nice Biergarten.
This place gets four stars for the great beer, the perfect pretzels, and general good atmosphere. But the music - Neil Diamond, on the accordion? Really? Not what I expected at a place like Hofbraus? Service was wonderful, as always.  Did I mention the beer? Oh yes. Love.
More Vegas festivities were held at Hofbrauhaus, a fine purveyor of beer, Germanium grub, and raucous entertainment. We made a reservation for eight of us the same day, and managed to snag a table with ease. Once there I realized we got the worst possible location, for me at least; it was about 5' away from the stage, band, and a large party of drunken, table-dancing idiots. 

So after a couple glasses of brew;
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cJWbbvGmyhFiBpG_5hf5LA?select=34IhW9hzUkABuxD5YNtK8Q

A couple snacks;
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cJWbbvGmyhFiBpG_5hf5LA?select=OknYYAs9YJyO47jKVgMpmw

We moved our party "outside" to the fake courtyard, where we could hear ourselves talk. The calm area was nice and had a painted ceiling to give the illusion of the outdoors. There were TVs to show the shenanigans of the belly of the beast, as well as a Jägermeister shot toting dominatrix, trading paddle driven ass smacks and shots for a few bucks. 

I wasn't expecting much from the food, but most of it was pretty good and fairly priced. All the sausages I tried were good and I ended up wishing I got a sausage platter instead of the large fried pork cutlet;
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cJWbbvGmyhFiBpG_5hf5LA?select=3kbIc_2631KF0YxhUkPQfA

All in all it was a fun time. If I went back, I would request a table as far from the stage a possible, but I'm old and don't like loud things anymore.
Sausage, sausage, sausage, and Sauerkraut.

Not a big fan, unless you're a fan of sausage and sauerkraut.

It was a very loud environment with a live band, and the ladies/waitress were slapping ppl in the a$$ with a wooden paddles. If you like that, drop on by!!

I will pass ;)
This is a Vegas ritual for my group.  The only reason to not go while I'm in Vegas is if I'm there with silly "let's go clubbing! woooo!" girls... because this is not the place for them.  This is the place for the cool girls who can hold their own in a group of guys, and are more than happy to give up LAX or Rain for a semi-authentic German oompah band playing covers - in German.

It's just plain fun.  

On a recent trip with said WOOgirls, my sadness at being kept from my beloved Hofbrauhaus overwhelmed and I had to stop in to pick up some food to take home to LA.  A few pretzels (gotta share with the hubs) and some spaetzle would do me just fine.  I got there 15 minutes before opening (couldn't find their hours online), and they unlocked the doors just for me.  Took my to-go order, churned it out quickly and with a smile.  AND they gave me extra spaetzle, just cuz they're nice like that.

Why not 5 stars?  Well... okay.  The bill for my to-go order came to $43 after tip.  I remember this vividly because it was a money-stressing weekend, and every expenditure's exact value is burned into my retinas.  Checking mint a few days later, I saw that Hofbrauhaus had charged me $48.  Yes, it's $5, but it's shady - and makes me wonder how often this might "just happen" here?  Of course, you can't really do much about something like that, because at that point it's their word against yours... so I let it slide, and choose to not let it ruin my love of the Hofbrauhaus.  I will, however, be paying cash from this point forward.
I love the beer, ambience, music and potato wedges!!!!!!! Can't get enough of this place!
If Yelp permitted 3.5 stars, I think is place is worthy of them.

Actually, I take that back, the number of stars really depends on the purpose of your visit. For German mastication, 1 star is plenty. The food is mediocre at best and I've left hungry after each of the two times I ate food here. I'm a big guy, but there are entree salads I've had elsewhere that are much more filling than the schnitzel plates I ate here. The food isn't inedible, but there are far better places in town for authentic and filling german fare.

Now, for a rowdy night of beer drinking and paddling, this place earns 4 stars. Steins of light and dark house beer are rampant as is the stereotypical German drinking songs performed by whoever is on stage. As for the house beers, I prefer the dark; flavorful, aromatic and just bitter enough to turn me away from vodka for the evening. If not, there's always Jager to fall back on. Watch out for the ladies with paddles and either avoid them or give them a holler, depending on how red you'd like your bottom to be at the end of the evening.

All in all, if a night of beers and watching others getting their groove on in full lederhosen is what you crave, this is the place to be.
We came for a meal and stayed 4 hours. My wife was dancing on the table and she doesn't even drink. The party atmosphere is contagious. Good food, good drinks, good service..what's not to like.
If i could I'd give it a 3.5 stars

The place has that comfort feel of your local bar where everybody's family. You never know who is going to sit next to, the local, the out of towner or a man and his family from Austria.

I have been to the original one in Germany and when I heard they opened one in Vegas I had to come and check it out. We ended up sitting next to a family that had originally came from Austria and when we go to talking and he found that I had stopped in his country for a time being we became the best of friend, or maybe the yager helped us become friends. Never the less we enjoyed dinner and drinks by the pint. Go to their website to find out when they have bands playing thats the best time to go. The MC is constantly interacting with the guest to play various game, or just to see how your trip is going. 

If your looking for a quite place to wine and dine this is not the joint. If you wanna drink, dance while standing in your seat this is the spot
I've been to the original Hofbrauhaus and while definitely not the same, this place is still very enjoyable. Huge HB beers, multitudes of sausage, and their wonderful sauerkraut makes me happy. The $9,95 daily lunch specials all looked good as well. Do a Jager shot and they spank you, supposedly. Its a pretty cheap cab ride from the strip and a nice getaway from the constant slot machine clingclongbeepchingdingdings.
Warning, this place is LOUD, and just as it is loud, it's FUN!

The food is hit or miss. Luckily, mine was a Hit!

Sauerbraten - 
Marinated "Pot Roast Bavarian Style" with Red Wine, Vegetable Strips, Potato Dumpling and Red Cabbage. 
        The Pot Roast melted in your mouth, the Red Cabbage was excellently made and the Potato Dumpling... was a lump of dough, haha

The 1Liter Steins are Awesome to say the least. The pretty girls walk around with shots and one girl walks around offering to paddle people. Yup- preeeetty interesting to see, as long as it's not you hahahaha!

I can't wait to come back to this place with a bunch of crazy friends!
This place is nutty.  I went with a fantastic group of people.  Unfortunately, I was DD and I could not gorge myself with one of their fantastic beers.

I was thoroughly entertained by everything there.  From the band reminiscent of Oktoberfest, to the dominatrix lady whose job is to spank people (I assume for a living -- could you imagine?).

I wasn't extremely happy with my meal (because I eat mounds like a monster), but like in reviews previous, it's hit or miss.  I should have gotten a burger or something, those looked fantastic.  And the fries I tried were pretty fly.

I wish I could try it again!  I just don't live in Las Vegas.  Next time for sure!
Am I required to put a star?  Ugh. Fine - one.  ONE star for the fact that my friends and I had a GREAT time....UNTIL....dun dun duuuun.  I could make this long and detailed, but for the sake of people actually reading, I'll try to do a quick version.

I had to take a few months to gather my thoughts in order to not be too cruel.  I wanted to yelp the moment I came back from this place, but I felt it'd be most "fair" if I wasn't as steamed.

So where to begin - oh yes.  Over priced boots.  We asked from the beginning what the cost of a boot was.  $20 is what we kept getting from "A" our waitress (I'll save her name - she was sort of nice). We signed this slip of paper that said boot was not replaceable if broken and beer was extra. Fine. So we asked how much the beer was. Again, kept hearing $20. I said, "I'll just have the mini boot." "Just get the regular one...it'll be the same price.". Maybe it's my fault for assuming she was taling about the beer, but I guess she was talking about the boot. Some birthday paddle shots, dancing on the bench, and a few hours later...the bill comes. Boots cost us about 75 each!!!!!! Are you kidding? I mean we knew we had to pay for the boot and beer but calc'd it to about $40...not nearly double. So whatever we had a good time, were a bit peeved, but paid the bill. However, we just wanted to know why it cost so much and felt appropriate to ask...so we asked. That led to pointing fingers..we said we understood and wanted to just let them know for future customers' sakes. It boiled down to the confrontation of the manager and owner. Poor management...no solution rather kept adding to the problem. They evenb through the waitress under the bus and blamed her for our unhappiness. Well now they just added on to it. The best part was when they wouldn't let us leave with beer in our boot. Damn, I paid 75 I better be a ble to take it out! Plus we were in Vegas!!!! By the hardrock!!! Not like we were in the boonie outskirts. After so much fighting with the management, we stormed out to the words, "we're gonna call the cops!"

I said, "Go ahead!"

Ironically we saw some cops outside and they never stopped us for our alcohol. In fact, thet were fascinated by the beer and asked where we got it. I said, "down the street but don't go there. The management is awful!"

Sigh. I still get heated. I think my comic relief was their attempt at making it better by giving us a round of Jaegar. No thanks. Second comedy act was the sweet fobbish Filipina lady who asked if I'd pay her bills if she got fired because I would walk out with alcohol. Hahahaha...poor lady.
Lot's of fun! Great, authentic German food. The atmosphere can't be beat. Lots of people, relaxed, drinking and having a great time. I would recommend it for a fun, yet not "high maintenence" night out in Vegas!
I fell in LOVE with Hofbrauhaus almost instantly. The atmosphere makes you feel like you are right back in Germany. The singing and dancing invoke even the Grinch to smile. The beer was absolutely delicious as was my entree and my friends. Immediately we realized that we found a real gem off the strip! I couldn't leave without purchasing one of the boots for my apartment. 

If you are looking for out-of-the-norm fun while in Vegas this is definitely the place to go! Some people are put-off at sharing tables, but since I have been to Europe so many times it really didn't bother me. It's a guaranteed good time at Hofbrauhaus!
Very loud in the main part of the restaurant, but a very fun atmosphere, Good food and good service. Great saurkraut and sausages and awesome potato soup!
This review is based on my experience in 2009, so please bear with me for posting it so late because I didn't use yelp until recently.
It was an awesome place for german food. My husband and I actually went for my first visit in 2009 and haven't been back yet but we always thought about this place because the food is so good. We wanna go there again when we are in the area again.
Food was good atmosphere was good beer was cold. The German potato salad was good the sauerbraten was just ok the potato pancakes were excellent and hot (warmth). The best part of the meal was the pretzel with the three types of dip. The schnitzel was great. I would go back next time in Vegas!
Food was great, beer was great. I left drunk and broke. Kind of pricey for the quality of service, but I guess the food makes up for it.
This is definitely a tourist trap, which can be a good or bad thing. There's really nothing else like this place in Las Vegas so there's that. And they have really huge beer mugs, and the live music can be fun.

But, after you've been here a few times, the novelty definitely wears off. You start to realize that the beers are priced easily twice what you should be paying, the food options are pretty bleak, and the music....meh, it gets a bit old.

Last time I wanted to go, it was a Saturday night and I knew it would be packed out so I made a reservation. Got there, followed the hostess in and what do you know, she seats my party at the one table that is furthest away from anything, a straight diagonal across the room from the stage. And there were a ton of empty tables that were closer! Her reasoning was absurd! So after one beer and a food order that they couldn't even get right, I summoned a manager and complained. She too, was perplexed as to why we were seated in the back, with a reservation. She took our food item off the ticket and apologized, which was nice, but the damage was done. So we finished our first and only round and left. Sad though, because it could've turned into a long night and a hefty tab, but I'm sure they didn't miss it because this place will always fill up with tourists like me.
Every time I come to Vegas this is a MUST stop partially because I'm madly in LOVE with Jägerschnitzel!! Pork cutlet topped with creamy mushroom sauce, bacon, onions served with spätzle, drooling yet? I AM! This is by far my favorite meal here with beer served in mugs the size of my head, singing, dancing, community style tables it's nothing but GOOD TIMES. DAS BOOT!
Food FAIL.
Bartender FAIL.
Entertainment - eh.

The only reason I came here was because our friend coordinated our group of 25 and this venue accommodates larger parties because of their bench style seating. However, the food is mediocre and overpriced, the service was just okay, and the sound system was poorly monitored and difficult to hear what the emcee was saying during their random contests. 

First I arrived early hoping to catch a hockey game at the bar. I called ahead and a host said there were two screens and it looked like one was showing hockey. Joe the bartender was thoroughly inattentive, slow at pouring (hampered by bottle regulators), and indifferent to my needs. He never said hello when I sat down, never offered a menu or drink list. They only have 3 types of beers, and you can only get certain beers in certain sizes. After 10-15 minutes of waiting, Joe tried searching for the game but it was very clear that he had little experience with a remote control or his bar's service.  Plus having only one bartender at 7pm on a Saturday night didn't help him either. They use Dish service and couldn't find the game. Bar FAIL.

They sat us in the main hall near the band and the band was okay. But why had a drum set on stage if you're not going to have a drummer? Band FAIL. I could barely understand the emcee when he spoke because of either the acoustics of the room or the mic or where we were seated but it just made for a noisy atmosphere.

They've got a gal that walks around selling shots of Jager and paddle whacks on the ass. Having never been in a fraternity, I can't see how either of those can be pleasurable in any way. Plus, this lady was pissed about something someone said or did because she was putting out a really angry vibe to a couple of other guests not at our party. 

I don't eat pork so my menu selections were limited. I went for the chicken with mushrooms. Good mushroom sauce, but the chicken was horribly overcooked and tough. Then it was topped with French's onions and came with their German pasta side dish. This was NOT worth $19. Food FAIL.

Not recommended for visitors. There's plenty better food & dining in Vegas.
Just awful customer service, really disappointing.

I made a reservation here a month before our visit - we were 20 strong, a soccer team in town for a tournament.  I was the first to arrive, and the hostess said to let her know when we had 10 there, and she'd seat us.  When 10 arrived, I let her know.  They started to lead us to our seats, in the Main Hall as we'd requested.

Then, confusion strikes.  She leads us to a table with people already sitting at it, one of our group says "uh...we don't know them..." and she laughs, then realizes he wasn't joking, and says "really?  no way!"  They claimed that this other group came in and said they were us, so they gave them our table.

However, I suspect the true story is that they screwed up and gave another party our table, under no fault of the people sitting at the other table.  My proof?  While we were waiting for our 10 to arrive, I heard them call "Leslie, party of 6."  We were Leslie, party of 20.  So, the Leslie party of 6 was seated, then they realized they screwed up and tried to blame them for wrongly taking our seats.  Not cool.

The manager was involved in all of this, and he is the sole person to blame for the mistake, and the failure to fix the mistake.

They sent us back to the lobby and made us wait until a table for 20 was open.  By the time we were seated, it was 45 minutes past our reservation time.  We had just played 3 soccer games before going to dinner, and were all more than starving, and grumpy.  It truly sucked.

He tried telling us that we could just sit in the beer garden if we wanted - anyone who has been here knows that would be lame.  There is no entertainment, and it is not fun like the main hall is.  We came there to party, not have a conversation.

What they should have done:  Admitted it was their mistake, not blame some other customers.  Given us free mini-beers while we waited, or at least offered us water or SOMETHING.  Apologized.

The manager here sucks, I won't be back.  Oh, and our server sucked and was rude to some of the people in our group, but we still had to pay the 18% tip they tacked on.  I hate that rule with a passion you would not believe.
The serendiptious joy of finding this place was trebled when, for our Friday night reservation, two of our guys came straight from the airport, having just of flown in from the East Coast. They were a little jaded and needed a pick me up.

" Vodka and Red Bull" they asked of our buxom and broad shouldered server. 

None of us knew what was coming next, and boy was it a magnificent joyful pleasure. The sheer terror on our friend's face as he was asked to clench his fists, lock his knees and spread his legs. She even asked him to move to the vacant table beside us, as she could not get a good swing in as there was a pillar blocking her at our table. 

There were tears in his eyes, and he may never order Red Bull again.

Great food, great beer, great beer hall atmosphere.
I love this place. Enjoy Oktoberfest and all
Germany has to offer in Vegas. 

Who doesn't like standing on your chair swinging around your beer stein and singing along to drinking songs? If that doesn't sound fun then just stay home and leave Vegas to us who enjoy life.

Not too mention the German beer is awesome, the food is really good, and you just might get spanked with a wooden paddle. That's right, spanked.

It's always a great time.
Um WTF is going on here, random spankings, giant beers, sausages, cleavage, loud music, a guy that looks like Dwight Schrute screaming in german kicking plates off tables with a 10 ft horn!!?? WOW how cool is this place!! The Sausage and food is good. I really like pretzels and cheese with Brie  and cream cheese mix they have. The beer is unreal and the you have to have at least a liter of something. Next time I am for sure bringing a large group and I will tackle a 2  liter Das Boot myself. The prices are probably 15-10% higher than they should be but again this is something you need to experience for sure!
Sehr sehr gut! (that means very very good by the way!) 
I would travel to Vegas just to eat here and see "O." Ja, ja!!! 
The portions are huge. The service has always been good. The beer is cold and oh so refreshing after being in the hot sun all day. The entertainment is fun. The spankings are a riot to watch. Oh yeah... they have a big ol wooden paddle that the servers seem to enjoy using a little too much. But it's all in good fun (as long as you aren't on the receiving end...unless you like that sort of thing....but then that's between you and the paddle! This is Vegas after all!) 
I mean really! What more could you ask for? Just writing this makes me want to book a trip to Sin City!
good for big groups of drunken-prone people
lots of beer, decent food, fun times.
not the original, but will deliver on a fun evening.
Horrible, horrible, horrible service.  Horrible.  But great beer.  That's the only thing that saves this review.  

Our waitress was SO inattentive, she said that "the kitchen lost our ticket" for food after us being there for over 30 minutes at that point.  This is something she should have noticed WAY before that considering I had ordered a side salad, and that should have been up right away.  She dropped our food on the ground, she gave attitude about EVERYTHING.  She wasn't paying attention to us at.all.  We needed to flag her down for everything, and when our order finally did come out, it was wrong.

Oh, and she came running after us after we left because she couldn't find the bill on the table and thought we didn't pay her.  Ummm, it's the black thing RIGHT THERE.  

But they have giant beers and really good music.  But that doesn't make up for the fact that the service was some of the worst I have ever had!
Went there Saturday night, and it was a blast! Great beer, we got one at the front bar, went in to the haus, saw the stein competition, sang a bunch of songs, and we parted ways. It was a lot of fun, and definitely a great place to stop by and have a beer.
The beer and music are so good that I can't give an honest assessment of the food.  I'm usually two litres and one huge pretzel in before I get any sausages, weinerschnitzel or other German delights.  I don't even know what I eat here...honestly.
Hofbrauhaus - how I love thee! You have quickly become a very necessary Vegas tradition. Now I can't even fathom the idea of starting off my annual trip to Vegas with Jenn, Annette and Kristen without your delicious pretzels and ginormous brews!

Just think... after a long 4-5 hour drive in the sun, what could possibly be better than a very large, very cold beer and delicious carbs and wieners? NOTHING. 

This time around we just indulged in beer and a pretzel. I always go for the dark, or the dunkel, which is rich but still refreshing and thirst quenching. The pretzel comes out warm, perfectly browned on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The pretzel comes with three dipping mustards - a sweet mustard, a cheesy delish whipped mustard and regular mustard. All three are great, and I don't even like mustard. 

The atmosphere couldn't get better. Friendly and welcoming, a very large and spacious room with fun German décor. I love the pretzels and lobsters painted all over the ceiling. Weird, but it seems to work. Plus having activities like playing quarters into your steins and dancing the chicken dance just add to getting one pumped up for being in Vegas! 
I'll be back soon Hofbrauhaus!
Visited: May 29th, 2011

My friend Kerri made a reservation for 3pm for this place they day before. Ania, one of Isabel's friends suggested that we go to this place. I do believe that Isabel had taken her then boyfriend (now husband) to this place on their anniversary (as an unmarried couple late last year). I was down to try a German/Bavarian restaurant and see what foods they had to offer. Ania, Kerri (went to the Munich location), and Isabel said that this place was good. Of course, I don't know what "good" German/Bavarian food is supposed to taste like. 

We went to Hofbrauhaus after our windy and cold experience at Marquee Dayclub. It was still windy as we were walking in, but inside was nice and toasty. :) I absolutely loved the architecture in this building as well as the artwork and the long, wooden "family style" tables.  We were sat down and within a few minutes we were ready to order. Our server was pretty friendly.  I ended up ordering the Creamy Bavarian Potato Soup w/ sliced sausage and the Obazter Classic Bavarian Appetizer while everyone else ordered meat items. None of us ordered any beer, although I was pretty tempted to order a stein. Isabel ordered the shot that came with a paddle spanking, and ordered it for that reason. I know a few people in the restaurant ordered it, and when I saw the spankings and how much they hurt those people, I was not about to order it. When Isabel got her spanking, she was a freakin' champ, only a little hop. lol.... 

Anyway, our food took a little while to come to our table, but it was well worth it. My soup was creamy and tasty, and not salty and my appetizer was so good. The pretzel was soft and it was perfect with the seasoned brie & cream cheese dip, however, I consumed the pretzel before I even finished the two mounds of cheese dip. I ended up having to order another pretzel to finish it off. The girls seemed to enjoy the food and the festivities, which included the chicken dance. This occurred after the beer holding contest (the beer was in a stein and the arm had to be straight with no leaning back for leverage). In the end, two guys ended up in a tie and each got a free stein as a souvenir. Us girls got a free stein after doing the chicken dance, and that stein went to Isabel because it was her bachelorette party weekend. I hate the chicken dance, but it was worth getting kicked and stepped on to get a free stein. lol.....

Hofbrauhaus is a good place to drink tons of German-crafted beer, sing along with the host, get a spanking after taking shots (not for people with a low threshold for pain), eat delicious food, and do the chicken dance.
Drunken singing and chicken dancing, pounding of HUGE steins, sausages, standing on chairs, jager shots followed by getting wacked with a wooden paddle.... What more can you ask for???

We have an Awesome time every time we come here! A must stop for us every trip to Vegas. Hard Rock is right across the street. Perfect for some drunken gambling!
Nice place to visit to remind you how good the real thing was.  Best to go on the weekends as thats when the schweinshaxe is served.
great place had lots of fun there.really good beer knid of pricy
To sum up: authentic Bavarian restaurant located off the strip with huge beer and great food.

To elaborate: My very first trip here was for a friend's birthday extravaganza. My first thought when I walked in was BEER!!!! and lots of it. Now being a Bavarian place they don't offer light beer so don't even think about it. They offered Hefeweizen, Dunkel and a seasonal - which in this case was a dark wheat beer. If you're looking for large quantities of tasty libation this is the place to go - get the litre and be amazed at the size of the stein you get. 

On to the food - if you like Bavarian (read: German) food, this is the place to be. I happen to be a fan, so I was in heaven and quite honestly was torn for a while. Oh the food was sooooooo good - you have GOT to freaking eat here if you like German food. Plus, the portions are HUGE! This is excellent drunk food - which probably says a lot about Germans...and the desserts look amazing. I was too full to try one though.

Bringing on the atmosphere - for all intents and purposes this place is an authentic Munich beer hall. They have family style long wooden tables and benches, there is a huge shelf along one wall loaded down with steins, and a guy comes in and plays live music and gets loads of audience interaction. This is a very enjoyable place to come and eat - it's a little pricey (look to spend at least $30 per person if you're drinking), but it's definitely worth it for tourists and locals alike. I can't wait till Oktoberfest to see this place come alive.

There are also spankings and contests. Be intrigued...
I went with a group of 4 people and everyone ordered something different to eat and no one was disappointed with the food. The beer was amazing as many others have mentioned. The food was also very good, but I would recommend sharing a plate because the portions are very generous. The service was okay, they weren't very busy, had plenty of staff, and still seemed to take a while to take our order and give us our check. All-in-all, if you love Baverian food and beer I would say this place is worth checking out.
What a beer hall! Ive been here a few times and everyone who comes along always has an amazing time. The beers are huge and light's not an option so if you're going to order a beer be prepared to drink.
It sounds like lately the entertainment has mostly been a one-man band but I've seen a full band play here in the past. All the gals are wearing German Bar Maid outfits (which become a bit more revealing in the later hours in the evening versus coming in for lunch) which is definitely a sight to see and they'll give ya a shot of whatever liquor is available if you'll let one of them paddle your arse.

Decided to go with the Bavarian equivalent to Bangers and Mash (Sausage, Mashed Potatoes, and Sauerkraut rather than peas) which was delicious and considering how filling the beer was, just the right amount for me.

If you've got about $25/head and are debating whether to stop in, go. You'll have a great time.
They also have a private photographer offering photos for $15 and $20. If you have a digital camera, their frame isn't worth the $15, but if not, go for it.
I've never been to Munich (Munchen) but i have been to Germany.  The sausage and sauerkraut were absolutely fabulous.  The veal sausage was tender, hot and flavorful.  I had the Dunkel and believe me it was refreshing . . . especially with 108 outside.  

The place itself is very authentic looking.  I went early afternoon and it was very quiet . . . i can imagine during a busy night this place would be crazy.  Definitely going to make a run here when it is busy.
I just checked out Hofbrauhaus for the first time and I must say.  Hofbrauhaus has made me question my newly single status. Bring on the weirdos in lederhosen!!

Always wanted to get to the Cincinnati location when I was living in Louisville, but never did.  We walked in around 9 p.m.  Early enough that it wasn't crazy, but late enough that the super majority had dos boots of beer and were schammered.  And we tried to catch up!  But those German girls are a lot more woman than me.  After one ginormous beer, I was done!  

Great touristy atmosphere.  Very interactive.  Most of the servers were very friendly.  A total drunken, German party -- dancing, singing and drinking.  I can't wait to go back and try the food because nothing says party time like beer and kraut! hehe.
Ah the Hofbräuhaus house. I've been to the Hofbräuhaus house several times and I'd say on every Vegas trip I go, I try to make it a point to go to this fine establishment. Mind you, the 4 stars may be misleading; I honestly can't remember the food too much, except on the way out sometimes. 
The 4 stars has to do with the vibe of the restaurant, the amazing beer and the fantastic service. 

The service is great; they encourage drinking and make sure everyone has a good time. A performer would come down to each table and drink beer with the table. I remember one performer telling us he loved his job - he gets paid to party with guests! 

The beer is delicious. If you are looking for the Naughty Ice and the Paps of the world, this may not be the place for you. (In no means do I dislike naughty and Paps, they got me through college; but sometimes you want a change of pace). My favorite beer is the hofbräu original, but I've tried them all, and they are all top quality beer imported from Germany. They serve the beer in these huge liter glasses and gives you that European feel (So I've heard, although I've never been to Europe).

The best reason for the 4 stars is the vibe of the establishment. Everyone is merry, the music is jovial and the staff holds games throughout the night that you can play to win a glass or other prizes. Think chicken dances, holding your beer up the longest and spankings! The tables are the long type tables that force you to be cozy with your neighbors. I typically wouldn't like this, but the place has such a friendly atmosphere that it's really fun that way. 
Man, writing this post makes me want to do a quick run to Vegas...
Good food, very good beer, fun atmosphere.  Then why two stars?  The value ruins it.  They want your money and have created lots of ways to charge for it.

This place provides a fun party atmosphere where you can partake in fun German traditions and some new ones this place created, all put to loud German folk music.  If you are not much of a drunk partier, it might be over the top for you.  I don't really want to get spanked, sing songs with drunk people, try to hold up an oversized beer mugs until they drop, etc.  If you do, you will enjoy this place!

I've traveled all over Germany and this place mimics the fun beer halls of Bavaria.  I say mimic because it is fairly authentic but still a reproduction of the true festivals of Deutschland.

The food is very similar to that found in Germany but not quite as freshly prepared.  The flavors are good and most cater to the true meat eaters.  Almost all sausages and cutlets are worth trying.

But let's talk about the value.  A pint of beer costs $8 and their terrible Ice Tea almost as much (Germans don't know Iced Tea).  $20 for an entree, $6 for a salad, $1.50 for a slice of swiss cheese on the schnitzel, $2 for bread, and a whole host of other charges.  Basic food and beverages for 3 people was $78 before the tip.

Then there are all the tips.  Tip the waitress, tip the musicians (they even come around begging with their horns), tip the bathroom attendant that hands you a towell but can't keep the bathroom clean...geez, good thing I didn't valet!  You would never find this kind of pandering in Germany!  (Well, you do need to tip the bathroom attendants in Germany but at least they keep the bathrooms spotless during non-festival times.)

So, while there are good elements to this place, I don't recommend it.

If you are interested in an authentic German meal in a quieter setting, I recommend Cafe Old Heidelberg, with very authentic food (albeit, slow service) for a much better price.

Tchuss!
Nice place -- great to stop by on the way to the airport.  Very friendly staff, and the seasonal dark wheat beer is fantastic!
I usually write more in depth reviews, but this place doesn't deserve my words so it will be short. The food was doused in salt and everything was an overpriced bratwurst. The server came around once every 15 minutes; horrible service. I couldn't hear what anyone at the table was saying, including the person sitting right next to me. If I wanted to go to play drinking games and spend my night with loud obnoxious drunks, I would have stopped by UNLV and hung out at a frat house. At least I wouldn't have to pay $20 for a freaking hotdog. 

Two stars because the beer was pretty good and the building looks cool.
Ok, I have been to the real one in Munich several times and I have to say that it is my favorite place in the world to sit with friends, eat some good food and have the best beer in the world! The Hofbrauhaus in Las Vegas is a fun place to take some friends and I would recommend it to most people, but it does fall short of the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany. 

First, the bad: its pricey!!! $15 for a beer? In Germany it was less then $6 (US) but its Vegas and they are selling an experience so I get it. It cost us $180 for 4 people to eat dinner... wow, but again its Vegas. My only issue with the price is that the servers don't come around all that often so you must flag them down when you see them or you may not get another chance. Also, I didn't appreciate that after the 2nd refill on her Iced Tea my friend was told she would be charged for the next one? Seriously? At these prices she should be able to drink as much Tea as she wants. 

The Good: Its a fun party environment. Especially on the weekend! I love the euro style dining experience in the main hall because as you drink and sing along with the band (which can be a little loud) you can't help but to meet some interesting people. The garden section is also available for the more intimate dining experience and isn't nearly as loud!  Also, the food is very true to the dining experience we had in Germany. Was it as good as Munich? Maybe not, but how many German places can you find in Vegas? Fact: Google lists 7! HB, Cafe Eidalvice (SP) and 5 Weinerschnitzels... so it was good enough! 

Overall its a fun place to go every now and then, but you can also find a better dining experience for the money (think Mortons). As a substitute for flying to Munich, its totally worth it.
This is a hard one to review.

Whether you like it or not will be depend on what you're looking for when you walk in the door.  We were seated in the main dining hall and I have to say that place is LOUD.  Its not a good place to have a conversation - as a matter of fact I applaud you if you can actually have a conversation over all that noise.  Even when the band isn't playing its noisy.  I was at the end of the table and had to have others repeat what the waitress was saying because I couldn't hear her from 6 feet away.

That being said its definately a fun drinking place.  The band mostly played German beer hall songs but sometimes they'd sneak in a Sweet Caroline or a Jimmy Buffett song. 

We were a party of 6; we all ordered different things and we all were happy with our meals.  I'm not a beer drinker so I didn't sample anything but there seemed to be a good selection.

As others have said, it can be pricy depending on what you order.  I had a chicken sandwich and iced tea and my bill (incl tip) was just over $27.

Its not somewhere you'd go often but it definately has its place among eating establishments.
This place is very fun but loud!  You can buy a shot of Jager for a table guest and the must take the shot, then be spanked.  It is quite entertaining.  Don't go here if you are looking to talk to your table guest though!
I love this place. I always have a good time here. The food is very good. Everyone I have brought here has raved about the food. They have a live band playing German music. The atmosphere is very similar to a Oktoberfest. The house beer is very good too. The cheesecake is the best I have ever had. 

On this trip we started with a beer and jumbo complete pretzel. Everyone loved it, even my girlfriend who does not care for breads. The waiter was very friendly and talked with us for awhile answering all our stupid questions about Germany and it's culture. Before the food was served the band played the chicken dance. Unfortunately that night only my girlfriend and me joined the waiter to do the dance. What is up with that? 

I got the Allgauer Kasespatzle which is similar to mac and cheese. My girlfriend ordered the Munchner Weisswurste and Richard ordered the sampler plate which had sausage, pork chop, pork tenderloin, and sauerkraut. He shared the tenderloin and the review was that it is amazing. For dessert we had the cheese cake and apple strudel. 

I like to try and visit to place on every trip to Vegas. The more people in the group the better. The restaurant is in it's own building and parking is free and right next to the place. There is a gift shop too.
This place is a must if you have never been! Located diagonally across the street from the Hardrock this huge German dining hall is awesome. Ive been here two times and I love the food. the sausages are amazing! Everything I've tried is really great. They serve you beer in a half liter or a full liter. You gotta go with the full liter! There is usually a band playing German music and hosting periodic beer chugging competitions. 

This place is one big party! Great way to start a night and have dinner before you go out. A meal and a beer will run you $30-40 so it's a little on the pricey side but its Vegas!, That's not too bad at all compared to some other places.
Great German food, portions are huge. The beers are brewed on the premises noisy place, great environment to hang  out with friends.
This place was really fun!  All of the other reviewers are right, it is a bit expensive.  Good thing we decided to go for my birthday, which excuses the cost!  We spent $123 with tip but we got a 3 course meal; pretzel, 2 liter glasses of beer, the weinerschniztel plate (the only good one was the chicken sausage!) and then the pork plate with mushroom sauce and spatzel (sp?).  We also got a dessert sampler with bread pudding, apricot strudel and the hot raspberries with vanilla ice cream.

The large beers are the equivalent of two pints, meaning even at $14.50 it's still better than the normal $8 per beer Vegas pricing.  The hefeweisen was really good; not as tasty as my normal Weihenstephaner, but still very good.  

We ended up sitting in the mock "outdoor" beer garden since we didn't have a reservation.  It was still great!  It's so airy and open, if you don't look directly at the fake sky on the ceiling you could actually believe that you're outside in a place with nice weather (aka not Vegas!).  It's also a bit quieter than inside, but we didn't really care.  

On our way out, they were doing a contest to see which out of 10 women could drink their beer the fastest, with the prize being a beer stein. Of course, I didn't win but it was still very fun!  While we were there they also had a girl sitting on top of one of the horns while the guy was playing it... hilarious!!

Overall, we will definitely go back... but this time with more than just the two of us and we'll make a reservation so we can sit in the beer hall!
I was expecting such an experience and while I can say I will never forget my lunch there, I also will never return.  

Everything we had was incredibly heavy. Doused in dressing and thick sauces, it all tasted so fattening and yet somehow, flavorless.  The pretzel was probably the best thing we ordered with a "cheese" and two mustards. I put the cheese in parentheses because it tasted more like cream cheese than cheese. We shared the curry wurst to start as well. Long hot-dogs covered in a curry sort of ketchup. I liked the flavor of the ketchup, but its all so heavy and greasy that it was hard for me to move beyond that. The fries tasted like something that came out of a bad cafeteria. 

The space is pretty impressive and feels like a college dining hall. Long rectangular tables make great fun for large parties ready to embark on a German dining excursion. The best part of the lunch was when our waitress with the board she used to bring us shot glasses paddled my friends. They spank was so hard it echoed throughout the entire place.

Overall, this isn't really the type of experience I want when going to Vegas, so I probably won't return. If you know someone who is found of German food and beer, bring them here and they will love you forever. Bring someone who is on a diet and they will likely try to kill you before the meal is over...
So much fun!  So much to do and look @ and participate in.  So much.... So much!!!!  Hubby thought I should branch out and try something new.  We just weren't down for a BUUF FAT!  So we did.  We went to the house.  Boy - am I glad that we did.  It was such a treat.  We really enjoyed every bit.  The live band.  The spankings.  Oh yes - you read that right.  The SPANKINGS.  Old men, young men, women and children.  Waitresses come around with their paddle and a shot.  I'm guessing shots are optional for the wee ones.  It's as heavy as a buuf fat though.  Man.  I ordered a chicken sandwich and hubby got sausages and mashed potatoes.  Very large portions.  The appetizer pretzel we got was HUGE!  But oh so good.  We stood on tables and drank German beer.  It was such a good time.  We had a blast with just the two of us.  I can imagine the fun to be had by a large group.  Grab a good mood and run by this place for a GREAT mood!!!
If you like this sort of thing go for it but anyone with kids who know the difference between kosher hotdogs and crap should avoid the children's menu hot dog! SO disappointed at the lack of quality! Two bites and it went right into the trash. But the onion soup was edible.
Having been to the original one in Munich, I will preface that it cannot compare to the real one, but setting that aside, it does a very good job of trying to compare.  The beers are excellent and it is always great when they have the Dunkel Hefeweizen on tap.  The sausages and pretzels are done right, the spaetzel was pretty good too.  The ambiance in the hall is like a party with long tables and the band playing.  The back half is set up like a beer garden with a faux sky, much like the Venetian or Paris.  It was a lot quieter back there but we sat up front.  A fun place to hang out in Vegas!
As any Hofbrauhause establishment, prepare for good food and fun times! I'm not sure what else to say about this place that hasn't been said aside from:
- Prepare to say "Prost!" with the string of your drink
- Prepare to chicken dance between bites
- Prepare to EAT a good-sized portion of food
- Prepare to watch a stein-holding contest of participate in one if you dare. When we were there, the winner held the stein for over 15 minutes, and then went onto the national competition. If you win nationals, you go to Germany for the international competition. Insane. Fun. Cool. Go workout now.

Also appreciated the German giftshop they had near the front.
Definitely an entertaining experience.
The service was OK. 
The beer was very good, but the food.... a bit disappointing.
Hofbräuhaus Platte: salty... if you like it salty you would like it.
The potato dumplings and the red cabbage were horrible... tasteless for the dumplings and super sour for the red cabbage.
Apfelstrudel: the pastry was not cooked well.. 
Their cheesecake was amazing though...
Here it is: Go there for PORK & BEER ONLY.
The food and beer tasted good, but overpriced. German street food at a premium. The waitress steered us to more expensive choices, but not necessarily better choices. It felt more like a rainforest cafe experience than the authentic Hofbrauhaus, which I visited several years ago. Not a bad choice, but trust your instinct on the menu! Cheers!
I have mixed feelings about the Hofbrauhaus.  It's a very social bar, but it's loud.  There is live music, and beer, and decent food.  However, the food is overpriced, and the beer is uninteresting for a craft beer geek like myself.  

We went to celebrate the departure of a coworker.  I had a glass of dunkel, and a glass of the lager.  The dunkel just didn't have enough flavor for me.  I preferred the lager.  I also had a $15 poached sausage.  For two sausages and a pretzel, it just wasn't worth it.  Sure, the imported mustard was good, but not worth the price.  In fact, for 14 people, our total bill was $750.  

I think next time we will try to go somewhere worth that kind of money to spend.  It is a fun place, that is for sure.  You can buy a shot of Jagger, and you'll get spanked along with it.  All things considered though, I would just rather go somewhere else to drink beer and have a good time with friends.
Went here with a bunch of guys as part of a bachelor party.  The beer was good and plentiful, the food was very good, typical German fare.  The atmosphere was fun and the guys all had a blast.  
All of that said, it was not inexpensive.  Out the door we dropped abot $100 a head including alcohol and tip (of course there's always that one cheap assh*le who doesn't pitch in enough) but for several hours of entertainment and food I didn't think it was too crazy.  I think this is a fun place if you're with a group.  I don't think it be great if you're solo or a couple..you need a gang of folks to fill up a table and it seemed like most people had a table and pretty well stuck to themselves.
If this is real German give me ersatz.
First the rooms.
GIANT Echo Chambers!
It's if you whisper on one side of an empty room your buddy will hear you on the other acoustics.
Now add Lederhosen, oomph bands and frat boy drinkers (yes Jager Shots!) and you have the jet plane decibels that are sure to damage your hearing.
The food seems real enough but in a tourist kind of way.
I'm sure there are bus loads scarfing the stuff up in Munich but I find it hard to believe that actual natives eat it.
This joint would not be on Tony Bourdain's itinerary if you get my drift.
Unless they use actual gold flakes the brew is obscenely overpriced.
Sure it's a little better than Elis Island but it's 8 Times more money!
3 of us had 3 entrees, two beers each and we split some microwaved strudel 3 ways for dessert. 
$130 with tip!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

AUF WIEDERSEHEN!

Did I mention the creepy attendant in the men's room?
Seriously hate that especially in a Beer Hall!
Forget about Oktoberfest, it's all about SPANKfest. I have never been spanked so HARD before! If you see a German girl with a paddle, you better RUN for your lives. 

I was here for my friend's bachelor party and we had a blast. The Hofbrauhaus reminds so much of my time in Munich. You have people standing up on the benches swaying, chugging and singing German songs.  The music is arguably as much a part of the festival as the liquid gold itself.  The place is filled with happy, merry and drunken people. 

Since we had a big party, we made reservation and were seated right away. The food was very authentic. I decide to go with the Hofbräuhaus Wurstplatte, which came with 3 different types of sausages (Vienna Style Frankfuters, Pork and Chicken) with Sauerkraut and Mashed Potatoes. The sausages were DELICIOUS but I was left still hungry. I was able to fill my hunger with the 1 L of Hef beer. It pretty much HIT the spot!

The service was EXCELLENT!  Our waitresses, dressed in traditional Bavarian clothing, carried ten 1-liter beer steins in their hands. It's astounding how they can handle the weight. 

I came in sober and left tipsy and violated. What a night at the Hofbrauhaus!!!
Was in Vegas for a week for work and this was by far my favorite dinner of the week.  The food was excellent, reminded me of the days of my youth when I lived in Deutchland for a few years.  The atmosphere was authentic German fest hall and the great beer just topped it all off.

The seating is communal around some large picnic tables.  We were sitting with a nice German family who were very nice but didn't sprecken sie English

Had the Currywurst for my dinner and it was super tasty.  The German family dining next to us was eating the schnitzel and it looked really good as well.  I had trouble making up my mind when it came time to order.  No such difficulty when it came time to order my beverage.  "I'll have a liter of Hefe bitte"

They also had a pretty good umpah band playing the night we were there, with all the authentic German beer fest tunes.  Sweet Caroline, Who the F is Alice and so on...    Would not hesitate to go back here the next time I find myself in Vegas.

If you sign up for their email news letter they will send you a coupon for a free beer!!

Prosit!!
We went at 5pm on a Tuesday. So I cannot speak to the later time of day or weekend dining experience.

Food was delicious and seemed authentic to me. The red cabbage was like a sauerkraut made with red cabbage with some sugar and spice added. Interestingly tasty. Generous portions, friendly staff, great atmosphere. I would love to go back.

They had a live polka-style band. I was disappointed there was not a dance floor.

People in our party ordered sausages and a couple of the pork roast style dishes. Everyone enjoyed the food. 

One draw back was the seating along the side of the room, where we were seated. The tables can fit up to 8+ people. If you're a party of 4 they will seat another party on the other end of the table which is pushed up against the wall. Which means if you're sitting on the outside you have to get up for the other diners or you have to wait for others to get out of your way if you're seated on the inside. This is okay if you like the other people seated at your table. But if you don't like their conversation or demeanor it could get unpleasant. So I recommend making reservations as I got the impression this was "overflow" seating. The rest of the seating areas had easy access to both ends of the table.

I didn't try the beer but the drinks menu also offered some interesting brandy and digestive choices.
The atmosphere, food, and service made for one of the most fun dinners I've ever had. I loved every second I was here. This is a great place to start  the night right and is a must see. Make sure to get there before 10 pm if you plan on dining here because the dining area pretty much clears out after that.
Love this place. Authentic German hall type dining, live Polka Band- great setting, fun atmosphere (not a quiet place). I got the Jagerschnitzel which was perfectly cooked, spaetzle was dee-lish. Now the beer- the Lager was great and the Dunkel? (Dark Beer) was even better, and I am not even a dark beer person. Order a shot and get spanked with a paddle, good times. The beer, food and service could not have been better. Can't really ask for more- This place rocks!
I can't say alot about it, because we didn't eat or drink there.  We just went in for a hot second to check it out.  It was loud, not what I expected at all.  Picknic style tables.   And I guess if you order this shot, you get your butt slapped with this paddle........ummmmmm, I think I will be going to jail if they hit me with that paddle!  I guess it's all in fun for the people that order it....but if they hit me.......it's on, and I will be asking my fellow yelpers to post to post my bond!  lol lol
yay I'm a fan of the place. Service and the food were on the Subpar & Meh side respectively.

If you like sing-a-long bars mixed with shots, spanking, and beer this is your place!!!! Closest to Irish Kevin's in Key West that I've found.

Our waitress was slower than a one man paper hanger.  I actually left the restaurant to go to the bar to get another drink, she sucked.  The meat in my dish was good, but the potatoes were undercooked, the celery was pretty much raw, and sadly the red cabbage had too much cinnamon or nutmeg in it for my taste.  The beer was great, once I got it.

The apple streusel dessert was on point though & so was the Spätzle.
Always Always a great time. 
As I have noted in previous reviews (Der Biergarten in Atlanta)...........the States need more beer garden type places. 
What better that Pork Products + Liters of Beer + Picnic Tables. 
The ladies who go around and spank people are another added bonus. 

A riot..always fun to sing along with the band.
End of September is the start of Oktoberfest and it is only right to stop by Las Vegas' most popular Bavarian eatery. The large communal dining area are filled with tables and benches. Unless you come with a large party, there is a chance that you will sit next to random strangers. This style of dining has seriously caught my interest as of late because I am always interested in other patrons thought on menu items. 

The waitresses are all dressed up in country style outfits. Looking around, they reminded me of a more natural attractive look than places on the strip. Our waitress was pushy in a playful way and quick to guide us to some of their most popular dishes. 

The beers and food are on the pricey side. They highly rely on their touristy appeal. With the prices comes a relatively large portion as well. We started with two half liters of the Oktoberfest beer and their signature soft pretzel with a sweet mustard, spicy mustard, and a cheese spread made from cream cheese and brie. This was magnificent. At first, I was hesitant because the size of our neighbors pretzel was huge. I did not want to load up on unnecessary carbs, but once it hit our table, it stood no chance. 

Once the doughy treat was devoured, we ordered the three pork sausages served with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes. The warm pickled cabbage was good, but the mash had very little flavor besides cream. The pork sausages were mild and tender. 

I am normally not a fan of this cuisine because it is on the heavy side. Splitting an appetizer and an entree was enough for two of us. There was no real big complaints about the experience, but it was just ok.
Came here with a large group of people again because it was pre-arranged, dinner was from their prix fix menu. I really didn't like the food much, nor my riesling, tasted like water... Now you wonder why I still give this place a 4 star (as opposed to @#%#@$)? Other than the food, this place was so much fun! There was so much going on, singing, activities, beer holding, butt spanking by the hot waitresses.... LOL! By the time we were leaving, the people that were sitting where the stage was all stood on their tables and benches - DANCING and SINGING! It's a super fun place if you enjoy beer in a casual environment. I would come here again but only for the fun, not for the food.
This restaurant and beer hall is probably one of the most authentic German establishments I have visited in the U.S.  Great atmosphere, great food, and great beer as well.  The Oktoberfest brew was right on par with great German beer.  I hope you don't mind sitting, eating, and drinking next to complete strangers, because that's exactly what you'll be doing!  It's a lot of fun though and I enjoyed getting my fellow diner's perspectives.   The dishes on the menu are typical of those you would find in Southern Germany, with lots of sausage and pork.  I had the Reisenbratwurst with fries and a cup of potato soup. I would very gladly go back several times just to try out some of the other items on the menu.
So fun!! Love the main hall and all the communal chatter. We met such interesting people! Lots of oompa music and raising of mugs. I had a great time and I'm not a beer drinker.
My wife and I went to the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich Germany and although it's not exactly the same, it's very close!  I've been to the one in Vegas twice and both times it was a good time and the food was great.  Go there with a group of friends and sit near the front of the restaurant on the long wooden tables or if it's just you and someone else there is a quieter more charming back room. Enjoy!
Fun atmosphere, great Beer, live music.  We had a great time with my in-laws here. 

Get the giant pretzel appetizer, the biggest beer, a dish with sauerkraut,  and sit back people watch and have great conversations in the beer hall.
This place is dece.
Great food , live music. Lots of fun
Fun for all and mostly going there with friends! Good beer and lots german activity!
We got the (secret item) sausage plate for two, 2 mini beers which we had coupons for, 1 big beer and their cheesecake. It wasn't screaming Vegas to me but it was nice to see a little Munich. I found it super cute to see how they tried really hard to mimic Munich's Hofbrauhaus beer garden. They had a smaller version of the fountain and 2nd story seating and painted clouds. I almost shed a tear. AWWW.
The beer, kraut, and sausages are all legit.  Their potato salad was tasty.  I'd definitely like to go back there with a large group and get rowdy.
This place is always great! Beer is excellent, and comes by the liter or half liter, there is good entertainment and contests!
I never realized how popular this place was until I came here with about 20 friends during a bachelor party. The place was packed and rocking on a Saturday night. We were seated in the main hall where there was music, singing, beer contests, and other events that made the night quite eventful. We had the Jager girl come by a few time to give the bachelor a few shots and a few slaps with the paddle. 

The beer and food were flowing for our group and this is definitely a place to drink a lot of beer in large steins, sing random songs, and meet random people.
An oasis of authenticity in a city full of sleaze. Check out what's seasonal at the moment.  This is the real deal.
The food is pretty good German food, and The Beer is Hofbrau so it's great. The staff is good and the experience with the live German bands always makes for a good time. Just dont order a shot of Jager from the Jager girl or she'll paddle you as hard as she can, happenned to me and I bought the t-shirt. Make sure you bring your drinking shoes.
We had a 40th birthday here on Oct 29.  It seemed ok until the no brainer waiters and waitresses cleaned up out memory card away from the table!! All the pictures that we had for that special day were gone in a second. No ones seemed understand how important that event were. The waitresses ignored to response when we asked to find the memory card. We had worst experience birthday party there. We should have gone to some other places that show professionally! 20 of us were so disappointed!! It turned out really BAD! The food were salty and poorly!! Not worth any penny.  We WILL NOT recommend this place to anyone in our network to go there  again! This place WILL NOT goes far....
This place is awesome if you go with a large group and drink loads of beer together, but the food is a real hit or miss. The music makes the drinking all the more enjoyable.
TUBAS AND BEER!

Been here quite a few times in my adult life and love every minute of it. Went recently for the Oktoberfest celebration...what a hoot!

I have been to Europe but never to Germany so I can't give one of those reviews on how authentic this place is. 

The BEER OH the BEER! First of all, if you order anything less than 1 liter then you don't belong at the Hofbrauhaus. Depending on the type of beer each liter runs around $17. Sure it's pricey but you really are paying for the atmosphere and entertainment. The whole place is lined with long tables/benches which help create the ambiance of a German beer house. 

A German band complete with tuba normally plays and encourages more drinking. My favorite is when they come around with the tuba and you must hurl your change into it's opening. So much fun with a beer in hand. The band plays traditional German music as well as the occasional cover song. Journey's "Don't Stop Believing" with tuba backup= Amazing!

You can volunteer (or a friend can volunteer you) to have your booty paddled by one of the many waitresses. I saw an old man get paddled the other night and thought he may have a heart attack. But he survived!! 

The food is pretty descent but is pricey at about $18-$20/dish. I've ordered the traditional wienerschnitzel which is battered pork fried to crispy perfection. I normally don't get a full meal here since my friends and I mainly come here to drink. You can order a large pretzel with assorted mustards and cheese for less than 10 bucks. Also the fries with the cheese are a good beer-soaking snack. 

All in all the Hofbrauhaus is a fun place to celebrate birthdays, bachelor parties, and I even saw a group celebrating their 40th high school reunion. Also it's just fun to drink and be belligerent where it is encouraged!
Service:  Maybe our waitress had an off night or a tough crowd, but unfortunately her attitude/service was not all there. 

Food:  I never experience German food before so I had no expectations.  The food was bland, small and pricey for what they served IMO.  

Drinks:  The beer was not bad, as this is a drinking place.

Ambiance:  Visiting this place does have a good ambiance with ok decor.

Overall:  I would not come back to this place as there are many other bars to go to in Vegas.  This was one of those "hey lets check it out" type of thing.
Been there many times. Great food. I love their Friday lunch special: Fried cod and their German potato salad is the best potato salad I have ever had. The waitress's are fast and friendly.
Great atmosphere, great beer, average food!

Went here with a large group and had a blast. The huge beers were a big hit with the group (Bunch of Germans). As was the spankings! LOL! I personally enjoyed the dunkel but, to each their own taste when it comes to beer.

The staff was attractive, attentive and personable. The band, while kind of cheesy, was fun and enjoyable. The food, not bad, typical American German beer garden fare. Couldn't tell you exactly what it was that we ate as it was already ordered for the group but, we had the pretzels (Damn good), a sliced meat plate (ehh) a sausage plate (so so, some of them looked like hot dogs) and the struesel (too many beers to remember how it tasted).

All in all a good time and I would recomend anyone to give it a shot.
Went here with a large group after a wedding ... and thought it was just "meh".  Like others have said, its pretty tight in the front of the restaurant and once you get into your bench seat, you're pretty stuck.  

The food was edible.  The drinks were good.  (only 3 types of beer)  And the spankings - you couldn't pay me to get one of those.  Those girls who give the spankings must love their job and wow, they seriously spank.  OUCH!  

Perhaps we were there too early (from 5-7pm) because it didn't seem like the party was going on yet.
Crazy,Loud, Rowdy, Fun place! Food is gross and expensive, but the soft pretzel is good. I dare you to do a shot! We danced on the tables and sang with the band.  Everyone is wasted by the end of the night........ Hilarious!
HOFBRAUHAUS!!!
Yell it like Schwarzenegger running into a copter. 
We rolled up in a huge limo with a fireplace for $40 bucks. 
Entered into a huge hall of loud, piping polka music and more 1L beer mugs than I imagined heaven would have. 
Bought Jager shots from the lady with the paddle. 
Got spanked by the lady with the paddle. 
Ate sausages. Drank beer. Got randomly pulled into a beer holding contest that I thought was a beer DRINKING contest. 

Only in Vegas.
Great for big groups! The food is well massively produced, somewhat bland, but try the 3 tier taster. It has different sausages. But mainly go for the beer!
The food and beer are great. Every time I visit Vegas I have to stop by and have my favorite dishes and a beer. I usually have the jagerschnitzel it's one of my favorites. I've been to the one in Munich also and it's just like being there.
Is there better pre-going-out food than sausage, spaetzle, mashed potatoes and sweet cabbage?  The answer, young padawan...is no. No, there is not.

I visited HBLV post-Ghost Bar Day Club and pre-heading out for the night. Best decision of our trip.  Definitely recommend the veal bratwurst and cabbage plate (Majoram Plate).  Beer was tasty, cold, and large and we were able to purchase a paddling along with a shot for the gentlemen in our group, which was definitely entertaining.  

Fun, unpretentious atmosphere and super tasty eats.  Ideal if you're staying at the Hard Rock, as it's right across the street.
Extremely over priced. 2 bratwurst and a pretzel dinner meal for $14. Pretzel was cold and bratwurst was bland. Nothing special. Service was a 3 out of 5. This is a place that you visit only once just for the experience.
The Schnitzelmann hates what he must do here because he really believes in supporting unique places, especially one of only two authentic German restaurants in town. But if he is honest, 2 stars is about what the place is worth after deductions for the following:

One star must be deducted because of the exaggerated prices, which have risen regularly since the restaurant opened. Authentic ethnic cuisine can be had - even imported items - for lower prices than this at other off-Strip restaurants. The Schnitzelmann suspects that the Hofbräuhaus is mercilessly targeting one-time tourists, ignoring locals and practicing monopoly-driven price inflation such that if in Germany, the Bundesbank would immediately intervene. 

Another star must be deducted for the noise level, particularly evenings. The Schnitzelmann has been to the original Hofbräuhaus in München and can verify the music in Las Vegas is authentic, but significantly louder than in the Old Country. It is near-impossible to have any sort of dinner conversation with bands imported from Deutschland playing "Hang on Sloopy," "Country Roads" and other obscure hits amplified to ensure maximum volume. 

A final star must be deducted for the service. The Schnitzelmann has known several of the waitresses personally and agrees they are of the finest personality away from the restaurant. Inside, though, the management seems to dictate that most wait staff push the more expensive items, rush customers out the door if they have not bought food or drink within a given amount of time, and be somewhat inflexible as regards splitting the bill. Always? No. But too regularly to ignore.

So we are left with two stars. One is for the high-quality food- all the items that can be are imported from Germany, including the fine beers on tap, and the Schnitzelmann has never had a bad schnitzel, wurst plate or even salad here. The two potato salads on offer are also quite good and the Kaiserschmarrn dessert is made just as in Mad King Ludwig of Bavaria's day.

One star is granted for the party-hearty atmosphere. The Schnitzelmann celebrated his bachelor party here and the long benches and tables and free-flowing beer made it easy to make new friends and revel in the waitresses spanking customers who request it. The same atmosphere (minus spankings) can be had during World Cup and European Cup Fussball matches, which are televised live and to which many knowledgeable and enthusiastic German fans come. 

But as regularly as Schnitzelmann comes here, there is always a sense afterwards he could have spent his time and money better elsewhere and that were he not such a fan of German culture and were there other German places in town, he would be at the Hofbräuhaus considerably less often.
A new favorite spot in Vegas! Super fun atmosphere combined with excellent beer & food. We met 3 German tourists while there, despite their broken English, we determined that everything is authentic. Will be back for sure.
I love this place- the German beer and the pretzels. Especially the pretzels- one of the tastiest pretzels I have ever had. There was a large group of us- all very drunk as part of a bachelor party. The waitstaff was patent with us, as Vegas is all about drunken douchebags causing problems. Eventually, after several Nazi jokes and broken steins, we got kicked out. What was painful was that we got some glass in the food of the table next to us, and they stuck us with part of their bill....
This is one of my favorite restaurants ANYWHERE.  So good. So fun.
Expensive. Ok I don't know a real brat if it fell and hit me on the head, but $15 for three brats, some sauerkraut and mash? Great atmosphere, beer looked awesome but I'm not spending $30 with tip for a beer and German hot dogs.
Blah. The one in Newport is so much better. My waitress might have possibly tried to mislead me on pricing on purpose.  I complained and got my way though. She was rather " abrasive " and fake. These prices are insane btw... Especially for being off of the strip. Good beer though, as always.
My friend and I ate here before going to see the magician Jan Rouven.  What a great, German-themed evening!

This was our first visit to Hofbrauhaus and were instantly impressed by the design of the building.  We recently visited Germany and it reminded us of some of the towns we visited.  Our waitress, Michelle, was super friendly and helpful.  She was actually from Germany and we talked about some of the places we visited.

The food was great and there is a large selection.  Definitely try the kasespatzle, which was one of my favorite dishes in Germany and they do a great job with it at Hofbrauhaus.

Tip...the Hofbrauhaus website will give you a coupon for a free beer if you sign-up for their newsletter.
Best time ever. 4.5 hours of beer drinking goodness. I would come here every time I go to Vegas. 

100% good for big groups!
I'll be honest, this review may be a bit fuzzy as it's the only way to truly appreciate the Hofbrauhaus experience.

Depending on who you're with and what kind of party you're looking for.. starting with a "boot" might not be the best idea but it is definitely a bonding experience (insert fun drinking game here).  

The Hofbräu Dunkel is my favorite beer.. and I like the Jumbo Complete (Giant Pretzel w/ cheese and mustard) to snack on while i pretend I'm German for a few hours.

The band is corny but fun - have at it!
Nice crowd and a fun time if you don't take yourself too seriously. Beer is very good. Food is very good. Schnitzel and sausage are both well executed. Sides (spetzle, potato salad, red beet salad, cucumber salad) shine especially brightly.  Delicious. Service is with a cheeky smile.  Gift shop is kitchy fun.  Apparently there is some way that you can convince the waitresses to hit you on the backside with a wooden paddle. It's apparently a traditional thing.  Hilarity ensues.
I'm not quite sure how to rate this.  In Germany this food would be 2 star food at best.  Add on another star for the live music.  IF you've never been to the real one, this is 4 or 5 stars.
Neat place in Vegas away from all the casinos for some good beer and German food....
I"m still a fan!

Went last Saturday night. Definitely not as crowded as it is during Oktoberfest. But the beer was still good and the food was very tasty!

Great sing along place if you want to chill, laugh, and drink a beer. It's caddy corner to the Hardrock Hotel .
I am so torn...I really want to like this place. The beer is good, not too expensive either. The atmosphere is festive but tries too hard, in my humble opinion. The service was good. The food....that's where they lose me. I won't travel off the strip unless the place offers 1. great service 2. good drinks 3. good food and 4. a good atmosphere. This place misses the mark on the food and the other three things aren't enough to compensate.
I have been several times to the original in Munich. Also been to the one in Milwaukee and Newport, KY. So I had a pretty good idea how this should be. It was good. The beer was excellent, so was the weisswurst, pretzels and apfel strudel. The house band was good and made up of real Germans. Expensive. Yes its Vegas so I expected it. The "mas" or liter mugs of beer are like $15 each. I know it holds three beers but it took no time at all to spend $50 on beer before we even ate. If you order a shot here, a waitress swats your butt with a big paddle. Its some tradition they spoke about but I have to say I have never seen that happen at the Hofbrau in Munich.
For a place where people are chugging beer, standing on tables, and getting spanked with wood paddles, it sure is well-lit!


Having been to the Hofbrauhaus in Munich, and Chicago, I was expecting a raucous time with lots of singing and beer.  This is exactly what I got when I walked into the Las Vegas location.  

Come here for the beer and the ambience.  This is the type of place where it's almost guaranteed you'll be singing "Sweet Caroline,"  at some point in the night; Is there anything else you need for a great time?  BAH-BAH-BAAAH!!!  (Go ahead and belt out the chorus real quick, it can't hurt)

The beer is good, you can drink out of a glass boot, you can get a shot of Jagr (which is punishment enough) followed by a "Dazed and Confused-esque" paddling.  These waitresses don't mess around either, you can hear the slaps of wood on clothed butt cheeks echo through out the hall.  

I would recommend avoiding the food, as it's a bit on the pricey side (the pretzels are great though) and coming here to socialize, enjoy some beer, and good music played by the band.  It does get loud, but if you're looking for a quiet place to drink beer and sing, check out the reference section of the library.
I lived in Germany for 6 years, and I love my German food. I know the owners put a lot of effort into the place, but I just can't dig it.

Hofbrauhaus Vegas is a great place to celebrate a birthday raucously. The Jaeger girls will gladly spank birthday boys, and the band usually makes the bachelorettes and birthday girls enjoy a special Alpenhorn (the things from the Ricola commercials) concert up close and personal. If you're up for fun and things that are supposed to be slightly embarrassing, this is the place. Just don't expect to have a conversation - the place echoes like the dickens.

The interior is a good replica of the original, but without the spurs of years of smoke and habitation. There walls are a warm color, and there's German-style painting near and on the ceiling. The stage plays host to German bands on the weekends. It's not unusual to see a few German couples dancing the Disco Fox to "Living Next Door to Alice" or "Ein Bett im Kornfeld." The band plays a mix of German and English pop, so don't be scared off by a few German titles.

The "beer garden" area doesn't echo as much, and it's a much more relaxed atmosphere. It's not actually outside, though, which is slightly disappointing.

Usually, the food is excellent, but at my most recent meal, the red cabbage, my favorite German food, was spicy, as if someone had added Siracha. I couldn't even eat it. Sad panda! The potato pancakes with salmon were excellent, and the salmon was fresh and sushi-quality.

There's valet parking, but most folks usually park across the street at Walgreens. Between the parking, the noise, and now the spicy red cabbage, I'd recommend other places.
Robin leach tapping a keg, fun and tasty chow
I think I wrote a review a few years ago when we dined here, but here it goes again. Once again, it's terrible as far as noise goes, the high ceiling with it's concaved domes seem to amplify conversations by 90%. The place was less than 1/4 full and the wall of noise is deafening. They are even piping in muzak of some kind when the Ommp pa pa music isn't playing. The food is good, but kind of overpriced for what it is. Seems dinner entress are about $19.95 a plate. The genuine beer from Munich is really a treat, but I can't even tell my wife I like the beer without having to yell! Maybe I can text a conversation with her the next time I dine there?
As long as I have lived in Las Vegas I had never dined at Hofbrauhaus. Very glad to say I have finally done so and look forward to going back again! Have plenty of friends who rave about it and it lived up to my expectations. 

Service was great, staff were friendly and helpful. Food was great. I along with a few friends ordered #365. They always order that and after checking the menu I decided to give it a try. Loved it. 

This is not for a quiet dinner. If that is what you were looking for then you chose wrong and it's not their fault. That's like saying you go to Oktoberfest to read books and relax. No, you go to have fun and drink. That is what Hofbrauhaus provides. A fun place for drinking and good German food. Very simple formula and since it's been here for quite a few years now, they must be doing it right. 

Look forward to going back again soon!
I would say that the food here is just ok...a lot of it seems like it is pre-made. Most people come here for the Hofbrau Hefe-Weitzen on tap which cannot be found many places in the United States. 

I really like the fact that they have a beer hall (very loud) and a beer garden (more quiet)
Big portions of German beer hall type foods - wursts, snitzels, and lots and lots of beer.

Buy a shot and get a free paddling!

Loud community type dining hall.  Good place to have fun if you get drunk.
Absolutely delicious beer, the lager and dunkel were both perfect.  Food was extremely delicious.  Shots of jäger will earn you a spanking from the paddle so be weary.
SPECTACULAR! 

HB is quite possibly the most fun you can have in LV with your clothes on. 

The chicken schnitzel sammich is one of the best chicken sammiches you'll ever have! The beers are fresh, cold, and authentic. 

The waitresses wear traditional Bavarian garb. (Test your willpower: look them in the eyes.) 

The oompah band is excellent -- even if they won't play "Freeburd." The audience participation and contests are a hoot! 

The HB us exceptionally clean. 

The ceiling is a painted with Bavarian art. 

The Jaegermeister lady is delightful, even if she carries a BIG paddle. 

The only detractor is that it's a little loud. 

Michelle -- what a great waitress! 

Nevada is an open carry state: Jaegermeister in a holster and paddles in aprons.
I went there last weekend on my way to the airport.  I had the best time here on that  Sunday afternoon.  The entertainment was fun and Ute was the best!  Next time I go to Vegas this will be my first stop for sure!
So the Jägerschnitzel I had was ok but nothing spectacular, now the spätzle, again weren't that impressive either. So the price/quality ratio was poor at best. I paid $40 for the Schnitzel with Spätzle, a soda and a piece of black forest cake. So the place is certainly way overpriced for the quality of food that they provide. I've had much better German food in the U.S. The only positive really was that the black forest cake was unbelievable, yet expensive as everything else. Being German and expecting good and authentic German food, I left disappointed.
The food and beer all taste OK. Nothing mindblasting. About 3 stars. Why did I give it an additional 2 stars? The entertainment! It's a cool place to bring out of town guests and have a blast. It's also a cool place to bring your significant other if they've been bad. Trick them into thinking they can have all this beer and once they are woozy you can trick them into getting a Yager shot/Paddle spanking! Haha, it was hilarious watching all these men getting paddled by the waitresses. There was yelping left and right and some guys even went for seconds! We convinced our guys to get a group spanking and one of them still had an imprint the next day! Haha awesome!
I have been in Vegas 22 years and have never eaten here....wow....LOVED IT! The meet melted in my mouth, everything was fabulous!! The shot girl gives spankings....hilarious! Excellent service, excellent food, was not super expensive....just all around super duper great!!!!! I will def go there again, will recommend to friends and strangers!!!!
HB earned 4 stars for their fun and laid-back atmosphere. This is a great place to drink some beer, get rowdy, and re-visit your college partying days.

As for the food, I would give them 3 stars. HB does have an extremely vast variety of different sausages and brats, however I like my brats to have a char on the outside for some crunch. Even though I asked for my sausages to be grilled... there were no grill marks to be seen, and the outside didn't have any hint of a crust. 

Another huge flaw in my book is that their pretzels weren't warm! Cold pretzels are hard and chewy! If they had just toasted them a bit, it would have made a world of difference. 

However, I feel overall that this is a great fun place to hang out with friends and drink a belly-bursting amount of beer. But foodwise, HB fell a little short for me.
The atmosphere here is awesome! Now don't expect a fine dining experience. You can expect full liters of beer, delicious wieners, German music, and a whole lotta lederhosen. This review may be a little bias due to me deep love for all things German. If you like German food and happen to be in Vegas stop by the Hofbrauhaus!
The "Hof" ( we are going to call it that because Hofbrauhaus is way to hard to say and spell) is located in Las Vegas, Nevada across from the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino off from Harmon Avenue. Its a German Ale House with a great Bavarian menu.  The Hof has family style seating which basically means bring your Family or if you don't have a family to bring, prepare to be introduced to a replacement family for your meal. As luck would have it, Simone and I went for lunch around 2:00pm and the place was almost empty so we didn't have to worry about being social with the sin city natives. After much analyzing of the menu we decided to start with the "Obatzer" appetizer. Lucky for my waitress she didn't have to worry about my total butchering of the German language as there were numbers that went along with each menu item for ease of translation. The "Obtazer" is a hand made warm German pretzel served with a Brie Cheese and Buttered Onion Dip. The dip was rich and creamy and totally went with the pretzel. There was dip left over after the pretzel was gone so the wife and I very elegantly stuck the rest on top of our knives and proceeded to stick it down our throats. Although the choking seemed to be distracting to the other guests we definitely enjoyed our appetizer down to the last knife full.
For the entrees Simone ordered the "Allgaur Kasespatzle". It was a German style Mac and Cheese made with mini German Spaetzle dumplings, Swiss, Brie, and again, those luscious buttered onions. It was creamy and rich with just the right amount of onion flavor. Although Simone could not finish it, due to the earlier appetizer gluttony, i gladly helped her out. For my own entree i choose the "Nurnberger Rostbratwurst". The dish consisted of 3 grilled Bratwurst resting on a bed of fresh sauerkraut and mashed potatoes with a beer gravy. The flavors went together perfectly and complimented each other well. The Potatoes were creamy with a hint of Garlic , the brats were seasoned perfectly, and the sauerkraut was just sour enough but didn't overpower the dish. I completely cleaned the plate and also finished off my side of fluffy spaetzle drizzled in butter and parsley.  My only regret about this meal is I had no more room in the stomach for German beer or dessert. I will definitely try some when I come back during my next Vegas Visit. This was excellent food in a great and fun setting off from the Vegas Strip.
Super lunch, jaegerschnitzel and spatzle was wunderbar!  In fact , alles ist wunderbar, bitte kommen Sie und genießen Sie die schönen Mädchen und Kellnerinnen.

Um-pa-pa um-pa-pa!!
Love, love, love this place!  

Perfect for groups!

I bring participants here after seminars.
My friends and I came here on 3/12/12 for dinner and drinks! 

As we were walking up to the place I heard live music, so I already knew it was going to be a good time. It's a huge white building with lit blue neon lights when it's dinner time. Once we got in I noticed a full bar and gift shop. We were seated quickly in what was like a Hogwarts type dinning hall, at least in my buzzed opinion. The ceilings are high and the tables and chairs are made of pure wood. They also have a stage set up for the music! 

Straight up Yelp, I had a 5 star time with 3 star food. 

The night we came there was a great crowd. The place was jamming, food was being served every minute, and people were taking shots of Jägermeister before getting spanked with a wooden paddle, hard. 

Before we ordered our food we started with a 2 Liter boot of Hefeweizen each. These were pretty fun and definitely pack a punch. I can't remember exactly what my meal was called but it was 2 grilled veal sausages, a little lettuce, tomato, onion, and a pretzel with dipping sauce. The sausages were good but just didn't taste or look grilled. My pretzel could have been a bit warmer as well. The food was not horrible, just missing something. 

I had a great time here. I will be back for another boot and to try more items off the menu.
I came here after going to another bar for dinner.  It was so much fun!  They had this band that was playing great songs (Sweet Caroline was the first one they played when I got in there...THAT is fun to sing with a giant beer glass in hand...swinging it above your head).  They had a two story horn, similar to the Ricolla commercials, that they blew after hoisting it toward the ceiling.

There is a woman that walks around with test tubes and a bottle of Jaeger.  Should you buy a shot from this well-muscled woman, she makes you stand, with your hands on the end of the table, whilst she paddles you.  She does not hold back.  Apparently, in my highly inebriated state, I did not think she was hitting me hard enough, and asked her to paddle me and hard as she did the boys.  MAN did that sucker hurt!  SO much fun, though!

Also in my highly inebriated state, I convinced myself that I am fully bilingual and talked to a German man in, what I thought was, perfect Spanish.  Also, while swinging my giant beer mug where I thought was over my head, I smacked it into my tooth and it chipped.  I didn't fully remember this until the next morning when I found the chip.  This is besides the point, but pretty amusing to my bar-mates and I.  

The food...I had some kind of cheese vegetarian thing.  I can't remember even vaguely was it was called, but it was so, so delicious, with shoe string onions on it!  Everyone in my party really liked their food.
If you are looking for a "quite" or romantic dinner, Hofbrauhaus is definitely not the right spot for you. The food is not the main reason to drag anyone to the restaurant either. However, Bavaria is not known for its culinary.  Don't get me wrong, the place is a unique experience: Loud music, Good beer and - if u are lucky, like I was - there will be a few groups of germans standing on the tables while singing and dancing and  you could also share one of the big tables with friendly, talkative bavarian folks. 

When it comes to the food: try the brats. The variety is not vast, but they are tasty and a good side of Germany. And the pretzels worth the try too. Don't forget the mustard and the obazda sauce. 

The service is not the strongest point: it took over 10 minutes to be greeted by anyone, another 10 minutes to get our beer and about half and hour to get the food. The wait wasn't bothering me much while my 1 liter beer was full and I was enjoining the music and the german bachelor party group next table, but then a sad thing happen: no one asked to refill our beers for the next hour, and when the server did, it took a while to come. 

Don't get scared when the bill comes. Just the pretzel itself is about $ 12, the beer $ 15... so... expect to spend from $50-$100 a person.

FINAL SCORE: 
FOOD: 3 stars
SERVICE: 3 stars 
AMBIENCE: 5 star
You really have to be in the mood for this place.  And if you are in the mood, be prepared to face a monster bill.  

I've been here 4 times, and every time the main hall has been super noisy.  Partly because of the band and partly because of the general rowdiness.  The beer garden is much more subdued, but kind of defeats the point.  

Usually I only come here for going away parties or because out of towners want to celebrate all that is Vegas.  In my experience, the servers really push the large beers and shots, with spankings, which are about $7 a piece.  Let me explain.

A shot girl, or your server if you prefer, will bring you a shot of apple schnapps or Jager on a paddle.  You drink the shot and then they hit you in the ass with the paddle a few times.  

It's actually more organized than you would think.  The servers have always been meticulous about how the "patron" bends over to take their spanking, arm position, no wallets, etc. So, if the person is drunk, it takes a good five minutes to get them in the right position to get them spanked.  Usually about three spankings are given, but I've seen them do more if they don't think they hit you hard enough.  If everyone is in a fun-loving and/or abusive mood, then the spankings will add up (and the tips given to the spankers) pretty quickly.

Lots of songs, lots of singing, lots of stein holding contests and beer chugging contests.  Things can get ugly fast.  The restrooms are small, which seems incompatible with the excessive alcohol consumption encouraged, but I haven't seen any mishaps either. 

Food is ok.  We usually get the giant pretzels with cheese whiz.  Nothing special. 

Gratuity is always added onto the bill.  It's pretty obvious on the bill and the servers have always let us know, but that's something to remember in case your party is too drunk to listen or read.  Only go here if you are in a good mood and ready to have a good time.  Poopy pants will ruin it for everyone.
Food was quite good, nice sausages, killer potato soup (definitely order this if you're looking for a good meal, the potato soup alone is worth schlepping over from the strip to this place). 

Nice waitstaff, but 'service' is abnormally slow, even at off-peak hours. We watched one waitress flirt nearly continuously with a single table of patrons, as two other waitresses managed multiple tables (one appeared to have a majority of them and was doing the best she could while the other two were focused on some tables with heavy, heavy drinking going on). 

Basically it looked like the more you drink, the more attention you'll get from the waitstaff. Which I suppose makes sense, as that's where they're going to make most of their money as the booze aint cheap. 

Noisy as well. 

I've also been one previous time and have seen the house band. If you want a (relatively) quiet dinner while they're playing, you'll need to go to the beer garden. If you want to get rip roaringly drunk and don't care about making an &ss out of yourself in public, then go for the main room and try to get there when the band is playing. Their schedule is on the website.
We absolutely love Hofbrauhaus, and always make it a point to swing by here whenever we're in vegas.  Nothing beats a cold stein of Dünkelweis and a plate of Jagerschnitzel acoompanied by live German bands and 30 foot horns!
The iconic Hofbrahaus is well known to any long time vegas resident. It's that beautiful white building on the corner of paradise and harmon. For those of you who haven't been there, let me tell you what to expect.
It's beautiful on the inside as well-- designed to look like a real german (or Austrian?) beer house. There are large painted pillars abound and a blissfully peaceful looking beer garden in the back. The waitresses all wear authentic german garb and the gift shop offers large glass steins for sale. 
First off, let me tell you that the food is not fantastic. Even if you are a bratwurst fan, I don't think you'll be blown away by the cuisine-- but i suppose that depends on your tastes. I'm not impressed with their pretzel or any of their chicken dishes either. It's not terrible but it just isn't that great. Of course, you don't really come to this place for the food.
Then there is the service, which again, isn't really that great. The waitresses are a step up above the ones who work at Hooters but not quite as competent as those working at your local family style chain restaurant. They tend to be painfully slow and often mix up orders when bringing them back to the table. 
And of course, the actual beer. It's good quality brew but it doesn't really impress me either. I've had their lager, dark ale, and hefeweizen. I'm begrudged to admit that their hefeweizen is hardly better than the Widmer you can buy at your local Albertsons or Wal-Mart. But you could argue that you really don't come here for the beer either-- you're here for the package it comes in. 
This is one of the most fun environments for a moderate to large group that you can find in Vegas. The live band plays plenty of recognizable tunes for singing along with,  the birthday boy/girl is encouraged to drink from Das Boot (ala Beer Fest), the drinking games on stage are tons of fun and of course, there is MC Johannes. Johannes may well be the funniest man of german descent ever to grace to earth.  His crude sense of humor tends to play better with the male dominated audience but I'm sure the ladies appreciate him as well. His comedy is mostly off the cuff, as can be observed by the way he interacts with the various patrons. Anytime a member of your partner is interacting with Johannes, you can expect to find yourself bursting out in laughter. 
The bill unforunately, is not so funny. You'll find that their food is overpriced and their beer isn't really that affordable either. Still, the birthday boy/girl will be overjoyed that you treated them to this place so it ultimately is worth it. Come here for the beer, stay for the atmosphere.
Love, love, love this place! Such a great atomsphere and the food is really good as well! Don't forget to buy a jager shot and get spanked. Really great place to go to with friends.
Comes for the beer and stay for the...beer! Okay, this is a fun place to come to and be rowdy. The vibe is lively and fun and the entertainers do a good job engaging the patrons. It is definitely not a quiet dinner and conversation type of place, so don't come here expecting to really carry on any deep and meaningful conversations. The strength lies in the beer and the experience. The food is really marginal at best and the prices are at about $20 a plate. I probably won't have food when I go back, but will indulge in a liter stein of beer..or four!
Pretty expensive, and if you like to drink a lot, you're going to drop some serious coin.  But all in all not a bad place to get away from the strip for a bit.  The amount of fun you have at this place will probably be directly correlated with how many people you are with.
If you are staying on the strip, it's kind of a pain to come out here. We took a cab on a Saturday afternoon and I was expecting it to be very lively but it was very mild. It was half filled and no one seemed to be in the spirit. Mainly couples and some groups of guys. The beer was so good though. The food was so rich nobody in our party felt good after wards. I honestly would have just been happy splitting one of their delicious pretzels.
First German food I had. The jäger schizel was good and service was fast.  I think I would go back the pretzel looked good.
Great place for large groups.  Food was really good.  Beer was great.  Great overall experience.  Just don't get paddled!
How can you go wrong with beer, live music, German food, and good friends?!?!?

You simply can't!

Make reservations and bring your friends to this joint! It's a must! I've been to Germany and this brought me back to my trip. It was such a lively atmosphere! The food is yum and tons and tons of choices to choose from!

Order this one shot where they surprise your friend with the shot and gives him/her a nice hard SPANKING with a wooden paddle!! It's hilarious and I heard it can really hurt! But maybe if you drink enough, you won't even notice!! :P

I loved it when the whole place started singing together! It's so much fun and I would totally come back here in a heartbeat with the right group of friends who know how to have some fun!
Always a lot of fun!  Beer and sausage!  Friendly staff.  Usually there's a band or a guy playing music.  Today I had sausage and mashed potatoes and won a beer chugging contest!  Won a free stein and a nice buzz!
The pork shank was delicious. And I'm normally not a fan of dark beer, by theirs was pretty good (dunkel?). If you are planning on eating here, I suggest that you try to make reservations for the main dining hall. The atmosphere there is a lot more festive.
This place was sooooo much fun.  It was the best fun I had in Vegas the 5 days I was there.  I don't go to  "Adult" clubs or those sorts of places.
The service here was outstanding -Jennifer.
It was so loud in there, I am amazed they can hear us and have anything left in their voices.
The food (I had a steak) was perfectly cooked and served with delicious mashed potatoes.  It was fast.
And yes, I had the Jaegermeister shot and took the punishment - Jennifer again.  Owee!
It was a great atmosphere with all the people dancing and singing, and the band was awesome!
I cannot wait to get back to Vegas to go to this place again.
Ever been to Germany for Octoberfest?? Nope not me either.  But you can have that experience without ever leaving Las Vegas. This place is huge, The Tables are huge, it's like the King Kong of Picnic Tables they also have a Banquet Hall for hundreds of tourists who come by the BUS LOADS. Wow!y They have the giant beer mugs as well, different selections of sausages, and schnitzels come and feel like a German for a Day. They also have a band that plays traditional German music. So you get the full experience. So get full and shitfaced here.  It's Great!!
A little touch of Bavaria in Las Vegas.  Beer by the liter, German sausages sauerkraut, and some guy singing drinking songs whose job it is to walk around, chat people up and drink beer. 

Best.Job.EVER!
This place is probably the most "real" Bavarian beer hall experience you'll find in the states. They do all the German drinking songs and serve all the Bavarian food. The prices aren't bad, considering we paid just about as much for drinks/food in actual Bavaria. The music was fabulous, and the beer was top-notch. For those who just want a nice time hanging with friends, while singing German drinking songs and toasting to a liter of delightful brew, it doesn't get any better than this!
The Hofbrauhaus was a lot of fun for me and my parents (my mom's family is from Bavaria, so this is a bit of home cooking for her! What better place to take them?).

As soon as we walked in, we sat at a huge wooden table and ordered some beers. They were delicious (and huge). A bunch of cute German guys were enjoying some beers and brats in their lederhosen, and eventually, they were subjected to shots and spankings (thanks to one of their friends). Maybe a little too entertaining, but it was a fun time. A three-piece band played Bavarian standards and many of the patrons sang along/danced. A very fun time.

As for the food, the portions are generous and the flavors are savory and delicious. I had one of my favorites, currywurst. The pretzels are really soft and chewy--perfect with a beer. The prices are moderate, but if you're not starving, I'd say split it with a friend. There's too much to eat, and you can always order more if you're hungry. This was, hands-down, my parent's favorite place we visited in Vegas. We'll be back next time.
This is a fun place with authentic German food combined with an upbeat crowd. It is hard to express the explosive energy with joy and laughter along with incredible food. I am Eastern European and this is truly the food my grandmothers and mother made for me as a child.  I could go on and on but their signature dishes such as Schnitzel Wiener Art and Schweinebraten are beyond words and applestrudel is so mouth watering. Also, the atmosphere is infectious with wonderful service. There is even a beer garden!

I almost forgot about the spanking and the celebrity beer tapping. Stratosphere headliner Frankie Moreno did an outstanding job tapping the year's dark wheat beer. Order a shot of Jagermeister and you too can be paddled!
Awesome place! Great Atmosphere! Great People!
Can I just say....I FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE! I've gone a few times now since living in Vegas and each time I have a blast. I've even gotten involved in chugging contests. If you can handle the loud noise and potentially sitting next to people you may not know (seating is long tables and benches with backs) singing and having a good time this is definitely a place you want to visit. The food is good for sure I love the massive soft pretzels that they have *drools* The beer is epic! I love their Hefeweizen it's smooth and delicious, I wish I could have on at this very moment. :) Yes you can drink from a "Das Boot" you can even buy one. Pretty much this place is awesome and a good time, gotta visit at least once!
If you like noise, this is the place. Couldn't even talk to table mates when music was not playing. Reminded me of the noise level of a championship game in a domed stadium after a team has scored. The waitress got two orders wrong since it was so loud.
But if you go for the food, it was very mediocre and while not expensive, was overpriced for what they delivered. They do have good beer.
Here is a good place to get a PG-13 version of two Vegas staples--alcohol and breasts.  Just don't come here expecting traditional Bavarian culture.

While it's a hell of a great time, this Hofbrauhaus is not authentic.  I don't know how much they're trying to be, but they're not, and that's okay.  I have been to the real thing in Munich several times, and I assure you that the similarities are skin-deep (and even in Munich the HbH is the most commercialized of all the traditional beer halls).  This place looks beautiful, the beer is just as great (lager, dunkel, or hefeweizen--all are excellent), and of course the waitresses boast dirndls and bountiful cleavage.  

In Munich, they do a brisk tourist business but there is a healthy local presence:  one room has a large rack covering one entire wall, like a wine cage, where the regulars store their personal steins.  In Vegas, the only locals are the staff.  The Munich HbH is a crossroads of the globe and you may make new friends from a dozen countries within a few hours.  In Vegas, you will meet people from Buffalo, Tupelo, and Modesto.  Still, you will meet people and have fun with them.  In Munich, the place is packed to the roaring rafters by 7pm.  In Vegas, the place is still half empty at that time and suffers from the loss of conviviality.  In Munich, an oompah band makes the rounds every half-hour or so.  In Vegas, three skinny white guys make do with guitar, bass, and keyboard.  Oh, and in Vegas there is a restroom attendant.

But that's all okay, because like I said, it's a great time.  There is still a lot of energy in the room, the staff are wonderful (especially our waitress Rebecca), and the beer and food are awesome.  DO NOT MISS the onion mustard and Obatzer cheese that come with the "pretzel complete" and check out the delicious crispy pork shank, after 4pm Saturdays only.  Plus they have added a uniquely American touch--whenever you down a shot, you get spanked by a waitress wielding a wooden paddle.  Those ladies mean business.  Great photo opportunity to embarrass your friends.

If you want to have a great time with a group of friends and get away from the standard debauchery, you cannot make a better choice than the Hofbrauhaus Las Vegas.
Echoing Holly C. if you're not in the mood for total German beer hall complete with German beer girls who will spank patrons for a fee...head elsewhere.

The food is fine, nothing to rave about. Portions are generous, enough to split. Volume is shouting level. Seating is beer hall style, long communal benches. Off the Strip, so head here if you just want a beer hall experience or you happen to be staying close by (Hard Rock).
This place is fun!  Loud music, drinking games, lederhosen, what more can you ask for in a German Beer Hall?  The food was traditional German food.  I ordered the pretzel off the appetizer menu, which was good, but I recommend ordering a pretzel "off menu".  Its $1 more but is more than twice the size and comes with dipping sauces.  Much better deal...I was sad when my tiny pretzel came out. Order a shot for someone at the table, it comes with a spanking (from a paddle) from the server, it's really entertaining.
coming here I was prepared to be let down as it looked like a cheesy Octoberfest. I was very wrong.. The beer was great, the food, was OK (honestly I didn't have much as the liquid diet was doing me well) but the most fun was when we told the waitress that it was a buddy's birthday..

I won't spoil what happens next but I highly recommend telling them and waiting for the entertainment.... I haven't laughed so hard in quite a while... Ill definitely be going back.
My husband and I just had dinner here.. fantastic!!! We will be back. My Bierkutscher Steak was cooked to perfection and my hubbys Jägerschnitzel was divine! Anyone wondering where to eat in Vegas if you want a bit different this place is tops! Our server Vivian was awesome too!!
This establishment doesn't even deserve 1 star. The food was mediocre & the staff unattentive. The staff seemed as if they didn't want to be there. This place is a huge tourist trap. If you want German food, you are better off trying Cafe Heidelberg.
A star for each word to describe this place

Tourist Trap

Being from Chicago, we have many excellent choices for German restaurants, which gives us a little credit for knowing what we are talking about.  In addition, we ate and drank at the Hoffbrau in Munich.  Based on those qualifications, I wouldn't recommend spending your money here.  

Everything is way overpriced, and they aren't embarrassed by it.  The pretzel appetizer was good, and the sausage platter my wife had was good, but my jaeger schnitzel was terrible.  There wasn't any thing schnitzel about it.  It was just a breaded pork cutlet sauced jaeger style.  It's not schnitzel until it is pounded flat.  That cutlet didn't experience hammer blow one.

The beer was excellent.  It was very fresh.  We were fortunate enough to be there for the tapping of the dunkel wheat, which was done by a Vegas performer, and 15 minutes later had a glass at our table.  I had the maibock, which was still very good for this late in the year (June).  

The place didn't look anything like Munich and the beer garden looked kind of stupid being indoors.  I understand why it's hard to have an outdoor beer garden in Vegas,  but it just looked ridiculous.  No offense to the people who did the actual work, it was just a bad idea from the start.

Our waitress was very nice and timely, the servers seemed busy and the bus boys were also working hard.

I would go back for a beer, as expensive as even the beer is, if I was in the area, but I wouldn't pay for a cab ride to go there.  Avoid the food, and know you are going to pay considerably more than you want to.
Loved this place!  Most people who have been to Vegas numerous times don't even know about it.  We just happened to be staying at a hotel nearby and drove by it several times and it was also recommended in Frommer's.  What fun!  Great food - we chose the appetizer sampler which included variety of sausages, sauerkraut, potato salad and pretzels.  Yum!  We also had apfelstrudel for dessert.  There was live entertainment and we were lucky enough to be there at the same time as a bachelor party which made the atmosphere at 2:00 in the afternoon very boisterous!  We totally enjoyed it and loved finding a place off the strip that was so fun and had good food, too.
WoW! This place rocks!

Awesome time, awesome experience, if your with the lads then this is where to kick of the party!
The music is loud, everyone more or less joins in some way or another in terms of singing or entering the beer competition on stage, the host is awesome and drunk throughout the night. This place is as good as Oktoberfest Munich. 

If your planning on going on the Friday or Sat night, then ensure you book your reservation on their website so you have a better chance of being where the music is, otherwise you will be seated at the back which is more reserved.

Beers are about $15. Jaeger shots $7.
Recommend to go in a large group.
Gr8 place to grab beer with the boys. This is straight out of munich, germany. The one in munchen is bigger and louder but this one will do just fine. 

We had a bachelor party dinner here and the best man got so wasted he was hugging the toilet. Im not a beer guy but i really enjoyed the beer here. 

Not really a family place and Cant really hang here all the time imho.
Group singalongs, bench seating, beer chugging contests, large steins of frothy goodness and paddles. This place is practically impossible not to like. 
I had the jagerschnitzel which wasn't bad, but it definitely needed salt. The rest of the group seemed pleased with their meals of bratwurst and roasted chicken legs.
The bachelor in our group got a good paddling from our waitress, as did many lads that night as the spanks were heard echoing 'round the great hall. 
This was the perfect choice to help our friends celebrate their impending nuptials - I would definitely return to the Hofbrauhaus again!
Sit down, buy a round of shots, and brace yourself for a great time. If you want to get away from the strip and looking for good food, beer, and entertainment then you need to seek out the Hofbrauhaus.  They serve tasty authentic German food as you would expect, but their beer is why I keep going back.  Their Hefeweizen is still the best beer I've ever had.  I like to order it by the liter, but they do serve it by the pint you lightweights.  Their Hofbrau Original is not bad either and they have seasonal beers too. 

After you've had your meal and a couple of beers order your friends a shot of Jagermeister or apple sours(taste like apple juice, but kicks like a mule) and when the drink arrive pull out your camera and record as your friends get spanked.  The waitresses and JagerGirl will paddle you right at your table for all to see. 

Once the you've had a few shots you'll be sing along with the polka band and you'll be throwing change from across the hall into the tuba (totally expectable  behavior).
 
When you get ready to pay make sure you brought enough cash because the prices are on the high side. My party of four was there just about an hour and spent about $200, and that was on a light drinking night.   Yes it's expensive, but I think its well worth the money. You're not just pay for a meal and drinks your paying for an experience and a really good time.
What a great place to meet and have lunch or dinner.  We went on a Wednesday afternoon for my son's 21st birthday and loved it!  It was early so we missed the best atmosphere when they have the group singalongs.  

Even if you don't drink beer, the food and environment is worth going for and the desert was incredible! 

Definitely worth a visit the next time your in town, in the area,  or in the mood for some excellent German food and beer.
We enjoyed lunch here on a Sunday.

We arrived early (11:20) and for the most part, the restaurant was empty.

Even though it was early they had a performer playing some music as a one-man-band that was quite enjoyable.

The meals are huge and delicious.  My wife and I split the combo platter and everything was wonderful.  The sauerkraut is exceptional and mild just the way we like it.  We ordered a second helping of that.

We did not like the children's menu:  Hot dog or Butter noodles.  That's it?!?!

Also, it took an extremely long time to get our check once we were finished.  It took so long that my wife and daughter had time to visit the gift shop, purchase a cook book and hat, and return to the table where I still waited for the check.

The atmosphere is beautiful yet simple.  The tall ceiling and arches reminds me of the real Hofbrauhaus in Munich.  

The exterior is very grand.  It's situated on the corner directly across from the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino.

I'll return.
Came with a few friends just to have a good time.

- buy a yager, slap some ass! lol. waitress doesn't show mercy either!
- Hold a beer longer than 8m, win a trip to NY! saw it happen. great job old man.
- alphorn star wars theme song? skills! 
- huge salty pretzel with very salty dipping sauce. 
- overall great atmosphere. i stepped in another country!
Beer was good! Food was okay. A little overpriced. But you're paying for the atmosphere, which is very loud, but rowdy and fun...
Keg tapping ceremony with Frankie Moreno was tonight. Food was great. Music was awesome. Absolutely will be coming back again next trip.
This place is a lot of fun. The beers are good too. The live entertainment does a lot of silly things, if you go here a few times it gets repetitive. But the general friendliness/rambunctious makes it a fun place to visit every now and again. You will certainly meet fun tourists from all around America and plenty of students from UNLV. I haven't eaten here but the food looks pretty good. The price is a bit too high. I just couldn't bring myself to buy dinner, two 2pt beers and a dinner will break $40.
Had our friend's 50th Birthday party at Hofbrauhaus and it was great.  Service was really good and the food was delicious!  I've been to the original Hofbrauhaus  in Germany without the TV's, which we enjoyed.
This review maybe a little biased because of how much fun I was having on this night, but I must say, this place is A GREAT TIME!

I had been once before for lunch with my parents when there was no band, no crowds, and hardly any beer drinking. 

On Saturday night, my girlfriend and I came here with a friend not knowing what to expect. We were wandering the gift shop waiting to be seated and all we could hear were screams and cheers and loud music and grown men screaming in pain as they are paddle spanked by adult women. WILLINGLY spanked by women with a large paddle. Hysterical. 

We were seated at a table right in front of the band where a group of four were already sitting, drinking, and having a great time. Immediately upon our entrance, the band asked everyone to stand up or stand on the tables for the National Anthem. Drunk people swinging their mugs around and shouting out their American pride! Such a funny experience! 

We immediately ordered beers and a pretzel. The Hofbräu Original beer was delicious! I am not a huge beer drinker, but this beer was smooth and had a wonderful light taste to it. We must have ordered at least 8 of them throughout the night. When the pretzel came out, it was huge and salty and soft and delicious. The dipping sauces (there were two different mustard and one cheese) tasted great, especially the cheese! It may have been because we were feeling a bit tipsy, but we really enjoyed the pretzel and the three of us ate it up in a hurry. 

My girlfriend and I shared the HB Riesenbratwurst, which was a slightly small sausage on a roll with sauerkraut and onion mustard. It tasted delicious! The sausage was a bit smaller than I expected, especially for the price, but the overall flavor combinations were wonderful. Again, this may be attributed to my buzzed taste buds, who knows? 

As the night progressed, there were many toasts made and many people brought up to the stage for chugging contests and songs and dances. People watching was the greatest and everyone was really friendly and excited to be there. 

Bottom line: it's impossible to not have a good time here on a Friday or Saturday night UNLESS you do not enjoy the following: making friends, loud music, toasts and drinking delicious beer, German horns, and some good old fashioned comradery.
This place is like Chuck E. Cheese for adults.  Adults who like to drink beer (and eat food that doesn't taste like cardboard).

Hofbrauhaus is unabashedly fun.  It's full of busty serving gals who deliver ales (and paddlings - we went for a friend's birthday party, and the gal literally handed his backside to him) with enthusiasm.  Oompah bands round out the music scene.  And you love lederhosen, it'll be like you died and went to Heaven.

The place is designed for good times.  They encourage you to stand on tables.  They want you to have fun.  They prefer you to be loud in your proclaimed enjoyment of beer.  The mood is pretty light and enjoyable.

The food is pretty excellent and decent portions.  There were a lot of things that looked tempting, but I tried the chicken sausages with a generous helping of tasty mashed potatoes.  Prices ran about $15-20 a plate.  The beer steins are huge, and I had even gotten a "medium" that led to a comfortable buzz.  If I can finagle a way to come here without driving, I want one of the ridiculous sized ones.

There is a ton of audience participation.  They really want to get the crowd involved whether up on stage, or if they come to you in the crowd.  It wasn't one of those awkward vibes where they will force unwilling restaurant patrons to get involved, but if you want to participate, they most definitely will accommodate.

The only issue that I had during my outing was during the cash handling at the end.  We had a BIG birthday group, and those things always become hectic with a lot of separate checks.  The problem was that due to a miscommunication, the status of whether someone within our party already covered all our expenses versus if we still needed to pay became a back and forth "yes/no/yes/no" issue that while resolved, I wasn't sure if it was until credit card statements were checked.  But to her credit, our server was very patient and was trying very hard to get everything sorted out amongst the beer chants and drinking contests.  I think in a smaller group, that won't be an issue.

I will check out Hofbrauhaus again.  Between the lively atmosphere, friendly staff, tasty food and copious amounts of beer, it's a hard place to be bummed out in.  Just keep your party under 40 people, and it should be fine for an unique dining experience.
My husband and I travel to Germany quite a bit for holidays so we are quite picky when it comes to German food. I love sauerkraut and this is NOT even close to a good one! I don't know why this place got such high reviews. For just a drink and entertainment is worth 4 stars but the food is bland and that's why we came here was to eat German food so my 1 star is about the food.
Been here only two times and both times were for bachelor parties! Epicness!! We reserved for more than 10 people and can accomodate even more if needed. Service is quick and the entertainment is well... entertaining! Nothing but a taste of some almost real oktoberfest in good ole las vegas! OI OI OI !
This is one of those places you go for the atmosphere and beer and not the food. 
They really do the German thing well, pretzels, spetzels and sausages a plenty. Oh yes and beer and spankings, yes spankings. If you are the S&M, Christian Grey loving person then this is the place for you. Apparently if you order a shot of this dark liquor (Perhaps Jagermister?) you get a spanking by a waitress in a laderhousen (That Hansel and Gretel outfit with suspenders). This I did not indulge in, but many many men around our table did. We went late in the evening so the giant dinning room was emptying out so I assume we didnt get to see all the possibilities of spanking. Okay so the important stuff- the food. I ordered a white sausage dish at the recommendation of the waitress, interesting. I am not a huge sausage fan, but since I was here the sausage kingdom, figured I should try it. It came with potatoes and sauerkraut. I also of course drank a lot of beer and perhaps if I drank more the food would have tasted better. We also ordered a traditional pretzel with cheese dip and mustards, now that was tasty (The beer probably helped with this). I am not going to lie the German dinners that shared our table and the authentic German band probably helped me like this place more, it certainly wasn't the food.  So all in all, I would come back to drink and eat pretzels, not to eat. So drink up! Das boot!
It would get 4.5 stars if I could...

All I can say is they have litres of beer!!!  How great is that, good, strong beer.  Servers are pretty good for the mayham they deal with in the dining hall.  Fun, and even more fun after a few litres!  Food is good, but even in Germany the food is only "good".   I giving it 4 $ just because the litres are pricey and add up quick.  the average customer probably is done after 1 litre
This place is incredibly fun - there is live music, a rambunctious host (the band), and it's true that the busty server ladies there deliver paddlings where needed. 

The beer and food are good, just very expensive. I had the pretzel, which came with two types of mustard and beer cheese, as well as the Hefeweitzen. I think my total was around $26 for that including tip, so I'd suggest going somewhere else to continue your drinking. (in this case, Quinn's).
I can't even tell you or pronounce what I had eaten. All I know is that it was really good. I had what looked like three long sausage links with sauerkraut (see picture) and mashed potatoes. AND don't forget...the German beer! 

My friends and I had arrived here late in the afternoon, which is why the craziness wasn't happening. I've been to the real Hobrauhaus in Munchen; I would love to one day go back for Oktoberfest. For now, Las Vegas will suffice and I hope to come back the next time I am in Vegas.
Awesome!! Great food, great beer, and great atmosphere with the live music and hall like seating. The Dunkel style beer is my favorite here, to me it has the most flavor then the rest of their beers. But try them yourself, they are all good. They serve them in different size: 16oz, 24oz and 34oz mugs. 

Ask for the sausage sampler that come with a pretzel and two mustard and sauerkraut. At about $28; worth it. Their food, from the hamburger, to the Schnitzel, to the Sauerbraten, you can't go wrong here. 

p.s. for every Jägermister shot you order, you get one spank in the ass with a large wooden paddle. Some spanks look and sounds like really hurts. So be warned.
i'm not one for the heavy tourist spots so i'm prejudice against hofbrauhaus.  that being said, the sausage is ok.  the beer is good.  it's just too kitchy and overblown for me.  theres much better german food in vegas if you're looking.
To be perfectly honest- I thought this was a horrible representation of the German branded beer destination in Munich. I know it's two different countries, but the feeling was just- eh. If you're going to slap the name Hofbrauhaus on a venue to lure people in, at least give a similar experience- especially since you're charging a lot for it. I'm actually surprised that this restaurant got as high of ratings as it did. Maybe I should have started drinking before coming?

The location in Munich was a warm and friendly atmosphere while the Las Vegas felt like an afterthought. We ordered two dinners, a beer, an iced tea and dessert and it came out to a little over $80. Wowza. I kinda felt ripped off. There are a ton of great German places in Orange County/LA that charge significantly less and have a way better vibe. Jaime P and I actually joked that there were more servers than customers, yet everyone had to try and flag someone down for attention.

I ordered the nürnberger rostbratwurst which was three pork sausages, sauerkraut and mashed potatoes and the meal was washed down with a mug of the Hofbräu Maibock. The sausages and sauerkraut were cooked okay, but lacked any real flavor. Same went for the mashed potatoes. The beer was good, you can't go wrong with that. I should have ordered more of those and it would have probably still been cheaper in the long run. At least I would have been drunk and satisfied.

Went the extra mile to fill the void in my stomach and ordered the apfelstrudel that came out warm with a side of ice cream. I can't say anything bad about the dish. Between this and the beer, it was the only reason I chose to give this place two stars.

There was a one man band singing some German tunes. He did his best with the crowd in the beer hall to keep them entertained. I think there were seven total in this massive space, but he did what he could to get the audience excited with beer drinking games and off the wall jokes. It was funny because when I called for hours, I was told I should make reservations because it's on a first-come basis. Maybe the other 500-people or so were on their way?

This could have just been an off day- unfortunately, I'll never know an on day because I wont be coming back.
the only reason i gave them one star is because negative stars were not an option. we walked into a very empty restaurant on a sunday @ lunch time. we were finally greeted by a frumpy hostess after she finished her conversation with a co worker. we opted to sit at the bar, which was so much worse on a customer service level. this woman was down right scary looking and just plane nasty attitude. she informed me there were only 2 kinds of beer to chose from. SERIOUSLY ONLY TWO KINDS OF BEER IN A BEER HOUSE? WTH???  then i asked the bartender about the food, an she wanted to make it an arguement. i can see why her bar was totally empty and so was the restaurant. this place is a very poor excuse of a german restaurant,, and a really bad impression of the guest service! save your money and your eyes!
Visited the Hofbrauhaus twice with two different sets of friends and left with the same common ending: drunk, stuffed and sore.  The live music and large pints or steins of beer make this feel like an authentic German beer hall.  The Jagermeister? Not so much.

As a huge Taiwanese sausage fan, I am pretty used to eating links and links of sausage.  So as I finished my sausage platter in 2 minutes, my friends were astonished. They couldn't even finish theirs.  

Most interesting note: if you buy shots, the girls will spank you. Doesn't matter if your a rookie or a veteran. Just make sure they don't get your tailbone because that's a stinger.
One of the best places to get German food  in Las Vegas. If you are craving schnitzel, then this is the place for you. I have tried both their Schnitzel Wiener Art and Jagerschnitzel. Both dishes are hearty and tasty. Their pretzels are great and I believe they bake them to order. I'm usually not a dessert person but their apple strudel is to die for. I heard from the bartender that the strudel is flown in from Germany. If you like polka music then this is the place for you because they  hire live polka bands nightly.
Great food and great fun!!!! Highly recommended
Went here for lunch it was slow. And you'd think since its early people would be happier to help you but our waitress was kinda cranky. At least the food was good. the portion was kind of small for me. This coming from someone that eats very little. The pretzel that came with the meal was big. It is a try once if you are in Vegas.
I came here for a drink one night already drunk on food (see my review for India Palace).  I never made it into the dining hall other than a quick pass through on my way to the restroom (stay tuned for more on that).  Instead I stayed at the bar since I was there for the beer after all.  When presented with the sizes, my friend and I looked at each other and looked down the bar at a lady with the large liter size beer.  Being men and not wanting to be out done by a lady, we both ordered the liter size of a dark beer as well.  We were already full so those beers took a long time to drink.  He was the first to visit the restroom in the back.  I followed suit a few minutes later.  The quick trip through the dining hall was entertaining.  People sitting at community tables singing and laughing.  Drinking and eating.  Live music playing traditional German tunes as well as more contemporary songs on traditional German instruments.  Sweet Caroline in oom-papa style was hilarious.  It looks like a fun place to eat and be basically part of the show.  I'd like to go back just for that.  Anyhow, I make my way back to the bar from the restroom, take my seat and resume my drinking.  Then I notice, my friend is not there anymore.  I figured he went back to the restroom and I missed him.  So I waited a few minutes and he never came back.  Finally I asked the bar tender if he had seen the guy I came in with.  I got a funny look followed by "oh, you're serious."  For the last ten minutes he was sitting just one stool over and talking with another bar patron.  Both men are ex Air Force.  I felt pretty stupid at this point.  All I could do was laugh and wonder if I was really that drunk.  It was not long after that that I finished my beer and was ready to head home.  The rain of the evening had let up, I was tired and had a long drive to Arizona the next morning.  After paying the barkeep and calling out the BS-ing former Air Force stranger on some of what he was saying therein nearly starting a fight, I made it to my car, made it home and made it to bed.  What an evening.
The atmosphere is great, but the food is only so-so.  Great place to drink a beer and watch a grown man get spanked.
I planned my friend's bachelorette party and I had this German theme going so of course we started here. Apparently, this is more common as a bachelor party destination SO do not be surprised if you are a group of ladies and you are descended upon by men immediately upon entry. Once we shooed the guys away we got us some huge steins of beer (I had the lager, it was tasty) and sausage and spaetzle and enjoyed watching everyone getting their Jager paddling and the German band playing, it was  fun scene. I the sausage sampler and it was good, some sausages better than others (one just tasted like a hot dog which was weird, the thicker one was the best...that's what she said!) The bride-to-be is a vegetarian and got the German-style mac and cheese spaetzle thing and we all started chowing on that too because it was delicious, maybe better than the sausage! She also had been to the OG Hoffbrauhaus in Munich and yeah, she said this was a little different but we had a good time all the same!
Having lived in Germany for six years in my younger years, I've always scoffed a bit at cheesy German brew houses outside of Germany that come across as some odd German-themed Disneyland. 

Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?

Friendly, yes, and the food came relatively quickly, but I was admittedly a bit miffed by the "show". Yes, at times the dining atmosphere during Oktoberfest can loosely resemble the show you see at Hofbrauhaus, but this is very rarely the case. That having been said, I think you come to Hbh knowing what you're getting yourself into, and knowing what you're paying for. Star Granted.

Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?

Why is it that German food has been turned into this expensive anomaly everywhere outside of the homeland? Schnitzle? Fries? Spaetlze? This isn't expensive stuff, so as you can imagine, I was a bit deterred by the $30 price tag on my Pepper Steak with Wedges:

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=dZXCmhBNt2XPcZeuIMwnjg&userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHg

That's an awful lot to pay for a dish that was 50% gravy. No Star Granted.

Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?

The Pepper Steak was without question good, but I couldn't help but feel as though a vast majority of the flavor was coming from the gravy as opposed to the actual steak. Single Star Granted.

Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?

I love love love love love German Food, but if you're jacking up your prices because of a carnival-esk atmosphere as opposed to food quality, you're doing it wrong. No Star Granted.
I love this place, always have a great time here. It's off the strip so you need to take a cab or bus. This beer hall is a duplicate of the original in Munich. They are located throughout the world and all look / feel the same. The highlights:

- Amazing food. Lot's of traditional German / Bavarian dishes
- Good German beer
- Great service
- Like real German beer halls, you sit at long tables with other visitors. You make a lot of new friends from around the world
- Cool German bands
- Fantastic apple strudel 
- They sell fresh roasted beer nuts - so good.....
- Great party atmosphere, I stumble out of here regularly

If you buy shots, Blond women in tight clothing will spank you HARD with a wooden paddle. Not sure I get this part but someone gets it every few minutes. 

Highly recommended.
Enjoyed the Hofbräuhaus last night. Wienerschnitzel, Schwarzwälderkirschtorte, Sauerbraten, Käsekuchen... it was fantastic! Just like at home in Europe! My family and I were very happy, and will definitely go back soon. The music was pretty nice too, almost made us a bit homesick. The Oktoberfest beer is delightful! We need more of that nice delicious brew :)
I've never been to Germany, but this place made me want to go.  Our waitress WAS German and she was the sweetest lady, I hugged her when we left.  I loved the music, the beer, the pretzels, the German dogs, the atmosphere was so happy and fun.  I even got a spanking! What more could you want??? ;)

I will be there again for sure!
This is a really enjoyable place to eat German food, drink Hofbrau beer, and listen to a live German band.  This is a perfect German beer hall and is a wide open space that looks like nearly an exact copy of the one in Munich.  As would be expected seating is at long communal tables where you can meet some new folks.  I'm not really a fan of cheesy night clubs with DJ's playing terrible music so this is one of the more enjoyable places in Las Vegas to me.  And yes they even play the chicken song!
The weekend of Frozen Fury is infamous for pre-party at Hofbrauhaus before the game.  Game got cancelled and no one was here, but the food more than made up for it!  The pretzel was a tad try but the mustard was great.  I got a jar to go and we paid $5 for it...I just found it today at Cost Plus World Market for $2.50.  Darn; I thought they made it themselves.  We got 2 random dishes that involved sausage and something that resembled potato dumplings; not sure but both were delish!

The entertainment is amped up to high, even though the place was half packed.  The man looked like he escaped from Beer Fest and was smashed in the wee hours of the afternoon.  Rock on.  We'll be back!
this place was great.music was awsome.food was good.they some ufc fighter tap the kegwould love to visit it again.
The Strip has the Pyramid, Ancient Rome, New York City, and Venice. Paradise Road has the Bavarian Beer Hall.

  The Hofbrauhaus is a Bavarian Beer Hall across from the Hard Rock. Step inside the Hofbrauhaus, and you temporary leave Vegas.

   This past Saturday,after 7 years in Vegas, l finally experienced the Hofbrauhaus. It is so different from what I expected. I expected a mega bar serving hundreds of varieties of beer. In reality the Hofbrauhaus is a replica of a Bavarian Beer Hall. Beer drinkers share good times at long tables. In the front of the Beer Hall, a Bavarian band leads the good times. On a loudness scale of 1 to 5, it reaches a 4. The servers dress in Bavarian uniforms. A major reason, I give Hofbrauhaus four stars is because the well-done theme makes it a unique place to share good times over beer.

   Because Hofbrauhaus is a beer drinker's theme park, the prices are inflated. The feeling of drinking beer in a Bavarian Beer Hall justifies $8.95 for a 17 ounce Octoberfest beer from Munich Germany. $8.95 also pays for a strong beer. By the way, a 34 ounce Octoberfest beer is $15.95. 

  Hofbrauhaus is more than beer. They serve German food at prices that compare to their beer, which is $$$. From Monday to Friday between 11 to 4, they offer $9.95 specials on German food.

   I left the Hofbrauhaus with the impression that it is cool to have a beer in a beer drinker's theme park at the same time that one beer is the limit. After one beer, the noise becomes annoying and it is so obvious you could go across the street and have a few more beers at Firkins On Paradise for the price of one beer at the Hofbrauhaus. And this is where we went after having experienced drinking a beer in the Hofbrauhaus.

Review in a nutshell:

Pros: Entertaining Bavarian Beer Hall theme, strong beer, fun at first, plenty of parking at the nearby Hard Rock

Cons: High priced, very loud environment.
Been here twice and the food and experience are great!  You sit at long tables with other people, open area to see everything that is going on.  The last time I came was for my bachelor dinner and got paddled twice.  That hurt big time, wish I had the shots way beforehand.  The food is authentic, good portions, and live music.  Can't wait to go back next time!
Hofbrauhaus was such a fun, and funny, treat. Of course, Las Vegas was the perfect place to recreate a "German beerhouse" in the States. This place is huge, almost cavernous, with a loud, boisterous band playing in the front of the hall and long tables of reveling diners singing along. Both the food and drink menus are expansive, with plenty of sausage to go around. You can get beers in all different sizes, from the 1/2 liter to the full mug, and I bet you there's a boot option there somewhere. 

I'm not sure if all Bavarian dishes are like this, but it seemed like the "Specialty" ones offered at Hofbrauhaus include meat, carbs, and cream. Indeed, the Jagerschnitzel  that I got had those three components, as well as bacon and cranberries. The plate was the size of my head, and the pork was buried underneath a mountain of sauce and bacon. I think they made a mistake; I don't think this dish is meant for one person. The schnitzel was pretty good; it was well-seasoned and the bacon lent the right saltiness to the whole dish. It was nice having the noodles sop up some of the cream, and the cranberries also helped cut through some of richness. What makes a dinner here a real treat, however, isn't the beer and the sack of food you get. It's the rowdiness of the crowd, the whack of the paddle (you get one to the butt on your special occasion), the boom of the band, and a thousand other things that make this a truly unique experience.
Went last nite.  VERY noisy, not a romantic date nite place for sure.  Fun loud atmosphere, lots of spankings, lots of alcohol.  The food, just so-so.
Probably an ok place for a drunken party with friends, not the place for a nice meal.
Buy a spanking, get a free shot. Or is it the other way around.?
This place is a replica of the famous Hofbräuhaus in Munich, but unlike many replicas here in Vegas, Hofbräuhaus was able to also bring the same atmosphere of the original Hofbräuhaus, Live German band playing classic German and American singalong songs, lots of beer, food and loud drunk customers having one hell of a time. This is definitely a great place for celebrations. Also, where else would you get spanked every time you have a shot of jäger?... Here!...So I started with a shot of Jäger.
Now, the food is a different story, although people around me seemed to enjoy it, I'm not really a fan. I ordered the Hofbräuhaus wurstplatte, recommended by my Hispanic looking German waitress, she said it was one of the most popular dishes in the house and the menu says is for sausage lovers. ( I know, it doesn't sound right) it wasn't bad really but it wasn't good either, I wasn't impressed by it, I mean there was the "wow" factor but nothing to do with flavor...... So I ordered another shot of jäger. (better sausages at Las Vegas grille and also less intimidating)
Previously i had ordered the Bavarian appetizer, Obazda, now this is worth ordering again, it was really good. Brie prepared with cream cheese, butter, onions, served with a freshly baked pretzel...... and a shot of Jäger.
The beers are good of course, who doesn't like German beer? But they are a little bit pricey so we only had one 1 litter Oktoberfest beer each. WOW, when the waitress came back and sat the two beers on the table my friend and I looked at them and we were impressed of how huge they were! Wow! there's something worth coming back for! (by the way, the beers were also big) ....so I had a shot of Jäger.
For dessert I ordered the apfelstrudel which is their signature dessert and I loved it, accompanied with a shot of Jäger is the best.
I'm pretty sure I'll be back. Even though this place is a bit pricey and they seem to cater mostly to tourists, this is a good place for birthday parties and any kind of celebration or to bring friends from out of town.
German music playing, beer drinking people singing and dancing, fun staff going around entertaining and serving happy customers, eating and huge (beers), shots of jäger. I can definitely get used to all this.............spanking.
Went here based on great reviews and had a great time at the real one in Germany!  This was a gian disappointment.  The purpose of the visit was to watch the live music and sit at one of the long shared tables just like Germany.  We were told reservation needed for that part (empty seats all over when we walked in) so we were away from the music.   Beer and food WAY overpriced!  8.00 for a 10 ounce beer??  Can't even cough up the extra 2 ounces and fill the glass to the top?   I chose not to eat out of aggrevation but my bf did.  He got some ugly white sausage that came in boiling water and smelled gross with a soft pretzel that appeared to be a rock like texture.   Spare yourself this place. Too many other great places to go in Vegas!  Hit the real one in Munich if you want a great time!  The only good part about this place was the waitress.  She was really nice.
Food was great. I had one of the fish dishes, I believe the poached salmon. It tasted great. The beer was great as well. I can't recall the name of it but it was in a HUGE mug and was about $15. This place is moderately pricey. I paid for the Bachelor's dinner and my own, and it rang up to about $80 right there. I still enjoyed the place. The waitresses were great, they gave my buddy and paddle smack right on his booty, and he was also able to go up to the band a play an instrument! Great fun, great food, great beer, no big complaints. I would go back.
It's Oktoberfest all year! For $5 you can get a half shot on a test tube and a paddle spanking from a leather clad lady. The food is ok, you are coming here for the experience. It's a fun place that is different then the strip.
Love this place! Been to the original one in Germany, and the first time I walked into the one in Vegas, I felt like I was back in Europe! The pretzel combo is awesome! It's a great place and always an awesome time!  It can be a little $$$, so just be careful!  I have found that some of the plates are rather large so sharing is what we normally do!  Weekends tend to get a little crowded (around 730-8pm), so making a reservation (inside the beer hall) is what i recommend!  All the servers have been awesome, except for when they litterally chase you down in the gift shop and remind you that if you buy something it HAS to be under their name... strange and annoying, but other then that, the food and atmosphere is amazing!  A great place for any celebration have it be a birthday, a reunion or just life!
A brilliant German beer festival or Oktoberfest type Bar and Restaurant.  If your looking for a loud, fun and wonderfully bizarre place to spend an evening - Hofbrauhaus is the place to be.  Very cool place, all waitresses wear low cut tops and are very friendly.  Everyone has a beer in their hand and is singing along to music, there are drinking games and the crowds are encouraged to join in the fun...someone even jumped on the table and started to do what looked like a morris dance lol.  The food menu is lovely - typically themed - various sausages, sauerkraut, pretzels and Roast pork...as well as a salads, cold meats and cheeses. Live music is played and if you get a spanking from a waitress (not a gentle spanking either) you get a free shot.  Drinking games with a yard of ale, and everyone is friendly and clinking beer glasses together.  This is truly an experience you must try whilst in America's playground - Las Vegas.
If you can name all 6 of the original Oktoberfest beers, this place is a must on your next visit.  Nice place.  Good food - get the sausages boiled, remove the casing, and enjoy with a pretzel and great beer!
The pretzels are amazing and the atmosphere is great. This place is a lot of fun and I will go here every time I go to Vegas.
Two words: Live polka :) :).  Forget the strip, we could have stayed here all night.  It has a perfect mixture of family-friendliness and night life.  Good beer, yummy food, great atmosphere.  It's a mini model of the real thing in Munich.  Large tables with bench style seating ~ beware... You may up sharing a table with a stranger! :) The only thing we didn't like were the novelty prices.  Definitely more expensive than the average brat & beer house.  Be prepared to pay $14 on the pretzel they bring you to share when you first sit down. Good food, great service, we will definitely be back & bring more people next time!
I do my best to stop in at the Hofbrau every time I go to Vegas. It's a fun environment that brings a different style to the table in a town full of hotel bars and clubs. 

People have told me that the Hofbrau Las Vegas is an exact replica of the Hofbrau in Munich. I'm not happy to admit that when I was at the Hofbrau in Munich some years ago, things were a little blurry. Lets just say the Deutsch begin the festivities rather early on Easter Sunday. Either way, from my fuzzy memory the Vegas Hofbrau certainly has a very similar feel to the original. The beer is all the original Hofbrau brew, and they serve it in the traditional stein (although I don't remember them having a smaller one in Germany). Last time I went I got the Oktoberfest in Das Boot! I was a little upset that the boot was plastic, but it still turns into an endurance trial toward the end of the beer- which can be fun, or not so fun all depending.

The food is all traditional Bavarian style- so be ready for sausage and potatoes! I still have yet to encounter anything I disliked on the menu but I highly suggest getting a soft pretzel as an appetizer. The pretzel is huge and comes with an array of dipping selections- all of which are great.

I think the biggest difference between the original and Vegas location is how the entertainment is catered toward the crowd. The original had a very traditional German brass band sort of playing in the background. The Vegas Hofbrau certainly has a bit more of a 'showy' feel to it. They're constantly playing German drinking songs along with many popular songs to keep the crowd involved. They also play a bunch of games. Such as 'last man holding the stein wins'. Also, if you really want, the waitress will slap you on the ass with a paddle with a sound that will ring out though the entire building. I haven't done it myself. Not gonna lie, I'm afraid of getting tagged in the coin purse.

If you're looking for a different experience in the sometimes overly repetitive town of Las Vegas, I suggest hitting up the Hofbrau. In true fashion of the town, you probably won't leave sober, but you will have a unique experience and not be surrounded by the hotel bar hookers like the rest of the town.

Prost!
It looks just like the Hofbrau Haus in Munich. I think the only Germans in the place were in the band! Service was good. Music was good. Beer was good. The food was another matter. My wife's Jager Schnitzel was so tough you could barely cut it with a knife. The sauerkraut with my wurst plate was bland and over cooked. The mashed potatoes tasted like they were made from a mix. We definitely had better German food.
Something Different in Vegas

I was here with a group of guys for dinner and drinks, about 15 of us. This was a part of a bachelor party weekend. 

This place was recommended by some of my co-workers who have been here for bachelor party events before. 

Considering that the bachelor was a big party / fraternity boy in college, we though the place would be a great fit with the beer, singing, games, and paddles. 

Half of our group were in a fraternity before and half were not. I think the fraternity guys enjoyed it a bit more. The bachelor loved it. 

Overall the experience was cool and it was like a big party in there. The staff try hard to make it fun but its not for everyone. 

The drinks were good and the food was on point. A lot of sausage and potatoes. 

Worth a visit at least once.
The food is great, so is the service. The entertainment, Johann is so good we went back the next day with our friends. We will be going back here again and again. Try the cheesecake, yum."
I had been told to try the Hofbrauhaus before I left for Vegas by some co-workers. Man was I glad that they recommended this place! The atmosphere was loud, but that is to be expected when the entertainment is never ending. Going on a Monday night I had thought it would be a smaller crowd, but decided to make a reservation. Glad I made a reservation because the place was packed!!!! I started out with one of their white wines and the pretzel appetizer with cheese. Delicious!  At that point I was already feeling full but decided to try out some other things. I ordered some German weiners but it tasted kind of like over-done Oscar Mayer hot dogs honestly....which is why this place did not get 5 stars from me. The potato salad that came with the meal was absolutely amazing! Never had any potato salad taste that great! Needless to say, it was a great experience but I would probably order a schnitzle or something more authentic next time.
Out of all the touristy traps I've seen throughout my years going to Las Vegas, this is one that isn't even a trap at all!!

Built to capture the spirit and energy of the Munich Bier Halle in Germany, Hofbrauhaus offers so much fun!  While the sausages are so-so, the pot roast dishes are very delicious and satisfying.  You can wash your food and dessert down with any of their imported brews; I highly recommend the Hefe Weissen in a liter stein (if you can handle your drink).

And yes, they even have the boot-shaped beer glasses ;)

It's right across the Hard Rock Hotel, and off the strip from the drunken bros and hoes who would otherwise ruin your night!
Yes, the beer is overpriced...though their Dunkle is darn good!  Yes, the food is overpriced...then again, there are not a lot of places in Vegas with solid Bavarian/German dishes.  Yes, Hofbrauhaus can be a bit touristy at times.  These are all the reasons you should avoid coming to the Hofbrauhaus.  The problem is that it is far too much fun...especially with a group of friends!...so I'll come back and and overpay for beer, overpay for food and somehow have an incredible evening non-the-less...again and again!  If you are coming here for anything other than a great amount of fun, you are going to the wrong place.

The Hofbrauhaus is a loud, German/Bavarian beer hall.  There is a live band playing all your favorite, classic, German beer drinking songs...errr...I guess I assume they are the classics and favorites... either way, they are fun reasons to heave a hefty stein or glass boot into the air and drink beer.  The beers they do are done well, especially the dunkle.  The food is fine, but nothing incredible.

I love going to the Hofbrauhaus for friends birthdays or other celebrations.  You can order a spanking from the bar-maid...it even comes with a free shot!
Very close to the original in terms of layout and design, perhaps a bit smaller. Kind of far from the strip, good spot if you are staying at the Hard Rock Casino. Food was great, beer a bit pricey but it is Vegas. We felt like the server pushed a $13 Bretzel on us even before we had a chance to look at the menu and the Oktoberfest beer, it was like it was going bad and they were trying to sell it before it went bad. Beer was good and being vegetarian we ordered 5 side dishes to split. We each had a masse (Litre stein/32 oz of beer) our bill came to around $100. Expect to spend between $35-$50 per person if you eat and have a drink or two. Great spot to take a large group to drink if you want something different.
I am only commenting on the food.  Was there when they opened, we spent my father's 70th birthday there.    I was born and spent 18 years in Germany.  The food they are rolling out now does not resemble what they originally served.  They have figured out that they can save money serving subpar food to Ami's who have had too much to drink.  So sad, will never step foot in their overpriced establishment.
Fun place to be. Beer is expensive 15.00 for 1 liter of beer but the atmosphere is awesome. It's loud n you will be seated with other strangers but people do mind their own business. We fot the jumbo pretzel special for 13.95, yummy. The schnitzel was good n I got the 3 sausage combo for 19.99, kind of pricey. Don't forget to order your favorite shot n get a butt spanking for your beer maiden.
Do I love German food? Actually not, despite my visit to this restaurant for both lunch and then dinner all within the same day.

Regarding lunch we met up with 4 other business colleagues during lunch because one of the guys was there earlier in the week and he really enjoyed his lunch. So there we were table of 6. We had a free beer coupon from the Embassy Suites so we enjoyed one smaller than normal size beer. The other 5 guys enjoyed there lunch, but, I was not so impressed although our table server was very accommodating to our table needs and menu changes. The restaurant looks like an indoor beer garden, but, was very tame and appropriate for a business lunch.

In the evening a different group of 6 of us returned from American Shooters in the late evening and decided we would have dinner here. At this point there was live music and the place was hopping with people even dancing on their tables to the music.

We all used our free beer coupons for another small stein of beer. As we were eating our food we noticed one of the customers get up from his table and get paddle spanked by a waitress. I guess the guy did not pay his bill, but, actually others from the same table were also spanked minutes latter.

We quickly realized this was a ritual, which emanated years ago from customers who ordered after dinner shots. You got paddle spanked and then had to drink your shot. 

After we finished our dinners the one female at our table had ordered shots for the 5 of us. Needless to say all the men got spanked except for one, who refused to participate. But we could not suffer alone so we ordered another shot for our female friend. But she had rhine stones on her jeans so the waitress was very easy on her. The guys were disappointed by the uneven hand of our waitress. The guys were hit hard, but, our female friend got off easy.

As for my dinner there was way too much food to eat and again I was not so impressed by the quality or taste of the food. I guess I don't like German food so much even though I am Polish? Maybe it is because they invaded us in the big one: WWII. 

I should add service during dinner was as equally good (or better considering the circumstances) as was during lunch although we did not have any special food requests.

I would still recommend this place not so much for the food, but, because of the live music and the paddle spanking for fun. By the way I recommend the dark draft Dunkel, which was pretty tasty.
So my wife and I went here last night to celebrate my birthday and had a whale of a time. After a few liters of beer and spend a lot of money on food, the experience was tarnished by there bold barman (you'll know who I mean) who refused to give me a glass of tab water and wanted me to buy a bottle. His attitude stank, if I wanted to be bled dry of all my money I would have gone to the casino across the road. 

This company doesn't care for the customer and is just after your money.
It's a Disney style version of the real thing.  It would help to raise the rating if I were pissed (drunk) out of my skull like most of the other patrons .The food was quite good and the service was great.  If you've experienced the real thing, then this place, you'll understand why this doesn't rate 5 Stars. Get wasted and you'll love it.
You want to get drunk? Then this is the place to be! Hofbrauhuas Las Vegas has that tent-like feel just as if you were at the real tent in Munich along with the rowdiness and fun that comes along with this place  Food is decent but who comes here to just eat? You get food so you can absorb all the beer that is available in abundance in this establishment!  Beer beer and more beer! Prost!
Where else can you get a lively place complete with awesome German food,beer, live music and random paddle spankings? At the Hofbrauhaus of course!! My party of 4 had a blast here and I even got pulled up with about 12 other gals for a "Who can drink their beer stein the fastest" contest! (I didn`t win) But who cares? Love this place!!
Good fun, great food and the atmosphere makes you feel like your not in Vegas. Love this place.
Ok, maybe over excited about this place... so my expectations were pretty high, since this is the ONLY "German" place that boast to be like Oktoberfest, but was almost the opposite.

Like Brittany B. said, "I was expecting such an experience.... I [also] will never return"

I feel like I HAVE TO go into the whole meal for you to get why this is a 1 star..... so heeeeere-we-go!

We came in 7 people deep looking to get a free beer each (We had coupons from online) so we were prepping for some drunkin debauchery and were excited to get a few liters of beer each... well after we were seated in the hall and ordered our free beer we were serenaded by a pretty good umpapa band so we were feeling pretty good. When our beers came they were little 8 oz beers... I think a can of hofbrau was bigger than this beer; and I know that head is expected but it was half the glass.... ok it's free, what do you expect? Then when we tried it it was flat, like disgustingly flat. So we told the waitress who was surprised and told us that they hadn't had any complaints all day. They then brought over the manager Scott who proceeded to tell us that he's been drinking it all day and it's fine, and that the owner was drinking to and "he's from Germany", so our german friend who was with us asked if she could talk to him... Scott then told us that "He's not here".... after he left another waitress came over and asked which beers are flat, I pointed to the one in front of me... she picked it up, looked at it, then proceeded to take a swig of it... I told our waitress to pore it out. I later ordered a liter of my own... unbeknownst to me it cost $15... at least $3 more than at Oktoberfest and $7 more than Brats Brothers where I go to in LA.

After that we got our food which was pretty good, but was not as flavourful as I think it is when there's a high turnover rate, cause it was kinda slow so I imagine the less popular items had been sitting for a while, because it didn't taste fresh. 

Pluses are we had a friendly waitress Kathy, the Umpapa band was a good trio, but I was upset because they couldn't (note not wouldn't) play it because it was not on their play list, even though they knew it and I was willing to play it. I mean c'mon it was the song to play Oktoberfest 2011, just the Fliegan Song! They also stopped playing at 10:45pm, when the place closed at 11 and the staff were just staring at us the last 15 minutes as to eyeball us as to say (get the F* out we want to go home).... While I remember staying till the waiters were drinking with us after Oktoberfest... 

Over all felt really unwanted. Expensive. And not like Oktoberfest. 

I'm sure that during Oktoberfest this place is hoping, but what do you do for the other 340 days of the year? Give poor service and expect us to tip 20%? 

I won't be visiting again, nor will I be telling anyone to go OR tell anyone it's "Just like Oktoberfest"....
You need to be drunk to enjoy this place. The servers should consider covering up their cleaveges as with an average age of above 40 it doesn't look too attractive. The place is dark and their loud band was annoying in my subjective opinion. 

The food is mediocre at best and definitely is NOT good value for money for Las Vegas. It should be twice cheaper to be somewhat competive. 

I am not coming back and won't recommend it to anyone.
I love German food!!!! I have always loved German food!!!! 

Oddly enough, Vegas is a German food Mecca of sorts - at least for our part of the country. I was amazed at how many German places I saw around Vegas! Especially since the town is not the biggest. I actually got to try two places and one of them was the fabulous Hofbrahaus!

I know that German food is not one of the most well known cuisines in the world since it is so simple but if you get to try it you will see there is true beauty in its simplicity!

To start with Hofbrauhaus is beautiful inside and out. The building looks like traditional German architecture on the outside and inside. The ceilings are high and they are painted really nicely. They have a stage for live bands too! Seating is on large tables with benches just like you would expect in a Munich beer hall!

My BF and I came here on our last day in Vegas and I decided to treat him with the money I got from the machines!

What is really cool, and even impressive is that some of the food items are actually flown in from Germany!!!! We had a large freshly flown in pretzel to start with and we found out that the red cabbage, bratwurst and sauerkraut are also flown in!!!! We had the veal bratwurst, the chicken bratwurst and two beers. Mine was a incredibly good special seasonal beer! We also tried the apple strudel which was also flown in! Everything was seriously very tasty!

This review, of course, is not truly complete since I did not get to be here during Oktoberfest! The ambience here must be truly incredible when it is that time of year! However, if this place gets five stars without all the excitement of Oktoberfest - it truly must be good and, trust me it is

Service was pretty good! While you wait they give you interesting little newspapers with all kinds of information about the restaurant and its events. Next time we come I will make sure we get to check out one of the live bands! Expect to spend a great deal of what you win at the machines haha! This place is not cheap! I shelled out about $90 for two with tip included!

Parking is no problem as you would expect in most places in Vegas! There is a large lot adjacent to the restaurant.
Wow!  Let me start off by saying be prepared for quite the experience!  

I love Vegas because two of my favorite things are in one place!  Eating and Clubbing! The Hofbrauhaus is a GREAT place for ridiculously delicious German food.  I had the schnitzel, because I mean, come on, you can't NOT get Schnitzel from a German restaurant.  When the plate came out, it was HUGE! OMG! Two people could have shared one and still had leftovers, it was that massive.  The schnitzel came with gravy and spatzle and my oh my, it was AMAZING!!  I've been to Germany and had Schnitzel, so this took me right back to Europe.  I'm so bummed that I couldn't eat the whole thing, but if you ever visit Vegas, this place is a must!!!

As for the experience I was talking about.  Seating is communal in the sense that their tables look like giant picnic tables where you can sit with your own party or join other groups of people.  The beer comes in these HUGE jars that are used for "Prost"-ing, which is the German term for "Cheers".  This act of saying cheers is slightly frightening when surrounded by a bunch of drunk people.  At the Hofbrauhaus, it's common for people to stand in their seats and when they "Prost" they slam their glasses together in the hopes of exchanging beer into each other's glass.  A forewarning, be prepared to leave drenched in beer with potential glass shards on your clothes.  When the energy level goes up in this place, it gets loud, rowdy, and chaotic!  In addition, when you order a shot of Jagermeister, after you take the shot, they use a large wooden paddle and, literally, spank you with it!  It's hilarious to watch after you've already had a few, but when you get paddled, don't expect to sit down right away!

With all that being said, if you're in Vegas and want the perfect place for a great time with great food and great company, this is most definitely the spot to hit!
The atmosphere at Hofbräuhaus is good, but the food was not as good as its Munich joint.
Go go go - fun place to go.  Yes we all got are booties whacked for the shot.  Very friendly place.  I'm not a fan of German food really, but this was really good.  We tried the schnitzel which was yummy.  The lamb shank was delicious.  Lots of food so beware if you order an appetizer.  Just a fun place!
We wanted a fun casual restaurant with good beer and great pretzels...and this place delivers.  In addition, there was a live band playing German polka songs for the most part; a beautiful lady who will deliver spankings for a price; and a person who will also photograph your group (again for a price).

Food was good.....and service was friendly.

Large restaurant with 2 rooms - one where you sit at tables with other people closer to the band; and one in the garden area where you can sit just with people you want to sit with..  We opted for the garden area, but either would make for a fun evening.....

Prices are moderate.....we had a coupon for a free 10 ounce glass of beer and they were happy to honor it.
Yes, yes I am aware of the stigma. This place is soooo touristy, but accept that shit. Get over it, and start appreciating the bomb ass food and drink they serve!

I've come here twice. Once for beer, which was great and fair priced for the quantity, and another time for the food. We ordered the sampler tower that came with three tiers of food. It was more than enough food to feed me and another person.

In actuality, the food is what really propels my rating of Hofbrauhaus to a five star. The sauerkraut and red cabbage are amazing. The spaetzle was especially fantastic. Overall the food reminded me of what I would have gotten back in Germany (I studied there for a summer). Truly amazing. I believe this ran about $20? So $10 for two.

My only gripe is with the waitress. We had gone during the holiday season, and she kept trying to hustle us to buy merchandise. Apparently the staff was having some type of competition. She kept hard selling t-shirts, mugs, and everything else to us when we had told her we weren't interested at the very beginning. It was actually very desperate and awkward. After our final decline it looked like she was pissed and then indifferent to servicing us at all haha. One of the stranger waitress experiences I've encountered in a very long time.

Nonetheless, that does not deter my phenomenal review of the food and beer. Just work on the service, Hofbrauhaus...
OMGOSH! This place is amazballz!  The beer was soo good, the schnitzel was to die for and the entertainment..well.. lets just say we were there for 4 hours and were entertained.   Spankings included. :)

I also had a peak in the back indoor patio area.. it was soo cute and quaint.

Had a blast! xoxox
The concept is great, long tables that you share with other parties, service was great, animation was really fun with all kind of live folkloric music and the whole crowd singing in a good mood.
The food was not outstanding but good.
I would go back there, it's fun.
Great atmosphere at this place. Great Bavarian dishes to choose from. The food was great, service was excellent, and giant beers help too.  A little pricey for me but you get what you paid for.  I highly recommend.
Had a great time. They offered a great German eating experience that I have never been to before.
Having been to the Hofbrauhaus in Munich I was, uh, less than excited to be headed to this touristy knock off in Las Vegas. I was way wrong! Yes it is touristy and yes it is loud and crowded, but it was also a very fun!

There were 6 of us in our group and we all had a great time. We started out with a pretzel and giant beers, well the pretzel was giant too now that I think about it...anyway, both were dee-lish. I particularly liked the cheese spread and brown honey mustard dipping sauces that came with the pretzel.

I'm normally a fan of schnitzel, but I thought I'd try something different this time. I went with the Sauerbraten (German pot roast) and while it was very tasty, the meat wasn't very tender at all. Definitely not horrible, but I'll stick with the Jägerschnitzel next time. 

Beer was flowing, shots were plentiful and a few in our group got spanked...literally...numerous times. Don't be a snob like I was - just because something's a little touristy doesn't mean it can't be a good time. 

I go to Vegas for work A LOT - I'd happily go to Hofbrau again if for no other reason than to forget about work for a minute. And to grab a hot pretzel and cold beer of course.
You must come here if you come to Vegas. Totally like a traditional beerhall in Germany. Don't forget your shots! You need to get spanked here. This place is so much fun and the band gets you singing and enjoying your time even more. You're compelled to meet your neighbors at your table and all have a great time. 

I'll tell you this, if you are in a group, just get a few dishes, the portions are huge and the beer steins are HUGE.  If you are with one other person, get one dish. 

Forget the whole touristy stigma of a beerhall in Vegas - you are in VEGAS!!! Do It!!
Sing and drink and eat with your friends. You will have the best time here.
My friends and I went on a Monday night. We only had to wait about 2 minutes to be seated. The restaurant seating is set up family style with multiple long picnic tables. We luckily got a table to ourselves. There was a live house band playing (very loudly) from the time we arrived till we departed. I ordered Bavarian Liver Mousse & "Obazda" (Cheese Specialty) as an appetizer. It was very good. I would recommend ordering an extra pretzel because there is a good amount of liver mousse and Obazda. For dinner I ordered Marjoram (Veal Bratwurst) which was amazing! It comes with a side of red cabbage which was so tasty. For desert I ordered Schwarzwalder Kirschtorte (Black Forest Chocolate Cake). The plate was decorated so beautifully I almost didn't want to ruin it by digging in. The cake was so rich I wish they had milk, but my water worked fine. All in all the food was amazing. The atmosphere is very upbeat and loud. I almost forgot! When you order a shot of Jagermeister your waitress or the Jager girl gets to spank you with a wooden paddle. From the looks on the various guys who I witnessed getting spanked, it seemed to hurt.
A Mini Version of the Munich Hofbrauhaus where they actually fly the beer in. It's like Oktoberfest every night. I visit every time I visit Vegas and I'm never disappointed. Liter German HB Beers are about $15 each and the food is imported and cooked up by German Chefs. 
There's usually a live band with great music and usually some folks dancing about. 
You owe it to yourself not to waste your money on the haughty over priced places on the strip and splurge a little here instead.
The Hofbrauhaus is a great place to bring your friends or your naughty kids. My friends and I were on an all guys trip to Vegas and on our last night we decided to check this place out. We had no reservations, but within one hour, we were able to make a reservation via open table, and get seated. I was impressed because there were 10 of us and it was a Saturday night. As soon as we get there I was overwhelmed with the 

The ENVIRONMENT is huge! They have a live band at the very front and the decor is great. Very German/Oktoberfestish. All seating is on wooden picnic bench style seats.  One thing to keep in mind is the noise. It's really loud when a band is playing.  So loud that we had to pretty much yell at each other to have a conversation. However, just because it's loud, it doesn't mean you can fart at will. You have to remember that its picnic bench style seating and your friends will still feel the vibration.  

The FOOD here was satisfactory IMO. I asked our server for his recommendation and he suggested the Jagerschnitzel. It's a pork cutlet with bacon and onions covered in mushroom sauce. Plate also comes with cranberries and Spatzle which is a German noodle. The Spatzle taste like macaroni. The pork was a little gristly for me but the overall blend of everything on the plate was pretty good.  

The BEER tasted great and was so refreshing. Since we were there in October the seasonal beer was the famous Oktoberfest. All their beers are brewed and imported from Munich Germany. We all ordered our beers in that huge beer mug that you can serve rootbeer floats in. It was so good that I wanted another but the night was young and that one mug already had me feelin pretty good.  

SPANKING SERVICE - While we were waiting for our food this lady AKA The Jager Girl came to our table and asked us if we wanted a Jager shot. She didn't say how much and we didn't care to ask at the time because we wanted one of our friends who never drinks and is really shy to get loose. So a few of us bought shots for him. We didn't realize that you get spanked for every shot you take. He took it well and we later found out that each shot was only 5 dollars. So then we all decided to get one. 

The actual SERVICE of the restaurant was pretty good as well. They checked on us quite a bit and our food was brought out in a timely manner. 

Overall, it was a great experience. Solid 4 stars for me.
For me, the main bonus of staying so off the Strip at the Hard Rock was how close the Hofbrauhaus was.  While living in Germany, this was a main stop for giant beers and plates of schnitzel.  It was nice to relive that experience at the Hofbrauhaus Las Vegas and we even got sat with a boisterous man from Munich at one of the many communal tables.  We didn't get the big beers but I forgot how much I loved the HB Hefeweizen. 

The only downside for me was the "German" potato salad which was much less German and more backyard American barbecue.  I was really looking forward to it but ended up disappointed.  

Despite that one hiccup, we had a good time and after going from one smokey casino to the next, I really appreciated the smoke free environment.
Even though I've been to Vegas many times, I'd never heard or been to the Hofbrauhaus, until now. I wouldn't say this is a place for everyone. However, if you're like me where you love dive bars and you love beer (huge steins of beer!), than you will LOVE this place! 

The food kind of sucked, some of the worst wurst I've had in my life (and it looked gross too), but forget about that. It's all about the beer... the giant steins of beer... and getting wasted enough to get spanked with a wooden paddle (warning, the more diesel you look, the harder you'll get wacked)...it's about doing the chicken dance (my favorite!) and singing along to classics like Sweet Caroline.  

YES, a good ol time indeed!
If you like beer, broads and loud music, this place is for you. 

I am on a health kick so my food options were limited but my fried fish was soo soo okay. the potatoe salad was a little unlike the mexican picnic blend i grew up on but not bad. 

The rowdyness of the place and the fact that nice looking broads go around swatting the patrons is cool and fun if you are into that kind of thing. 

My friends did not say much about the sausage and stuff, but they sure seemed to like the beer. 

Great fun - great atmosphere. 

Huge place for huge crowds and loud drinking folks!!
BEWARE DAS BOOT (and the manager)

So HBH sells beers in boots. Pretty awesome and I wanted one. Friends and I ordered them and 5 minutes later we get slips of paper saying "we acknowledge beer is sold separately." Looked at the menu, and sure enough the dumb plastic boots are 20 bucks.

Definitely did not see that on the menu, nor was I interested in squeezing a plastic boot in my carry on. I told the waiter we did not want the boot, we had made the mistake, we were very sorry, but we wanted our beer poured into glass steins that we did not have to buy.

FIRST, I fully acknowledge the mistake was mine. What I don't agree with OR appreciate was what the manager did afterwards. 

He came over, and anticipating an apology for the confusion, instead got a guilt trip from the fact that they can't reuse the 2 boots he had poured and had to "eat the cost." THEY'RE MADE IN CHINA! How much can they cost? 5 cents each? He even awkwardly paused like I was going to jump in and offer to pay for them.

Haven't been a restaurant manager before, but I don't think "make the customer feel guilty in hopes they pay for wasted product" is part of the restaurant manual.
We have been there twice now, once for lunch a few years ago and just recently for dinner. The food is very good and the beer is excellent. This last time the musicians were there and they provided a fun and entertaining evening.
We would go back again and recommend this venue.
ZIIGGGY ZIGGGY ZIGGGY Oi Oi Oi!

We had a pharmacy gathering here for oktoberfest & it was amazing.  I ordered desserts as always & it tasted amazing! I ordered a three-tier dessert and each tier was very different.  I dont recall what they were cause I was pretty buzzzzz from the beer, but I remembering enjoying them. I have tried their salads & pretzels.  The salads and pretzels are my favorites and it is a must try.  

The place does get noisy and rowdy, but that makes the place even crazier and fun.  Overall, the service was good, our waitress was very friendly and made sure we had our orders correctly and would come back here again!
I went to the original Hofbrauhaus in Europe and thought it was a giant tourist trap...well it's even more of a tourist trap here! 

Let's play the adjective game:
oom-pah filled
kitschy
super-loud
brown creamy sauce-y (Have to make it an adjective)
WTF...what's going on with those spankings? (not an adjective)

Ok, so I'm experiencing a classic Vegas moment of cognitive dissonance...something I know (and don't quite love) from Europe has been transported via the Starship Enterprise to be adjacent to my hotel in Vegas.  I can see how this place could be fun, but really?  Is there where you come in Vegas?  

The Food:
Food is standard German fare, and it was acceptable but nothing special.  Sausages, spaetlzle, sauerkraut, big cuts of meat in brown creamy sauce.  It's served promptly and without any circumstance.

The Beer:
Well, they have the basic Hofbrauhaus beers: light, dark, a few seasonals.  Prices top actual Oktoberfest prices by quite a bit...they even make Canada and NYC seem cheap.  The Germans are not imaginative with their beer styles, but what they do, they do well.

The Atmosphere:
Loud!  It's this strange super-new looking version of what is a very old establishment in Germany.  They have an oom-pah band going which they seem to have imported, however, they're quite hard to make out because the sound system is poor.  The crowd is a little bit rowdy.  You even see some real Germans there, well, because they like to eat German food when they travel.

The Weird:
Whack! Is that middle-aged, fat business man being spanked by the waitress?  WTF?  They have this uber-strange practice here, in which a busty  "shot girl" comes over, sells you a shot, and gives you a very loud whack with a wooden paddle.  This is apparently their Las Vegas twist on the Hofbrauhaus...super strange! This is not a German tradition, in any way, shape, or form.  It was kind of creepy seeing groups of drunken middle-aged men bending over to get spanked in public.  They even sell T-Shirts that announce "I've been spanked at the Hofbrauhaus"

Ok, so I can see how this is something you might enjoy, but I, for one, can certainly skip it.
I used to enjoy this place.  Unfortunately the cute waitresses and ambiance has gone by the wayside.  The DJ on my Saturday Night(I'm still sitting at the table) hosted 2 ridiculous contests which were preceded by 30 minute idiotic monologues...The band barely played, and the spankings were the only highlight.  The guy on the mic should go back to OG's to call Destiny to the stage...
Make sure you get Apple Schnapps and get a spanking to go  with it! Came for my 25th birthday and had the best night of my life! If you love beer this is the place to be, had a liter of Dunkel and tasted like it was straight from Bavaria
Not bad: feels very much like the Munich original (albeit that is a little tourist kitsch itself).

Be aware that means quite a noisy environment, and communal tables.

But the service was good, the Jagerschnitzel and Spatzl I choose were generously proportioned and well prepared, and the beer was fine.
So I came here with a group of friends and it did not disappoint. They have a live band that is flown in and the food is good. If you haven't figured it out, it's pretty much German food, so if you're into heavy meats, this is the place to go. Why 4/5 stars? We'll its a little bit on the pricy side ($20-$30) and it kind of took a while to get there. Maybe I was hungry but it just seemed like a while. It also gets pretty packed so make sure you make a reservation to save some time. Luckily for us, we did!
Another gem off the strip in Vegas. Wonderful food! Wonderful atmosphere! and wonderful service. One of the most unusual places in Vegas and I am a regular from the east coast that goes out 2-3 times per year. Would recommend this to anyone but especially a large group. What fun!
Good atmosphere, good food!
Excellent food but it can be very loud.  The entertainment is great with just one man performing for quite a while.  I've been to Germany and the Hofbräuhaus Platte is quite possibly better than anything I had while there.  If you like good German food, make this a stop on your list.
Munich via Vegas.  Totally legit.
Loud, obnoxious, happy and fun----Oktoberfest every day.  

5 stars because they have kartoffelknodel, which is (ironically) very difficult to find at german restaurants these days.   Food is on par with ...well, Germany.

Parents: this place is fine for kids (they enjoy the energy), but it's entirely too noisy here for infants.  Don't be idiots.
amazing atmosphere & service!
We stayed near the strip for my husband's birthday so I wanted to go to a place we wouldn't normally go to. I chose about 3 to 4 possibilities. My husband liked the idea of eating at Hofbrauhaus so we decided to give it a try even though I knew this place is better for big groups. We walked in to people on the table with their beer in hand singing their hearts out! I thought "Oh cool!" . I was secretly glad the hostess led us to the quieter beer garden though. I just wanted a semi peaceful evening!

It was a nice size space and it looked like we were sitting outside. The ceiling was painted with a beautiful blue sky and there were cute  lanterns hovering around us.  They also have freelance photographers who walk around offering to take souvenir photos of you . We bought one since we were celebrating Jon's birthday.  If sentimental gestures are not your thing they have shot girls who will give you shots while smacking your bottom with a wooden paddle! 
Some of the ladies really get into it they kind of do a three step jog then swing! We were fine just watching. It was pretty entertaining to watch while you wait for your food.

The food comes out really quick so there isn't really a wait time. I was pleasantly  surprised because the place was packed. We started off with the Creamy Bavarian Potato soup. It was too salty for me so I just had a couple of spoons of it. We also ordered the Jumbo Complete which was a big pretzel served with "Obatzer" cheese, sweet mustard and onion mustard. The sweet mustard was my favorite! The pretzel was also too salty for me so I just tried to avoid eating the outside of the pretzel. I had the Schnitzel Wiener Art for my main entree . It is a breaded pork cutlet that is served with Bavarian potato salad and cranberry sauce. It looked like a big chicken patty. The taste was okay but I think I would have liked it better if I dipped it in the mustard rather than the cranberry sauce. The potato salad I was expecting to taste amazing because they specialize in this type of cuisine but it was unremarkable. The strudel is amazing here though! It was so soft and tasted wonderful! 

This is a nice place to go out with friends and have a few beers. I would go back again but I would order different items off the menu. I would keep my dessert the same though!
While having a stay-cation, my boyfriend and I walked around the area.  He had never been to Hard Rock so we walked over from the strip.  I have always wanted to go to the Hofbrauhaus and so when we were over we had to stop in.

We sat down at the bar they have outside the restaurant and he got the hefeweizen and I just got their lager.  I loved the baby mug (10oz or .3L) that I got.  I have to go back one day after work and buy like 2 of them.  I have issues with these baby mugs!  The lager was good and light but I taste the hefeweizen and about had a heart attack!  It was the best hefeweizen I have ever tasted.  My boyfriend was going over the food and was drooling.  He hasn't had German food since he was there so we made reservations to come back that night.

We came back at 7pm and were seated right away.  Ordered each of us a liter of hefeweizen and pretzel and brie cheese app.  OMG the brie cheese concoction, delicious!!!  I just wanted to eat it alone it was sooooo good.  We shared the 3 different sausage plate which came with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.  We also ordered potato salad.  German potato salad is different, more vinegar, but still yummy.  The sausage was good too, one was my favorite but don't remember what was in it.  The food came out fast and the waitress are friendly even with crazy drunks around.  While we were eating they had a band playing traditional German music and also some American.

They had girls going around spanking people, had a beer holding contest (1 Liter, not easy) and just a great time.  We have plans to go back again!!!  I need some hefeweizen!!!
Just not my cup of tea. Food wasn't very good either and was pretty expensive.  Communal dining isn't for me
Great service, excellent beer, and the food is hard to beat! Recommended!
If you're looking for a fun dinner place that is not too expensive, Hofbrauhaus is definitely a place to check out. I came here with my family the first day of our Vegas trip. The atmosphere is lively, with live bands and a paddle lady (and yes, you order the right drink you get a paddlin'). The beers are good, and if you choose, HUGE. The food is typical German food, very tasty. The only downside is that it is off the strip, so if you're not staying at the Hard Rock, you'll need a cab to get there.
this place is a blast!   like being in Munich all year...we celebrate alot of occasions here and always fun..good food..
If you LOVE  beer this is the place to go!  I am not into drinking gallons of beer, nor standing on tables singing at the top of my lungs, and definitely not into sharing my table with people who are!   That said, the food is just ok - could be more on that plate for being so overpriced!  I love German food and can cook it better in my own kitchen.  And, what's with that spanking?  Ridiculous!  Keep it in the bedroom not by my dinner plate!  BUT, if you are that frat  boy breaking out as an adult and feel the need to express yourself while making an a** of yourself in public, then this is the place for you!  Fun, fun, fun!  OM PA OM PA!
I don't care that this is a chain restaurant, everything from the venue, to the food, to the waitresses screams authentic to me.  The high ceilings, communal tables and benches, live German music make this spot ideal for a family out for lunch, or a group of friends looking to get sloshed and spanked on the butt (which they will do when you order a shot of schnapps, oh yeah!)

I've had German food, but not in Germany, so it would be quite difficult for me to review the meal.  It boiled down to personal preferences for me.. I prefer my sauerkraut cold, not warm, and I prefer my schnitzel not to taste too.. "porky".  So if you aren't a full-blooded Bavarian chap, I suggest you stick to the sausages and steaks.  The apfelstrudel is really good with extra vanilla ice cream :)  

P.S. If you you aren't feeling the communal main dining hall or the beautiful beer garten with blue skies, there's a tiny sports bar by the entrance where you can watch sports and still enjoy the bier.
This place is really dark and noisy! Great if you're looking to have fun and party with some friends! The beer is awesome and come in gigantic mugs the size of my head. I had the vegan sausage which was alright! It was a fun first experience but I would probably never return unless my friends begged. Also I think you could pay to be spanked with a paddle! I told you it's a good time ;P This place is a go for a good time, but a no for good German food.
Hofbrauhaus is located off the strip, with good beer and decent food. Beer is served ice cold in a giant frosty mug, there are communal tables so you get to know your neighbor if the place is crowded. Overall I wasn't impressed with the food, but the atmosphere and beer were good. I would return next time I am in Vegas.
Simple German food in a great environment. Great service and music entertainment. The food, being what it is, is quite bland for the American palate, so you should know that going in. The big downfall of this place is the ridiculous almost crazy prices. The prices here are not just a bit over, they are NUTS. Absolutely downright madness...even in a city where things are expensive. (I don't recall the Hofbrauhaus outside of Cincy being this bloated in price.) 19$ for a plate of fried fish (and gross, super cheap Tilapia on top of that), 16$ for a couple chicken sausages...The beer is also pricey but not as off as the food. 13.99 for a pretzel and some side fixings. Yes it was a giant pretzel, but that is ridonkulous that it's so ridiculous. I'd say come here for a beer, share a pretzel or an entree and scoot if you REALLY want to come here. Otherwise you will spend a boatload on very simply flavored food!!
I have been going to the original Hofbrauhaus since the 80's, and when I heard about the one in Vegas, I was a bit dubious, but I must say, it is very authentic. I lived in Munich for several years, and yes, while the Hofbrauhaus is very touristy, I still go there and enjoy the food, beer and ambiance. I find the Vegas branch sometimes tries a little too hard to be like the original, but the customers always seem to have a good time, and if I want a bit of peace, I will sit in the bar and eat there. 

The beer is absolutely like the beer in German, the pretzels are great and the bratwurst, while not perfect, are still outstanding. My favorite beer is the Hefeweizen, hard to find the real stuff in the USA.  I highly recommend this place to get your fix of Bavaria.
Very interesting place! Nothing on the menu was enticing but then I am not that big at eating german food! Looked very authentic and the beer was "so so"! Wait staff lacked customer service quality! I ended up ordering just fries and a 1/2 liter beer! Fries were way to greasy and topped with some chive like substance. Not a place I would return to!
Yeah baby, this is as good as it gets (at least this side of Munich). Great food, beer and gemuetlichkeit. It's the happiest place in Las Vegas. Of course afterwards you feel drunk and over ate to a point where you might throw up, but it's all worth the trip. 

I wanna go back so bad..............
This place was a must-stop on our Vegas trip as my husband lived in Germany and we are both addicted to Wurst. We knew exactly what to get (having eaten the authentic versions) and ordered the Nuernberger Wurst and the Muenchner (Munich) Weisswurst and we were pretty pleased with the results. I would say the Nuernburger was better, and was served with more filling and delicious side dishes (sauerkraut and mashed potatoes) that both tasted pretty authentic. Although the Weisswurst came with the sweet mustard (to die for) the only other thing on the plate was some garnish and a pretzel. 

Another person at the table got the Frankfurter sausage and, quite honestly, it looked just like a hot dog. Go with the Nuernberger or the Muenchner if you are going to get sausage. 

My only complaint was the noise level. Once we walked through the doors into the restaurant area, we were immediately blasted with 100 drunk people yelling. How this place is listed as good for children, I have no idea. Bad idea. Too loud, too many drunk people, a lot of spanking and cleavage everywhere you look.
Very fun place, great for groups, a little hard to hear if on a date, but very lively and fully of the usualy Germna energy.  Very Similar to the Original in Munich, which I've been to a few times.Good German Music, good beer, good pretzels.  I have been a couple times now, and would recommend just sampling appetizers and beers.  I always rate german places based on the snitchel, and this one wasn't that good.  I think is was too light and baked, not fried.
--RibChamp
This was an awesome experience, I've never been to any place like this, and have never been so exposed to the German culture. Tons of fun, food was good, beer can get expensive because its $15 to buy a liter... But it's very good beer and well worth it.
Zum Glück gibt es das Hofbräuhaus in LV. Jeder der aus Deutschland kommt hat nach 3 Tagen Bud,Bud light, Budweiser oder die ganze andere Plärre die man als Bier verkauft bekommt dermaßen Ransenblitzen, so dass ein Weg ins gelobte Hofbräuhaus unausweichlich ist.
Das Bier ist lecker die Speisen durchweg schmackhaft die Bedienungen auf Zack und der Preis angemessen.Wenn man aber bedenkt dass man in den Hotels auf dem Strip zwischen 8 und 9 Bucks hinblättern muss um etwas zu bekommen auf dem Beer steht aber schmeckt wie geschwollene Füße, dannist das Bier im Hofbräuhaus recht günstig.
Auf jeden Fall ist es zu empfehlen!!
Decided to give this place a try this trip into Vegas, having been to the original location in Munich on one of our trips to Europe. There are definitely aspects of this place that reminds me of the Munich hofbrauhaus, the decor, the band, the costumes and the booze. but here they offer 0.3 and 0.5L sizes in addition to the original 1L size for the beer.  Now for whats different: They have girls giving out "free" jäger shots, for which they get to smack Ur ass with a paddle...HARD. That was definitely a Vegas-y touch. But the beer and food were pretty good, almost as good as in Deuchland :) .
Amazing German food and beer!!!! The atmosphere is awesome with a live German band and people having fun. Hard to find German beer is my favorite I order a dunked and a lemonade drink half the dunked and dump the lemon into the other half it's so good. And make sure you by a shot while your there it's a must
The food was decent. The place is pretty noisey. So if you're looking for a place for a quiet conversation, this is not the place to go. It's a place to bring a group of friends to drink beer.

I had the sausage and it was smaller than I expected. But what I didn't like was the service. It took a really longtime to order, get the food, get refills on my drink, to get the bill, and also to get change from the bill.  It was just ridiculous.

If I come here next time I'll make sure that I have plenty of time to waste because the service is just really slow.
Eat, drink, and be merry... mostly drink!!  It's a Bavarian beer wonderland.  Tickey tockey, tickey tockey, Prost Prost Prost!  The brew band is a lot of fun with hits like the 'Don't forget to drink' song and 'It's time to drink'.  The beer and food is yum yum in the tum tum.  Be warned though, the food is quite rich & heavy.  

You'll notice the Jagermeister shot girls working the floor.  Apparently if you opt to do a Jager shot with these gals they'll spank you with a vented paddle that reminds me a frat house spanking stick.  Some of the girls gave folks a gentle little pat pat, and then there were others who really wound up and whacked the crap out of their customers.  So if you plan to partake in the Jagers & spankings, you might want to strategically select your shot gal.

Use caution in the parking lot, as there are a lot of panhandlers.
We came in on a wednesday afternoon and wanted to get some beers and snacks.
I was surprised that they only had three beers, but I guess that's just the Hofbrauhaus way.  I had wanted to try a range of German beers, but three was what we had to choose from.  The wheat was probably the best, but nothing to come back for.

We got this great food sampler the server recommended for us.
Two pretzels, two mustards, tons fo sauerkraut, and maybe 5 or 6 different sausages.
The pretzels did not taste super fresh, but were quite good. 
The sausages were amazing.

All in all, I don't feel a need to return, which is a shame, but it was a fun experience and I would recommend trying it if you haven't.
The atmosphere is what brought us in, and did not disappoint. Very well decorated and servers in authentic costumes. That's where the good stuff ends...
Signed up online for the newsletter to get a free beer coupon. They needed the paper coupon, not just the email on my phone, so coupon not honored. Who has a printer when visiting Vegas? Server said we wouldn't want it anyways because its only a tiny free beer. 
The heffe beer was good, but not $8 a beer good. 
We wanted to order the lunch special of the day, but server said lunch ended at 4:00... We had to point out it was 3:50 and server was not happy.  Server was not very happy or enthusiastic about anything. 
2 beers, a pretzel, and a salad = $54.  That's pricey, even for Vegas... And its not on the strip, so add $20 in cab fare.
I'll pass next time.
Geez.. Some uptight people here. Yes, it's a tourist trap. Are you expecting world renown chefs from GERMANY to be cooking here? Ugghh.. It's all about fun, food, beer and atmosphere. It's loud and fun and expensive. I don't make a habit of going every week but maybe every few years. Always good food, happy beer girls and laughs abound! -- Geez, people.. Lighten up! My 2 year old loves this place! He literally told me "i love it, Mama", when I fed him my roast beef. :)
I really enjoyed the jovial atmosphere here and the food is solid. I had the sausage served with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut. Some of the sausages were great but others were just OK. The sauerkraut though was just beautiful. I'd call it new sauerkraut because it was less fermented than normal which made it very pleasant to eat on its own. I think the food is reasonably priced, expect $20 an entree, given the added cost of the semi elaborate accompanying atmosphere.

Now while the atmosphere was fun, I'd prefer if the live music matched the theme of the restaurant a bit more. Hearing songs like the U.S. national anthem and other U.S. classics was kind of odd in a place this strongly German themed. The beers were great, and the waitresses gave out incredibly entertaining paddle spankings with the purchase of a shot. It's fun! -- but it could be better.
The food is good and service has always been great. You must have the beers to have a complete experience.
This review is based solely on the really good Vegan Frankfurters they have here. First off, that was a surprise, to see they even had a Vegetarian section that also had Frankfurters! And were they good; they come with a tangy curry and a side of fries (you can sub for a salad if you want). 

Spidey and I came here to try out another German restaurant, and this one always comes up, so we thought, why not?

The inside is made out to look like a German hall, complete with long tables were you are forced to sit close to strangers. It's a very nice place, very open and bright, but I can see that when they get busy, it would be very crowded. As it was a weekday afternoon, there weren't that many people there. 

So we got the radish dish to start, which is a work of art. They give you a mound of spiral radish and ones shaped like flowers amongst slices of buttered bread with chives. Really good.

Spidey got some meat smothered in gravy with a dumpling that she really liked. For dessert we got the apple strudel and the black forest cake, all very good.

The food was good, but the service lacked a lot here. Like I stated before, there were not many people here (less than 20) but we were there for well over 2 hours, waiting mostly for our things. The dessert was the worst part, because our waitress came over and asked if we had gotten it yet. No. We had not. So she had to go and get it, which took a very long time. 

I would go back just to have the vegan furters again, but other than that, I wouldn't.
At first, when I saw the $14 price for a hamburger, that was quite a sticker shock.  I decided to go with it because the waitress insisted it was a very large portion.  She did not exaggerate.  It's not quite $14 worth of hamburger (I have had that, and this aint it), but it is a very high quality hamburger at a very generous size.  Factor the extra you're paying toward the experience as you watch drunken idiots get spanked by a wooden paddle (not kidding).
If you judge this place based on the atmosphere of the original location in Munich, this place actually does a pretty good job.

Parking is available in the back, but the lot isn't the biggest.  We ended up parking at the Hyatt next door (signage seemed to indicate it was allowed but I can't be sure).

While waiting in front, there's a bar area where you can chill over a beer or two, or browse the souvenir shop.

The main dining room of this location is noticeably smaller than its German big brother, but they did a lot of work painting the interior to match the real deal.  Special mention goes to the ceiling artwork.  The back of the hall has an "outdoor" dining room that is quite stunning.  It's fully indoors, but the sky-painted ceilings and decor really make you think you're dining on a patio.  This outdoor room is reserved for special occasions though.

There was a football match the day we went, so they had TVs wheeled out.

There's this one guy hired to play the alpenhorn, and he was go around making sure everyone was slightly drunk and happy.  Not the same as the real band in Munich, but he kept us all amused.

Beers are available in 0.3L, 0.5L, and 1.0L varieties.  Hopefully you know your metric.  One great thing about weissbier (wheat beer) is that it goes down easy.  There are different varieties for you to try as well.  And for the most authentic experience, you obviously want the biggest glass.  I don't even think they have the smaller ones in Germany, but that was a few years back.

Food is quite delightful and quite authentic, but not for everyone.  Many of the foods are pickled.  The sausages were decent but a bit on the mushy side.  But I really enjoyed their pickled beet salad (mush?) and sauerkraut - both quite good.

Service was prompt and very friendly.  Wi-Fi is available, but it was quite spotty.

The only thing is that this place can get pricey really quickly.  At some $20 a dish and $10 for a beer, you can see how this can get expensive if you have a family.

Of course, at the end, be sure to swing by the souvenir shop if you didn't do so at the beginning.  Much of the swag doesn't say "Las Vegas" on it, so if you wanted to trick someone into thinking you went to Germany..

Overall, a fun time.  Not exactly what you'd experience as a tacky tourist in Germany, but actually quite close.
Me and my beer and wine friends went to vegas last summer for july. We drove out 
to vegas to get a bite to eat and some good brew.
Friends mentioned a german beer house.
Unbelievable party spot!!!! This is a place to eat, drink and be merry 
_____________________________
Staff treated us with upbeat attitude.

A must visit while in vegas.
Awesome place, bring a group of people and have fun. Awesome food / great beer!
Good sausages and food in general. Not spectacular but good.

Professional service.

Terribly limited selection of beers. And the few available are not so good.

Not so great dessert options, and the few available are not so great.

So expensive compared to what you get!

Overall this place is fine. Not bad, not great, just fine
Delicious German food, and a friendly staff. I'm not that big of a fan on German food to begin with, but me and a friend went here to get back to our roots and try the taste of Germany.

The prices were a bit high, but being by the strip it's to be expected.
This place has a festive environment and tasty beer but the food is rather poor.  I would not come back to eat here but simply to enjoy the ambiance of the crowd.
Good food and very attentive staff.  I agree with other reviewers, though.  The prices are steep for what you're getting and the beer options could be more diverse than light, medium and dark.
Great atmosphere.. Lots of fun, .. Do not go for the food, not worth the money, or the disappointment on the palate..
Do not come here with a group of more than 4. They don't know how to take a reservation. We called ahead for a group of 15 and in the end they could not seat us all. However they didn't tell us this until 3/4th of our group was already seated and drinking beer. They basically told us too bad, we don't have the seats for your other guests. How do you tell 5 friends that they don't have seats for them after making a reservations and plans all day to drink and eat here?!?! I am very disappointed and will not be giving them any further business. Do not bring your large group here. Go elsewhere an have a good time.
Great all around experience!  I'm half Germany so they do a great job at bringing oktoberfest to vegas everyday.  My food was really good and the pretzels are AMAZING!  Not a huge fan of german beer so it would be nice for them to offer something else for the people that don't drink german beer.  Whatever you do don't order the vienna sausage meal...its a couple hot dogs in a bowl of water.  The entertainment value and the pretzels are what keeps me going back.
Before coming here, there was a strong debate between the couple taking me. They were debating whether or not it was an appropriate place to take their pastor. For this young pastor from the midwest, the answer is absolutely! (Remember, pastors are people too)

The "town hall" atmosphere was really fun and kitschy and I loved all of the interaction between the staff and the diners. It was loud, crazy, German, and way too much fun! The food was also very good and hit that comfort zone. Anytime that I can have pretzels and beer is a solid day!

ziggy zaggy, ziggy zaggy, oi, oi, oi!
What a fun place. Good German food, and pints of beer! If you can't get to Germany, then you need to check this place out. The waitresses wear the bar maid outfits, and are very fun and friendly. The community tables also make it fun.
I moved to the United States from The Fatherland in 1973 and was raised on German food. Time and time again I crave the taste of Germany and the Hofbrauhaus makes a noble attempt. All in all the food is good but it is lacking a little in flavor.  The staff did a good job. As expected, the beer was good and the entertainment was, well, entertaining.
Awesome place to enjoy some great German beer and traditional foods, all in a rowdy German atmostphere. The food is good but a little expensive and overpriced. Fast service and live entertainment were the best parts and you can get beers in 1 liter mugs. Music is a little loud though so this isn't the best place to have a business meeting or important conversation
The food was pretty good, certainly not to the standard of the real Hofbräuhaus in Munich, Germany. The first day we went for lunch, the band played German music giving the place that Bavarian festive atmosphere. Really fun. 

We went back two days later at night. How disappointing. The same band was playing American music, catering to the myriads of drunks. I guess that's what they are supposed to do - get customers to drink beer, but the Bavarian feel was gone. Had we known that, we could have gone to eat somewhere we could have enjoyed it.
Nicht gut!
Hofbrauhaus used to be a hidden gem in Vegas, simply because it was off strip, but now it's getting quite popular.  The food is great and filling, the perfect food to down a few beers with and prepare yourself for Vegas fun.

The atmosphere is also really lively.  It reminds me of a large cafeteria, and there's entertainment.  And the staff is very nice.  If you're looking for something away from the strip, I'd come here.
It's a huge room (2 big rooms, actually) with huge German beers (and draft German beer = awesome tastiness).  The "indoor" room has the bandstand, so that's where the party is.  The "outdoor" (standard LV sky painted ceiling) has a working fountain and balcony, which look nice.  A great overflow/quiet room to escape any nuttiness in the main room.

And let's be clear, this is Vegas (and America), so it's super fake and non-authentic (think Venetian), but it tries, the beer is awesome, and the food is good enough, so I'd be back.  If you think you'll be transported to Munich, take another look at the map and come back to Earth.

Went on a Saturday afternoon with the wife and the daytime solo act was one of the best one-man shows I've seen in a while.  Funny, musical, interactive.  Oh, and toasts drinking often, in case you needed a reason.  Folks are looking to have fun and talk with each other (i.e., not a normal American bar), so that's a huge plus.

I'll be back here again on a weekend night to try it out--yeah, it's that worth it.

As for the food, the schnitzel isn't breaded (?!) and they charge for extra Jaeger sauce, which is stupid, but the spaetzle isn't bad and the Wien Wuerstl (Vienna sausage) is spot-on (with that special German snap).  The black forest cake is horrid, more like a Devil's food cake with a couple cherries, so avoid that at all costs.
I can't believe this place got good reviews. I was served a cold, stale pretzel. The bartender had his back to the bar almost the entire time I was there(over an hour). I didn't even bother getting an entree like I planned. I managed only 1 beer and a stale pretzel for the 1.5 hours I was there because the bartender was non-existent. Pathetic.
Great German Food close to the Hard Rock hotel.
Ridiculously overpriced and the damn band plays country music. (aside from the obligatory Ein Prosit every half hour).

They'll put their matterhorn on your table and get pissed off if you don't put money on it.

So pushy, fake, and overpriced. Basically a microcosm of Vegas.
Had the pleasure of meeting  Klaus and his family last night while having a rocking feast at the Hofbrauhaus.  Now for those who have been to the original in Munich, don't expect the same experience.  The Munich one has been around for a long time and is both a local hangout and a tourist attraction plus the beer isn't quite the same.  Still The LV version provides a taste of the german brew house.  The pretzels are unique to the area and bigger than your head.  The schnitzel is excellent and the portions large.  The beer pricing is reasonable and it is always fun to waive a liter of beer around.  The band always gets the crowd up on the tables and the servers are friendly.  Watch out for the paddle!!!

Great place just across from the HRH in an area that is starting to get a late night crowd as more pubs open nearby.  There is free valet parking (tip those guys, they work hard) or you can park for free at the hotel next door.
The most authentic German bar I've ever been to.

The decor resembles Munich's famous Hofbrauhaus, for sure. While the Vegas climate is too hot to mimic a traditional biergarden, they have a beer hall inside, surrounded by a landscaped indoor biergarden, as well as more drinking rooms.

This location obviously caters to tourists. It's across from HRH and UNLV, so the crowd here is typically younger.

They import their beers from Munich. I believe they even brew some on-site.

The food was good, but my only complaint was it was very Americanized. Last I checked, fries were not part of German cuisine.

If you buy a shirt, you can get paddled. I got paddled and it was AWESOME.

The only downside was the price. $30 for a sandwich and a large beer? I'll pass on that. But it's Vegas, so you can make an exception for Hofbrauhaus.
The beer here was pretty tasty. The meal I had, though super yummy and a large portion, was not worth the amount I paid.  The music was DEAFENING, the service was slightly lacking  (confusion with the orders, no split check, unhelpful) and overall experience was meh.
We had a lot of fun here for my grandma's 75th birthday!  The musicians were GREAT and created such a fun atmosphere!  Everything we ordered was delicious, and the service was fast and very helpful.  As locals, we can't wait to have more visitors just to bring them here!

This spot has definitely become one of our favorite places to visit in Vegas.
Many tasty looking things on the menu. Unfortunately items are seemingly randomly paired with "fixed" sides and substitutions are not allowed. For instance, if you don't like potato salad you will be expected to have the potato salad "held" from your plate and pay $4.99 for a different side. All sides are listed as $4.99, including the one you just had "held" from your plate, so why refuse to be accommodating to a customer who is already paying $19.99 for a lunch entree? This is especially difficult at a place where most of the sides are like it or leave it options like red cabbage and sauerkraut. I couldn't find two options that looked appetizing so I watched the rest of my party eat and sipped my water. My husband ordered the 306 and was underwhelmed. We ended up spending $7 for my daughter to eat a dry pretzel after they tacked on a $4 upcharge for cheese she couldn't stand. Their Radler is mixed with Sierra Mist, which is close to heresy. All of this from a girl who was born in Germany and loved the food. This place is a tourist trap with good beer.
I LOVE this place!  The food, environment, service, beer, band...everything - always amazing! I highly recommend stopping in when you're in the area!
This place is so much fun. Everybody is drinking gigantic beers and the german food is delicious. You pay a little extra but its worth it because the atmosphere is great.  Also, if you order a shot of jager, they will paddle you.  Seriously. And it hurts so good
The decor was fun and the beer was good.  The costumes were entertaining and the atmosphere was enjoyable.  My waitress was attentive and nice.  Overall it was a fun evening and I had a good time.  I would go back to this restaurant with a group of friends but the volume is high enough that I would avoid taking anyone I wanted to have a good conversation with.  

That said there were some issues.  

First:  The music when we showed up was really fun.  It wasn't authentic seeming but it was good party music.  They did have a little tribute with an alphorn that the band members carried from table to table.  Then the band took a break and when they came back the music style swapped from accordions to guitars and they began playing music that really did not fit the pre-break atmosphere.  I also felt it was inappropriate when they asked everyone to stand for the national anthem, it is not Veteran's day or Memorial day and I did not go to a Bavarian/German restaurant to be invaded by US politics.  Really....if you're gonna play an anthem, at least play one from Germany.  

Second:  The food was mediocre at best.  There was very little sauerkraut on the plate and the sausages were somewhat bland.  I ordered a pretzel and it came from the kitchen half frozen.  Presentation of the plate was poor and unappealing.  I really did enjoy the darker beer though.  

Third:  Price.  At 20$ each, I would expect a lot more in both quality and presentation.
Nothing to complain about....
Very fun spot!
Raucous crowd - all drinking good imported German beer. Live band and emcee! Just a fun night of waving 34 oz. beer steins around. 

The food was classic German and was very good. 

The beer is expensive for a pint, but it is almost 3-12oz. beers worth. 

If you have a large group and want to have some good, clean fun in Vegas, come here!!
Amazing place to meet amazing people. The only place with true authentic German beer.
I've eaten at the original Hofbräuhaus in central Munich several times, and did not expect this one to compare, but I did expect the chefs to take pride in their food. 

The only (and perhaps most important) noteworthy offering was their beer selection.  It was all authentic, fresh, delicious, and served in the proper glasses.

The pretzel was authentic tasting but rather stale (i.e, at least a day old), which is inexcusable.   Furthermore, we had to pay an extra $2 for "authentic Bavarian" mustards (sweet and spicy).  Neither was remotely German.  In fact, I saw them use Gulden's for the spicy mustard.  Big, early fail in my book.   

The Käsespätzle was mediocre at best.  Very dry and starchy.

The Schweinsbraten lacked the typical richness in both meat and beer sauce, and also tasted about a day old, or as if it came from a cheap buffet steamer tray.

The lentil/sausage soup was quite authentic and rich tasting, but that dish considerably less difficult to mess up.

Ambiance in the bier hall was extremely jovial and loud, making it hard to order or talk - which is expected and entirely OK.

Definitely one of the least enjoyable German dining experiences in the US.
Honestly, I don't understand why anyone would want to hang out at a place that is SO LOUD. It's completely impossible to have a conversation without screaming into the ears of your neighbors - not my idea of a fun time.

My boyfriend and I wanted to try the one vegan dish on their menu: two vegan frankfurters with curry sauce and french fries. It was taking a long time to get our food, so I asked the waitress if the rye bread or pretzels were vegan, and clarified that vegan means no cheese, no butter, no milk, no eggs. She said she would check, but kept forgetting. Finally, by the time our meal came out an hour later, she said she had remembered to ask the cooks, and both the bread and pretzels either have butter in them or on them. At that point I didn't care to investigate further.

The frankfurters and curry sauce were very good, but the french fires appeared to be plain old frozen fries - very bland. For $14.95 I was not impressed.
For some good German food and a good spanking, go to Hofbrauhaus.  Great beer, great food, great service, and great atmosphere! Overall amazing place to go.  You are seated at long tables along side other groups of people and if you order a shot, or say it is your first time there, they spank you with a paddle.  That sound then ripples throughout the hall and you can feel the sting that the victim receives across their butt. Ha.  This place is awesome. I always get the Nürnberger Rostbratwürstl which is basically three pork sausages with a bed of sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.  And they have excellent Dunkel Weiss!! Get the boot!
The prices are a bit of a turnoff, but the food is definitely authentic!

The wieners on my wurstplatte were composed of beef, pig, and two thin chicken ones. As soon as I was about to bite into my dinner, I was interrupted by the excited screaming of some random white dude who was getting spanked by a "German" mistress behind me.

Yes, you heard that right. There are German Mistresses here with paddles, like those wooden ones you see that were meant spanking school girls. The mistresses wear the same exact uniform as the rest of the front staff, so I don't know if SHE was gonna spank me, the HOST was gonna spank me, or the BARTENDER was gonna grab the paddle and get wild on me.

So I asked the guy serving me food and drink, "Is it normal?", and he told me it's somehow related to taking shots of Jagermeister that involves being paddled. 

Note to newcomers, never, ever, order a shot of Jager unless you are expecting some random female to grab a paddle and start paddling your ass away!
The prices are a little high but you do get large portions 
Great atmosphere and good beer
The potato salad was awesome 
My jagersnitzel was a bit tough but full of flavor
Spaetzel was very good
The large pretzel was not as hot as I would like but the mustards were yummy 
We did not really like the whipped cheese spread had a off taste
All in all I would say  give it a try
I have been here three times now and here are my overall views.

I don't care what the acoustics in the building are, you can get sound that can be heard!

The band sounds good, but whenever a person speaks into the microphone it sounds so muffled and garbled its impossible to understand. If they correct that, the atmosphere will be even more party-like and would get much greater participation from customers. As it is, only a couple of tables nearest the stage can understand because they are closest to the stage monitors which are clear and crisp.

It would be nice if everyone, especially those who answer the phone, and the hostesses are informed of what is going on.

I planned to compete in their "Octoberfest" competition and even brought seven friends to cheer me on. We had dinner and drinks, but when it came time for the contest, management said they didn't know why it had happened at an earlier time than scheduled.

I had called and checked first for the times, checked their website, and even looked in the newspaper that they put on my table! All three sources had confirmed they have two contests per night on Fridays and Saturdays.

My friends and I left very disappointed, more from management's total lack of customer service than anything else. They did nothing to even attempt to make it right, they just made excuses and blamed others.

I guess they just feel that they are successful so they don't need to even try.
If you are looking for a great start to a bachelor party or guys night out in Vegas then you have to try Hofbrauhaus. Huge steins of beer, a German girl dishing out shots and then punishing your friends with a wooden paddle, fun music, contests and an overall great atmosphere. Even if you aren't a polka fan (like me) you will find yourself clanking your beer glasses together and singing along with the other patrons. The food isn't the most amazing you've ever had but it is good and they give you big portions.
I come to Vegas about 4-5 times a year for work and finally made it into this restaurant!   We had a blast!   Perfect for a big group, and for being social and taking to people around u!   The food was great, live band, and fun servers!   But watch out for the sneak attack when u get spanked!   Some of those ladies played ball for sure!
It's a good place to go and have fun during Octoberfest. Beer and life band! Food 7/10 service 8.5/10 atmosphere 9/10  
Remember to have a shot and get spank!
This place is rowdy and awesome!
Awful!! They would do better to just serve beer and nothing else. Overpriced and tasteless food. If you have to watch your diet for health reasons forget it, there is nothing here for you, on the other hand if you want to speed up your heart attack this is the place go.
If you go there thinking you will just have a beer and enjoy a nice ambiance than think again, the seating and whole building design is akin to a school cafeteria, to make your unhealthy, expensive, experience just that little bit more uncomfortable.
My 2nd time here, 1st time a friend and I  went on a January Saturday afternoon, was not crowded but filled up quickly.   Great authentic German food and beer

2nd time with family all adults including my 80 year old mother in law, on a Sunday late afternoon.  5 minute wait.  Again great service incredible food  incredible beer and 3 spankings.   We had a blast and will return every time I come to Vegas. 

I lived in Germany for 12 years and this is just as good as the food I got there
Lay off the salt in the food and we'd be 4 stars. Had the goulash and spetzle and the goulash was way too salty. Other than that, awesome atmosphere and fantastic beer. I'd certainly come back for the beer, but might hesitate to eat here again. I've had better German food elsewhere.
This place brings back a bad taste in my mouth literally so to the point.


Place is loud, can barley have a conversation,(which is okay if your wasted)
The seating is very crowded, more than a few times all of us at our party bumped in tot he table behind us and like wise.

The drinks ( mixed drinks were really weak) I tasted from friends drinks,
and worst off the food was ridiculously salty.

The pretzel that came our needed a glass of water per bit/ or dipped in the hotter mustard sauces to mask the saltiness.

the food was also extremely salty, and this was for about 4 of the 8 guys that ate with us. many of us got the jager dish( that was way to salty)


I threw up after a few bites of pretzel and two bites of the jager sausage plate from too much salt( I am sure its the salt since I didnt drink any alcohol the whole day)





The only good that came out of going was the decor, and the fact you get to see some people get smacked so hard on their moneymakers they cry


I cant belive we went here, and I will never go back. Ill stick in the hotel or eat across the street should a group of friend ever want to eat here again.
My first time trying out German food and this place is officially my favorite place to stop by in Vegas! I had no reservation but was seated right away. There was a Wedding reception happening and there were tons of people. The atmosphere was loud but enjoyable. This place was tons of fun and the staff was helpful. I ordered the Jägerschnitzel and O-M-G... delicious! Pork cutlet with mushroom sauce, bacon strips, and a side of cranberries sauce (which was my favorite part) and German noodles!! Boy... was I full... 

I will be coming back to try more of these yummy dishes!
Uhhh....My friends dragged me here for lunch (they both went to the original restaurant in Germany, so they wanted to revisit their experience at my expense). Being in a city with such amazing food options, we came here and I am not too thrilled when I reflect upon it. 

I don't drink, so I was not enticed by the massive beers they give. The lemonade I had was horrible. I could taste the syrup and I felt as if I was drinking lemon flavored cough syrup. The food was heavy and not good by any means. I ordered a chicken sandwich, but I tried the more traditional meals my friends ordered. Not happy with either. 

The only upside was the one man band and the occasional spankings when people would buy shots. My buddy was spanked really HARD and in some way I believe it was the universal paying him back for bringing me here. 

Germans might make some cool looking cars, but I'm not impressed by the food. Maybe there is something better in Deutschland, but I have yet to try it.
Always a good time. 1L beer steins are $15, which on the expensive side, but good strong beer. Food isn't great, but descent. Wide variety if sausages. We had some big pretzel thing with couple of mustards and a cheese dip thing. Chicken sausage was pretty good. Didn't really eat much. Oktoberfest beer was good, Hefeweizen was good as well. The spankings hurt less after a few liters if beer.
Now before anyone jumps on me about this is not a true beer hall or something like that, I too have visited the Hofbtauhaus in Munich Germany and though I was in Las Vegas this beer hall did bring back some very thoughtful memories. The beer hall is painted very similar to its German patriarch and the smell of German cooking filled the air. I started off with a 0.5l dunkle as did my wife and we ordered a sausage sampler. The order came with potato salad, sauerkraut and a pair of pretzels. With the exception of the pretzels which were well overcooked the meal was a great sampling of food. Half way through eating an entertainer arrived playing traditional German music and did a great job getting the crowd involved. We decided to order another round, this time I ordered 1.0l helles, and stayed to enjoy the show. We both had a lot of fun singing and raising our mugs. If you are looking for an escape from all the loud Las Vegas bars and restaurants and want a truly unique experience visit the Hofbtauhaus you will not be disappointed.
You take a shot then the girl will spank you with a wooden paddle. You take another shot then she spanks you again. This is my kind of place. Ask me how many shots I got LOL. OK these aren't soft whacks these are home run hitting whacks. Be a good sport and TAKE IT!!!

Here's why I gave them the full 5 star rating. It's so freaking awesome. When you enter the building you wait in relaxing lobby area where there's a very nice wooden bar with selves filled glass mugs and a fridge filled with beer bottles and kegs, the small ones. There's even a gift shop. Now when youre ready to go in the doors open up and there's a loud roar of craziness. People shouting, cheering, singing, dancing, and laughing. Glass mugs were all up in the air. The whole atmosphere felt like the movie Beerfest but without the teams and Miss Yeast. You sit at these large wooden table that probably fit 20. You order beer served in a 1 liter glass mugs, a plastic shoe, or a smaller glass cup. You order shots from your server and they bring them out in a wooden stick,  very nice looking but watch out cause that stick duals as a whacking paddle. There's also another girl dressed in black going around serving shots in test tubes, she'll really whack you. There's a guy going round looking for girls to hold his very long horn while he plays it. There's a few guys up in the front leading the cheers.

Drinks aren't cheap and food is reasonably priced. Their giant pretzels weren't that giant but came with cheese, mustard, and another dipping sauce. I saw some plates of cutlet and sausages looked nice in portions. Located across the Hard Rock Hotel on Harmon and Paradise, a busy and dangerous intersection for people who stumble out so watch out for your friends. Gather up a dozen or so people and have good time, make new friends there. We need a Yelp event here LOL.
I love the atmosphere and the food was great, you get to sing and dance there if you aren't shy.
Loved it! Great sausage appetizers. Good drinks. The steak came with a crazy gravy with unreal mashed potatoes - thought I was going to pop I was so full. Quality food. Rowdy atmosphere so be prepared. Went with a group of 50 do it took 2 hours to get served but we were all drunk by then and the staff is liberal with giving the paddle to eager participants. Good experience overall. If u want fine dining this is not for you.
This place has been on my list to visit for a few years now and I finally made it over... I wish I had explored it sooner.

It's been too long for me to remember the real Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany for comparison, but I sure felt like I was in a German beer hall.  The restaurant is divided into two dining areas.  The first is an open Beer Hall with large tables.  Perfect for larger groups.  Six of us were at a table with plenty of room to spare.  The second area is a Beer Garden which has smaller tables and more for a quiet(er) meal.   There's also a bar at the front of the building.  The Beer Garden seemed to be closed for a party when I was there.

There's a band playing upbeat German style music. As other reviews mentioned, there's barmaids walking around with shots and will give you a paddling you haven't felt since you were in Junior High!  (Well, for those of us old enough to have been spanked before the world became soft and sensitive.)  This place was hopin' on a Tuesday night.  No... I didn't get paddled.

The food was definitely close to being authentic German dishes.  It may not be something everybody can appreciate (like how some people can't stand Chinese, sushi or Mexican), but the flavor and quality was good.  The food ranges from snacks/appetizers perfect for simply wanting to have a night of drinking.  There is a variety of dishes if you want a meal.   I was happy with what I ate.  

Now to the beer.... this is a GERMAN BEER HALL.  Go away if you're looking for Miller,  Coors or some fru-fru status symbol.  They only have German style beer here.  The selection is limited to several different beers, and they were all good.  

If you're looking for a quiet, dull time where you can enjoy meaningful conversation and eat Americanized versions of another culture's food, then go someplace else.  If you're looking for a place with higher energy to have fun and experience something different, then this is a good place to try.

Hofbrauhaus is on my short list of must-visit places whenever I return to Vegas.
I've been living in Vegas for a while and have been told to come here a couple times. I was invited to a birthday party here on a Saturday night and did not enjoy myself. We arrived and had a drink at the bar. Finally we went into the main room. There is a band in a very echoey room playing horrible versions American music. It is packed. Every table is full of drunk people. Every table was super packed... They seriously pack the people in here. I'm pretty sure they would fail if the fire Marshall came in. I couldn't get thru most of the 'walkways'. They just put a table in the middle of the walkway if the table wants to fit more people. 

So we finally order and our food isn't very good. I guess this place is all about the beer and loudness. Basically you squeeze into the booth and are touching everyone around you while screaming to have a conversation or order. You are listening to HORRIBLE music. Then you eat food that is not good and pay too much for it all! 

I will not be back!
Came here for a birthday party. The atmosphere was cool but the food and beer prices are crazy high. Not only are the food prices high, but the food itself isn't very good. The portion sizes are crazy small for what you pay for. They have a house band at night that plays old American tunes and they are horrible. If you're looking for good German beer and food, then look elsewhere. The only thing going on here is the raping of your wallet for sub par food.
First of all, if you don't have a taste for German food then you shouldn't even be here. If you go to the one in Munich, it's pretty much the same food...with less history of course.

My family would come here for dinner and always have a good time. So, I chose this place for a work event. We had 350 attendees and reserving the Biergarten through Karen was easy-breezy. Our numbers kept changing but it wasn't a problem. We were well taken care of and everyone had fun. The service was outstanding. We had so much food that we had to take food home.

I personally like their schnitzel and spatzl...and of course their lager and hefeweizen. For dessert, I like their Kirschtort (Black Forest cake).

Take a shot of Jaegermeister and get paddled in public. Good times! Consider the following before setting up an event/ having a huge group here as there are fees if you: use their microphone, bring balloons, put an announcement/marquis, etc.
The Hofbräuhaus remains a great place to spend a few hours over lunch. German beer, sausages, and other yummy treats make it a good place to cure a Las Vegas hangover. Go sit down at the Oktober-style benches and enjoy treats you would only get in Munich itself.  On weekends you find Bavarian style entertainment, which consists of a man-show showing off odd skills like blowing a 20 feet long Alphorn. The place transforms any crowd into a huge party tent in the middle of the day. Recommendation to guys: Make sure you try the Jaegermeister / Butt Paddle action: You get a shot of herb-based liquor with a nice spanking from a busty waitress in a Dirndle outfit all in front of everybody.
I loved the food!! Everything was perfect! It was a loud and fun atmosphere.  Can't wait to go back.
I have been in Vegas a while now, and everyone says try this place. I tried it once for my graduation from UNLV because someone else set up the dinner for me and even then it was not as good, just like my recent experience. 

I have sat in the front hall and in the back and both have poor service. The guy yolding, singing, dancing, and so forth, was semi entertaining, but not enough to make me like the place. I am German, I love beer, but this place did not satisfy my taste buds, beer and food wise. I tried everyone dish too, because I hated mine (chicken sausage) and I did not like any of them. 

Not a fan at all.
I was disappointed by  this place .  I think this is more a tourist trap than an authentic German restaurant .
had the potato pancake with salmon  13.99 4  , jaegerschnitzel 19.99 $ and pretzel 2.99 with mustard 0.39 $
it didn't taste like German food at all  , and it's very overpriced .
The main beer hall area is super fun!  There is also an indoor garden area but the main beer hall area is way funner!  They had a band and drinking games and cool entertainment.  Everyone participates by singing and cheering and just having a good time.  You sit at long tables with other people so be prepared to make friends.  The food is kind of expensive but it is good.  I was surprised they only had a few off their beers on the menu but the beer I had was good so it was ok.  I would definitely be come back.
I'm not usually into places like this but when in Rome...

Atmosphere was cray cray! Huge dining hall, decent food, loud loud loud ass band...not sure I understood any of it. You pretty much have to shout at your dining partner. Any time you order a shot you get spanked by the waitress with a wooden paddle. Gulp. 

It was fun for the evening but not a place I could ever get into being a regular...maybe when we live there in a few months and family comes to visit.
I LOVED this place! So happy we came here this past weekend! Order the pork knuckle if you're here by 4PM or after, it's delicious! Our waitress was fantastic, very nice and helpful. The entertainer was cheesy but fun. Oh and you need to order a shot with a spanking, you just have to do it. It's fun =)
This is a super fun place to take a group or for family fun. There was only 2 of us but we still had a great time! Love the open room and the band bringing everyone together singing and raising the steins! Makes me feel like we were in Germany! The Schnitzel was yummy and the German beir was fantastic!
Only giving two stars because service was good. The taste of the food was good, the portion was terrible they charged 15 bucks for one beer & u cannot keep the glass. 2 little sausages a couple spoonfuls of potatoes& kraut & one piece of pork loin the size of a half dollar for 20 bucks- 1 piece of stale bread for almost 2 bucks .Don't waste your time& money
FUN!!! Although we went at a time when it was a little dead in there, we made our own party. We ordered one of their beers n it was damn fine. 
Got to listen to the polka band I believe(?).  Had drinks n enjoyed ourselves. Our server was very nice as was everyone in the place. 
We ordered the schnitzel and I was amazed at how crazy sounding it was-it was delish! Was just pork, breaded n fried. Came with a sweet, tangy plum sauce. 
All in all a good time all around! I'll definitely be going back!!
Ok... I will just say this. I am of German descent. I love German grub. I love German culture. I love German beer halls. One of the last three things was not on target here =\

The guy playing the horns, downing beer, singing, while wearing traditional German leather pants was awesome. He definitely helped to liven up the atmosphere. However what made him even better was that he was having people play quarters for prizes, having contests for free beers (I won one, but was about to drive to LA and thus couldn't drink it) and I am sure he has many other things of a similar nature that I missed since we were there at lunch on a Sunday.

Pro Tip: I know Oktoberfest is going to be awesome here. Bavarian brau haus... ohhh yeah...

The murals, architecture, beer are all authentic. The food is a bit off though to me. I ordered the Oktoberfest Bratenteller. This is a double dish sauerbraten and pork roast. They each had a different gravy. The sauerbraten comes with a dark brown gravy with a slightly sour note due to the vinegar marinade that it left in for a few days. The meat is tenderized due to the marinating process and is done well. However the taste of the gravy seemed off to me. The pork roast was in a traditional German mushroom gravy. The pork was also tender but the taste wasn't on point to me again. It seemed that the gravy again wasn't like I am used to for most German food.  The pork roast mushroom gravy was also a much lighter shade than I am used to. However what had me crushed as that the spätzle wasn't that good. Spätzle is my most favorite part of German food. It is a noodle that when smothered in gravy is phenomenal. However here I felt it was anything but. =\   

Pro Tip #2: Most of the items in the gift shop are a weee bit overpriced ;)   so unless money is no object, I bet you can find that stuff cheaper elsewhere.

Service was kind of funky as well. The fraulein who was serving us, was somewhat inattentive and missed some basic things that the other waitresses did not. The details are what will make or break ya, and she forgot to ask if we wanted straws or lemon in our water when every other table had them delivered that way. She had a preoccupied air and was almost mentally checked out it seemed. 

Pro Tip #3: If you sign up for their online newsletter (on their website), you get free beer coupons!

Overall, I would come here for the bier, camaraderie, German culture, drinking songs... Heard the pretzels were good as well, but the grub perhaps would be better on a different day/night or perhaps I ordered the wrong item. I also disliked that we got there during lunch time and didn't receive a lunch menu but a dinner menu =\
Great food and a great time with my Family! Yes, I'm the designated driver! Lots of ice tea!
If you've ever been to the Munich counterpart, you'll be delighted that they did not spare any details here. The ambiance is pure German. Here are some highlights:

* Beer: Incredibly tasty. Comes in many sizes from a standard pint glass to a larger than life boot (not for the novice drinker)

* Service: Fantastic. Servers wear traditional lederhosen. 

* Price: After a few beers and a meal, this place can sneak up on you. I've eaten at a lot of places in Vegas and this was one of the more expensive bills I've faced.
If you haven't been to Munich, this is a good simulation.  The beer is very good as is the authentic presentation.  The food is also quite authentic, which may not suit everyone, since most folks haven't had German food in Germany.  Seating is very traditional, so get to know your neighbors! Service is very attentive, but not obtrusive.  What I'm not so happy about is the volume level (hard surfaces + amplified performers + crowd = noisy.) While I appreciate the authentic music, the routines can be disruptive.  It's a long walk from the Strip, but definitely worth a cab ride if you like beer!
Slow and rude service and terrible food.  You have to be drunk to enjoy this place.  On the upside, the beer is nice (however unmemorable).
This place is great. I know it's a chain now and I was here for it's opening years ago, and I've been to the real Hofbräuhaus in Germany, and I can still say this place is worth it. It's always a fun experience with all the excitement of the bands, singing, dancing, classic bits, and entertainment. The food is great, although it doesn't top Cafe Heidelberg, but here you get all the entertainment and I think that place closed anyway. This place is a Vegas MUST!
You want a good time with fantastic entertainment, come here!!!! It's always Octoberfest!!! Friday and Saturdays is the best. They have a drinking contest and a stein holding contest. The good is good and the beer is great!  It's roughly $14 for the huge stein of beer. If you win any contest you get to keep your stein which is rad! I take my friends here who are visiting and they always have fun.
Without a doubt, I enjoyed the food and German beer that was served.  The servers did a good job and were playfully entertaining.  Unfortunately, there were two big negatives that detracted from the experience:

First, the room is so noisy that you can't have a conversation with your fellow diners without literally shouting at each other.  There is a pretty even mix of crowd noise and live band music.  The band's sound was lost in the noisy room, but from what I could hear, they were not very good.  The seemed to alternate between trying to play German beer hall music and playing old pop hits...like CCR songs.  They need to decide what they are trying to be.

Second, when I went to pay the bill, I was informed there would be an extra fee of about 3% if I wanted to use my credit card.  Based on that alone, I will not be returning for another meal.
Atmosphäre super, Essen Kantinen Niveau, Preise hoch.
Fraglich ist ob dieser Hofbräu Abkömmling schwarze Zahlen schreibt. Irgendwie beschleicht einen das Gefühl, dass die Idee zwar super ist, aber wirtschaftlich nicht aufgeht. Recht überschaubare Gästeschar an zwei Terminen, die Halle ist einfach zu groß, dass wirklich Stimmung aufkommt. Auch wirkt das ganze Konzept recht aufgegockelt, eher Fasching Style. Man will dem Amerikaner hier was vorspielen, wie Bayern ist. Fraglich ist, warum andere Nationen wie japanische Restaurants oder chinesische Restaurants das nicht nötig haben. Die sind weltweit einfach authentisch, wir müssen einen auf Fasching machen. Warum?
Nice "German" restaurant.  Great selection of dishes except for lack of pork knuckle (Haxen) on the menu during week nights (I was informed that they only serve that on Saturdays) and chicken Schnitzel (not terribly authentic I know, but a few people in our party preferred that).

Ambiance: Very nice.  A bit noisy, but we were there to have fun, and noise comes with beer and fun!

Experience:  It was fun - saw a lot of guys get slapped on their back side with wooden paddles ... the servers that were doing it were not showing any mercy!  The music was a bit weird:  American music performed by what looked like a German band in German style ... I didn't get that!  

Service:  Helpful servers.  She answered all our questions nicely.  Food was served on time.

Food:  Pretty good but I guess it could have been better.  I had their pork in hunter style (a thick sauce with mushrooms) with Spaetzle.  

Credit Card:  Why do they want to charge a fee of 3% if you use a credit card?  Why can't they pay around 2% credit card fee like every other restaurant?  Is this a way to push you to pay your bill in cash?  This didn't make sense, and it was not convenient at all.
This place is 100% authentic.....if your standard of authenticity permits the use of Oscar Meyer hot dogs in a German restaurant.

I can't believe people think this place is good. I remember going there with a friend. I started off with a German salad. It sucked. I felt like I was eating a turd salad. When I received my entree, we both kind of looked at my plate and my friend acknowledged before I could say anything that it was indeed a hot dog that had been placed on my plate instead of a German sausage as advertised.

I ended up tossing the hot dog at the wall.

This place will definitely satisfy your desires if you're wanting to experience a bunch of loud, annoying drunk people pretending they're in Germany. What's that? Oh, you have a giant glass boot filled with beer? You better chug that down as fast as you can without breathing!

I bet this place has to employ a full-time barf cleaner for all the times people drink themselves sick, not to mention the people who throw up after finding out they ate an Oscar Meyer hot dog filled with chicken beaks and pig assholes.

And as I recall, the entree was rather expensive. You can save yourself a lot of money and have the same meal if you just go to the supermarket, buy a pack of hot dogs, warm them up in the microwave and dip them in mustard. And don't forget to play some annoying German music and sing "ziggy zaggy ziggy zaggy oy oy oy".
Great place to go if you feel like some bratwursts, beer and some loud music while having some good time. I got the plate with 4 different sausages and my wife got the Wiener Schnitzel with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut, of course. half a littler of Heffewiesen went down pretty easy after all that food! It was early and kind of empty and the live music was loud, something that I would probably enjoy later in the day and after some more beers. Good for a break from the strip if you have the time or exhausted your options there.
Great place to go off the beaten path in Vegas if you want to escape the casinos! Great atmosphere, great food and beer, and great service! I had a combo sausage platter appetizer that was excellent! Everyone is in a great mood at this place! I definitely plan to visit again!
Love the fun and festive atmosphere here!

I've tried a good amount of food here on a couple of occasions, and I think it's just the German cuisine that I don't have the palate for...Don't get me wrong, the food is good and enjoyable, but nothing really stands out to me.  Come here for the drinks and the atmosphere!

I'd recommend trying the Fresh Baked Pretzel to start. Love it! All the dipping sauces were great too...and this thing is huge!  Very sharable...

I've tried most of the Sausages, Potatoes, Spatzl and Sauerkraut. My favorites were definitely the sausages and potatoes!  They all have unique tastes...but no extraordinary items to touch base.

And definitely try their Hofbrauhaus Hefeweizen. It is outstanding! 

To finish, we tried the Hofbrauhaus Sweet Platter: Kirschtort, Tiramisu & Cheesecake. They were all pretty good, and came with a melted creme cheese like sauce for dipping/pouring :)

Have fun!
Beer tastes great and is imported but they don't have as big of a selection as I would have liked.
We came out here for a friend's birthday on Friday night.

Being an avid yelper, I decided to read up on some reviews. 
After reading the reviews, I was a little nervous about going, to be honest.  I was really worried that  I wouldn't like any of the food...especially after reading the menu...I'm not really big on pork products, and there is a lot of pork on the menu. lol

So...we got there, and walked in, and were seated...
What a HUGE hall!  
At first, I was uncomfortable...it felt like it was a million and a half degrees in that place.  Oddly enough, the more I ate and drank, the better I felt. ;)

The atmosphere here is definitely one of carefree partying.  
Its loud.  There is lots of singing, music, shouting, chanting, and spanking.
I had a blast.

I personally did not have any shots...something about being spanked by a stranger with a paddle is not super appealing to me.  Maybe in the bedroom with someone I know, but not in public...those ladies looked pretty strong too. :)

Now onto what was ordered:

Beer:
I ordered the Hefeweizen, which was awesome.  The half liter was $8...it lasted me the whole time we were there, so it was a good value, but...I'm a slow beer drinker.  The other beers were really good too.  (I tasted everyone's.)

Food:
I ordered:
A pretzel:  Pretty good.  Salty, but not overly so.  
The potato pancakes with smoked salmon:  THIS was delicious.  I'm a sucker for potato pancakes, but there were divine.  The salmon was delicious, and the presentation was great.  (I'll upload a picture as soon as I can.)
German Potato Soup:  This was DELICIOUS!  My favorite of the night. :)
The Majoram/ (Veal sausages):  Since I'm not a big fan of pork products, I had intended on getting fish or chicken...but when I saw that there were veal sausages for the same price as the chicken...I opted for those.  They were tasty.  2 sausages served over mashed potatoes, with a red cabbage sauerkraut.  (I wasn't a fan of the red cabbage.)

All in all the quality of the food was good.  
However...
Between myself and my roommate, we spent $85 on 3 beers, two entrees, and two small starters.  
I could have eaten better food for half that cost elsewhere, but all in all, for a fun night out for a friend's birthday, it was a fun place to go.
I've been to the real thing in Munich. This is not at all the same thing. Also, I didn't have a very good time:

- I didn't see a single beer come out that wasn't under-poured. There's a line on the glass for a reason.
- Service was incredibly slow.
- The waiter billed my beer wrong and instead of fixing it threw random cash at me to not tell his boss.

Also it's off the strip, which makes it kind of a pain to get to.
So I always wanted to drink out a boot and what better place to do it than this place. Now im not an avid bear drinker but I must aay that this ber is good , I started with a dark brew in my boot and the party began , I made sure to turn my boot to advoid the bubble ehen drinking, music was entertaining and I even participated in the beer drinking contest but lost, now onto the food potato soup was great, I got the HB plate was ok did like one of the meats on it, overall good atmosphere u will have fun and surrly get drunk here, beware of getying spanked with the shot paddle lol
Great beers, some of zee greatest beers in all of zee world. They even have a boot you can drink out of. The food is less than mediocre. I orders the steak to be cooked medium, it was well done. It tasted like ass and trust when I say, I KNOW what ass tastes like.
Love, love, love this place!!!

We found it for our wedding reception, so we decided to make a special trip and try it out beforehand (our wedding is in Oct 2014.) 

I was a little worried about sound and saltiness from other reviews but neither were an issue. The entertainment was perfect and perfect volume. We tried 6-7 different dishes and fell in love with all of them (with the exception of the pot roast which was a little tough, but when we asked to sample some pork roast because we were trying to decide buffet options, the chef complied and it was amazing!)

The server, Olga?, was awesome! We had a couple of our party paddled for ordering shots and it was so much fun! The entire hall gets in on the fun! (And it was kind of nice that they don't do the whole...we're gonna get hot women to do paddling...it's normal servers with an awesome attitude!)

My fiancée loved it so much, he's already declared that for ALL our annerversaries in the future, we'll be revisiting. 

Can't wait to party it up in October!!!
I'm from Germany, it is a littlebit of hometown there. And a special experience - you must have! :)
German food, german music, german beer,... - no one other can offer that feeling in Vegas

It's more expensive than in Germany and during the week they shut the door at 11 pm :(
fun!!!!
the food is good, lots of choices too. service is great! fun music and dancing. 
the one thing that bugged us was a 3% charge for paying with credit card. they dont advise you of this til the end. kind of an  outdated practice,  and lets you leave with a bit of a sour taste after a fun experience. you would think that an establishment such as this can afford the 3% fee from the banks.
We used to come here regularly, but this place has gone downhill since our last visit.  Of course, we enjoyed the German beer.  The servers did a fair job but were a bit slow.  The food was OK, not great but worthy of returning.  Cafe Berlin is much better.

One main reason why will be writing this place off: when I went to pay the bill, I was informed there would be an extra fee of about 3% if I wanted to use my credit card.  According to Visa's rules this is supposed to be displayed at the entrance and printed on each Receipt.  I didn't notice anything at the entrance and it definitely isn't on the receipt.   

So, this *very smart* businessman just lost regular customers, plus us referring Las Vegas visitors here, over about a $5 decision.  Idiot--you'll make that up with just one more beer sale to me.

Good bye.
Great German food in an exact replica of the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany.
We lived in Augsburg for 2+ years (near Munich) and got to the 'real' Hofbrauhaus more than a few times. The Vegas version is near perfect in every way. Food, atmosphere, service, entertainment - GREAT!
Sausage and beer are good. Avoid the schnitzel, unless you have a hankering for shoe leather. Toughest piece of meat ever.
A little on the expensive side, but tastes just like the food I had growing up!  Real fun when you go and there is live music.  Service is always exceptional!  We would go more often if the prices were just a bit lower.
Had lunch there today: the wurst platter was wonderful, the wait staff was friendly (no Teutonic frowns) and the German beer was great!
I just left here. Tonight is my 30th birthday and although the food was great, the service is what I have come to expect from Vegas, absolute shit.  Our server, "one of their best" didn't give a flying fuck about our table.  I don't need a candle or a birthday song, but embarrass my family and I will be compelled to call you out. The band was great too but our blonde server never smiled once and made my family, who tried so hard to give me a good time, feel like assholes..

Thanks and happy birthday to me!
I really loved the atmosphere stepping into this place. I have been learning German and what better way to brush up on my singing skills than visiting a German restaurant hall? The service was good but the real take home of the night was the Hefeweizen which was great. The potato soup, pretzels, and brats were tasty although the pretzels were a bit on the salty side for my taste. I was really looking forward to enjoying a loud atmosphere with singing and this place did not disappoint!
My wife and I went here back in January and had a great time.  We went kind of early so is wasn't packed or extremely loud like some reviewers have posted.  The atmosphere overall was nice,  we were seated at a table by ourselves since it wasn't very crowded at the time.

My wife ordered Hofbrauhaus Wurstplatte (Sausage Platter) and I got the Schnitzel Wiener Art (breaded Veal cutlet) and we shared for some variety.  Both plates were delicious,  we would have devoured it all but the servings were big so there was some food left over. 

The beer was good and cold, we both ordered the large mug (I think it was a liter).  I participated in a beer chugging contest for a free mug and came in 2nd out of 10.  No free mug but it was free to participate. 

There was not a band playing while we were there but there was a solo guy providing some entertainment,  he also coordinated the chugging contest.

If you order any shots, prepare to get swatted with a paddle.  Not sure if they do that in Germany or not but it was funny for everyone else to see and drew their attention when it cracked.

The only down side to this place was the location.  It was off the main strip so far, probably took us 20-30 minutes to walk each direction.  Not a big deal as we needed the exercise anyway after trying to eat all that food, would consider taking a taxi next time.  

Overall we had a great time here and will go back next time we go to Vegas.  Will probably go a little later to experience the full band and lively crowds.
Why come here?

1. Giant beer hall mimicking original Munich beer hall!
2. Great German food!!
3. Awesome entertainment in the form of German band, host with the most, paddling on the butt, beer drinking contest, etc!!!

I have been here several times, and have never been disappointed. If you are looking for a fun, casual and random night out, do try this little gem! It is especially fun on Saturdays, as they pull out all the stops with their live entertainment, that often includes getting patrons off their butts and on tables and chairs singing together while waving their steins. The food is enjoyable and hearty and the beers are great! I'm obviously not German so I can't say how authentic the food is, but i still think it's yummy. This place is obviously full of clichés and is most likely not what the real Munich is like, but all that matters to me is that I always leave smiling from ear to ear. 

I actually booked a few tables here for about  thirty five guests the night before my wedding. The staff took great care of us. My friends loved all the excitement and the preselected catered orders were a feast. Totally worth the money! Many of my friends have gone on to take their friends and spread the word on this place. Btw, do buy a shot, but if you do, be aware that the skinniest waitresses usually paddle the hardiest!
Enter scene: huge tourtisty beer hall with tons of frat boy types, practically puking on your shoes and cheesy German music, super loud it's hard to enjoy.  Did I mention that when we were leaving, we saw one loser urinating on the front steps, not even trying to hide his small penis?  Gross, gross and gross.

I'm giving them 2 stars since they did have vegetarian options (and tasty curry on fries), but their soft pretzels were not good (huge bummer, I live for pretzels), a bit dry and kind of "meh." 

Only 3 German beer choices -- if I remember correctly it was light, medium, dark.  Meh.
I love going here to down beers it is such a fun drinking environment. However the food is awful! Everytime I go order the kids noodles, which is not even good but the only thing I can eat there. 
I love beer broiled brats with coleslaw. I wish they would have something like this, or a brat pizza for kids. The food is seriously so discussting I mean it is the only restaurant I have ever been that I cannot find one thing good on the menu.
But I will always go back for the atmosphere and large beer steins. I recommend and take all my friends here.
As others have said, this place is loud and obnoxious.  Not a criticism....just a factual statement.

Most people drink one of three beers by the pitcher and join in on group songs and chants.  It's pretty fun if you're not too uptight.  One of the strangest traditions is a paddling (wooden paddle from waitress) that guys line up for.  

The food was an unremarkable plate of sausages.  It was on par w food court food.

If you want a frat part experience, this is your place.
OMG!!! The BEER, BAND and crowd are amazing. When we go to Vegas we HAVE to go there. Real German beer and bands both imported from Munich. I usually just eat a snack, The Obazter cheese spread w/Big pretzel, but all my kids eat the food and it is good!! A bit pricey but so worth it to us. I think everyone should go here once. Now me and my kids want to go to Munich.
The Hofbrauhaus can provide a "guten nacht" for everyone if you want to go to a great German themed restaurant. However, expect to pay for it!

Having been to the actual Munchen Hofbrauhaus and I can tell you the decor is quite similar. Big long oak tables, a boisterous band of German singers, and more beer than you should be drinking. 

The food while not absolutely authentic "best German food ever", I do think that it provides enough of an idea of what German food looks and tastes like for the curious patron. 

This particular night that I went, the "haus" had a really fun young band of German singers who really knew how to get the crowd into the night. There was drinking songs, blowing the alpine horn game, and drunken dancing. What else do you want from a German restaurant?

The one problem with Hofbrauhaus is the fact that its more like a "tourist spot". You just go there not for the food, but for the experience and the "I just went to Germany feeling". While I recommend everyone to go once. Going on a regular basis probably means you don't care about money, or you're an alcoholic.

Try it once, order the Leiberkase (don't ask me what it is) and enjoy!
I was really looking forward to trying this place and when I finally did, I was disappointed. First things first, the food was average and expensive for what they offer. Granted this is a tourist spot, so the pricing is to be expected. I wouldn't recommend taking your kids here. This is basically the "German experience" of drinking and having fun with a little food thrown in. The beer hall smells terrible, like stale beer and sweat. Gross.

Now, on to the more important item. The service was so-so and my waiter tried to cheat me when we paid the bill. If you read nothing else in this review, read this - NEVER leave a cash tip if paying by card at this place! I charged our dinner, but left a cash tip and the waiter chased us down in the parking lot saying that he accidentally charged our card twice. This was a complete lie because while he went back inside with my card, I checked my bank app and it showed the exact amount I signed for on the receipt. He came back out a few minutes later and we went on our way. The next day I checked the bank and noticed the charge from the HB was for a higher amount and NOT the amount I signed for on the receipt. I called the HB and spoke to a very nice young lady in the accounting department who handled this whole mess after the fact. I sent her a copy of my signature and what do you know, it did not match the receipt. Hence, this waiter assumed I was a tourist visiting Las Vegas and not a resident, and he figured he could just steal from me and I wouldn't do anything about it. He took my generous cash tip and then tried to steal more money from me by charging my card for an second tip. It took nearly TWO WEEKS of my calling the HB to get the amount that I was owed refunded to me. This waiter committed fraud and, at the very least, should have been FIRED. That didn't happen. They told me that they've never had problems with him. Yeah, well, just because actual tourists don't complain when they sober up doesn't mean it isn't happening. He tried to steal from me and he'll try to steal from you too.

My overall suggestion is to avoid this place, but if you feel you just have to have the experience, pay with cash only.
Seemed like fun and a great idea. We love good German food and let's just say that we could not say that we got any. Very overpriced, we ordered one combo platter one cheese spaetzl dish, 2 deserts to go ($10 each) and 1 cocktail and soda. Total was almost $90. Another negative, This place is listed as good for kids and I must say that even with my 7 & 9 yr old who love to be around music and noise, but this place is unbearably loud. Can't even talk to one another or hear the waitresses, and I'm not exaggerating either. My kids looked like they were drowning in the noise, both were slumped in their seats almost falling asleep because of the disturbing noise of drunkenness surrounding this large room of hoorah and screaming. You literally feel trapped. Women were being spanked with paddles by the employees, while men cheered on. I wish I could say I enjoyed some kind of aspect here since I insisted on going here and really looked forward to the experience, but instead I felt like a horrible mother and completely ripped off. Never again. 

Maybe perfect for a fraternity get together, but not for us.
I have lived in Vegas for a long time and had always heard good things about this place. My wife and I went for the first and last time 2 days ago. One of our friends was celebrating his birthday and chose to go here. I was genuinely excited about it. We showed up and the place looked cool. The music was alright and the atmosphere seemed nice. I am a bit of a beer snob so u was very excited to try a variety of German beer.  They offer 3 choices..... 3 lame ass choices. It's either a light, dark or a hefenweizen(sp). I love dark beer so I ordered that one. At 15 bucks a beer the size of it was beautiful. Large manly glass. The taste on the other hand sucked! I would have paid  maybe 7 bucks tops for it. It wasn't complete crap but I expected better. I ordered a plate consisting of two white sausages and a Bavarian pretzel. Knowing a little about German culture I was expecting manly sized portions. Boy was I wrong. I received two tiny sausages. The average bratwurst one buys at a local grocery store dwarfs these lame tiny links. The taste was okay but nothing special at all. At least I had my fresh Bavarian pretzel to look forward too. Wrong again! It was a decent size but it tasted like it had been sitting in a freezer all week long and had just been popped into a microwave for a minute before being served. I was expecting a large warm fresh soft pretzel. I received a room temperature, stale pretzel that tasted like crap.pretzel time or auntie m's would destroy this place in a pretzel competition. Over all, I am never going back to this sad excuse for a restaurant. If I want good food and beer I'm going to the Chicago brewing company. I feel that real German people would be ashamed of this place.
This place was quite a disappointment. I'm a Vegas local and after many years of driving past this place, finally decided to eat here. Made a reservation for 10pm and got there a bit late. We were told that the bar and kitchen was closing the moment we got there so we had to order quickly. Everything was rushed and the place was pretty much empty. Guess the staff really hates staying late. Food was okay, but nothing spectacular. Our pretzel was hard as a rock. Almost inedible. I got this sausage sampler and most of the sausages were cold and tough and one had a bone fragment in it. The busser came and cleaned off our table before we had completely finished eating..extremely rude. We were told they were closing in 10 minutes and they made our dessert to-go. Overall, not the best experience regardless of whether or not it was before close. You don't want people coming in late, don't allow them to make reservations and then rush them through eating. I now consider this place a tourist trap and would not recommend it to locals. Food was overpriced and lackluster.
Friends and I make trips here regularly when we hit up vegas. One of the best German beer hall experiences around! Polka band, especially the leader, was awesome! A buddy won the stein holding contest!
I was born and raised in Germany, so I really wanted to check this place out since I have not been back home in a few years! While the cucumber salad and bretzel were good, the rest was not! I had the jägerschnitzel, nothing like back home! My husbands food also lacked flavor! Simply overpriced and not that good!
This place is a mix of a bingo hall and a medieval dinner hall. It's 2pm and people are already piss drunk requiring assistance to leave. This place is so much fun.
Loud, boisterous, and full of drunken fun!  That's the Hofbrauhaus for ya (sorry guys, I'm not sure how to make the a with the umlauts, but that's what I intended fyi).  Hofbrauhaus is the quintessential rowdy restaurant where you can get some tasty beers and good eats.  I always find myself here in a party-type situation; mostly of the birthday type.  Honestly, the atmosphere fits and doesn't disappoint!

They have a live band playing both American and German folks songs while you get your drink or grub on and it keeps the lively atmosphere going.  As for the beer, they have 1/4, 1/2, and full liter mugs available depending on your thirst level.  IMO the best time to come in and funnel some beer into your gullet is around Oktoberfest.  Their Oktoberfest beer is awesome and highly recommended.  But, in the "off-season", the dunkel and hefe do just fine.

I've only had a few dishes here but I usually gravitate toward the veggie options.  They have a few veggie items available including the veggie brautwurst that comes complete with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.  I've also tried the chicken braut here and they're similar enough to go either or, really.  The side salad is a healthy sized plate as well so if you're looking for something a little smaller to snack on, the side is a good option.  Also, before I forget, the soft pretzel here is really nice.  It's especially nice when it's fresh out and pieced off with a dab of the cheese or mustard sauce 'shmeared' on.. yummyyy.  Pro tip: alternate sauces when going in on the pretzel... trust me, it's a good time.

Good times, good beers, and pretty good food here at the Hof!  I don't come here often but definitely lookin' toward Oktoberfest for more seasonal German beer goodness.
The atmosphere is great with live music and your typical party revelry. All of this makes for a great time as you enjoy your liter of dunkel beer. That is until your food arrives. If you are expecting German food than just stop. Go away. It's at best German inspired food. This place is the Taco Bell of German food. It's flat out terrible and a disgrace to the Hofbrau name. Come for the atmosphere and the beer but please don't come for the food and especially don't judge German food based upon this place. Did I mention it was terrible?  I give this place 3 stars because it was a great time and an absolute blast...despite the food.
Hofbrauhaus. because of the spanking I couldn't sit for 2 days. SO WORTH IT. For many years, I have driven by and never stepped foot in. One hungover morning, I decided screw it. I'm going in! 20 of us showed up and it was beautiful. Huge ceilings. ALL GERMAN EVERYTHING. Got spanked. Purchased a glass boot to drink my beer out of. Beautiful wooden tables and beer garden. Ordered the "wurst" special a carousel of weiners and pretzels. You really can't go wrong with anything that you order. I guarantee a FUN TIME. The performers are excited and the joke mans are very interactive. Employees are dressed everyday for the part. Make it a point to stop in. Definitely, memorable and a LV staple. OFF THE STRIP IS THE WAY TO GO!
Great place for big group of friends to hang out for some beer any great German food. There Munchner Weisswurste was not bad at all I enjoy in very much. The Creamy Bavarian Potato soup was also good. I'll definitely come back but the next time without the hangover ........
As someone who's been a vegetarian for 14 years, I'm very happy that they have vegan/vegetarian options. To top that, the vegetarian dishes are actually really good. I've had them all (albeit there's only 3 options) and they were all very filling and tasty. Also, order the jumbo pretzel as an appetizer, it's a must. The beer is great as well. I'd give it a 5, but sometimes the guy performing is a bit much, and I prefer to not chant along to sons and stand on the table when I'm already engaged in eating my dinner. The main seating area is a bunch of wood picnic benches, and you'll probably sit by strangers, but it's kinda fun, the back garden area is a more quiet/intimate setting, but nice as well.
The reason I'm only giving this place 1 star is because we ordered 1 coke and then the waiter brought another coke we didn't order so we thought we got a free refill, then we looked on the bill and they charged us for the other coke 4.50. 9.00 for 2 cokes, I do not like restaurants that rip you off, I will never go back to this place not a trust worthy place, no way to treat customers by ripping them off.
Fun and a good time, but not much food for your money and it's expensive. I would go back there though. Maybe a once a year trip here, not a regular location. Staff were great, polite, and fast.
PROST!!!  I love this place! I make it a point to always come here every time I am in Vegas. After spending a bunch of time in Munich and going to that one it is awesome to be able to experience the Hofbrahaus here in the states.  The Bier is amazing just like in Munich.  I especially like the Jumbo Complete (great to share) and the sausages are wonderful.  The environment is so much fun and can get pretty crowded.  It is on the more expensive side so know that when you go you'll be spending a bit of money but I always take that into account.  For the most part have pretty good service but at times have been pretty slow.  But since I love the environment I'm usually ok with it.  Can't wait to be back!
Well the beer is awesome and I saw someone getting a whipping with a paddle. Some sort of shot. So that was pretty great.

Everything else is not so much. The sausage, kraut and dipping sauces for the pretzel weren't good. The pretzel however was pretty special.

My advice is to get the pretzel and a great beer then move on. It was pretty empty when I was there and the beer garden that is beyond the hall didn't seem to be open and that is sad because it seems like the best place to be.
The food was OK, the place clean and the staff friendly.  The portions were, in my opinion, OK
Had a good time. Food was delicious. Little loud, but enjoyable. Waitress messed my bill up three times, but we worked out in the end.  Fun experience.
Great atmosphere, good beer, average bland food, over priced. Come to just drink and you should be good.
Fun.  Like many things in Vegas, this copy of the Munich Hoffbrau Haus has all of the form and none of the substance.  If you're looking for an authentic experience, this only partly fits that bill.  That said, the place is blast and I've always had a good time.
Good but over priced. 

The hofbrauhous beers are delicious but at $8 (0.5L) and $16 (1L) they are bit over priced. I had one of the dinner sausage specials which was really good but a small portion. The wife had a vegetarian schnitzel which she she said was really good and a bigger portion then mine. 

Over all it was a good experience but I would not return when in Vegas again. I wanted to feel like I was in Germany again and I got that feeling.
Having been to the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich, I can tell you it was very authentic - albeit at 1/3 the size. As others mentioned, the food is mostly good but nothing to die for. The sausages were the best, but the spaetzle and the pork dishes were good too. The dark beer was tasty also. It's not cheap for what it was, but nonetheless it was a great experience and totally fun!
What could be better in life than a German inspired beer hall smack dab in Vegas?!  Thought of anything, because I couldn't!

First of all the atmosphere here is amazing.  You are swept into a huge hall adorned with long tables where you are seated among strangers - who you will soon become best friends with!! Clinking your beer filled steins and singling along to the live music.  Simply amazing.

It doesn't stop there!  The food is phenomenal.  Start off with a homemade pretzel with their various dipping sauces, you'll be glad you did.  It's enough to share - especially if you want room for more beer and your main course.

I had the Schnitzel Wiener Art, a breaded pork cutlet with cranberry (on the side) and a side dish of bavarian potato salad.  Delicious - portion is huge!!! I ate a good half and enjoyed every last bite.

This is a must for any Vegas trip!  Order your friend a shot and hilarity will ensue.
Was here this weekend and we had a great night until I saw a guy harass a waitress. And the managers didn't seem to care. When the waitress talked to the group, she was loud enough for us to hear, even over the band! That's one hell of a feat, but she played back and forth with them and they were loving it. When she brought the shots she brought them to our table and tried to spank them on our table cause there was a giant pole in the way. One of the guys grabbed her and she smacked his hand away and he got in her face. She tried to make the situation better. Giving them different options on where to get spanked but he was so mad she pushed him off he just screamed in her face. I was in the service industry for four years and how she dealt with those assholes was nothing but professional. She offered to give them to another waitress and whisked away. The other guys in the group giving him shit for ruining their night. The manager came over and I didn't catch everything but I know they were lying. After they left I called the server over, I can't remember her name it was different. I talked to her about it and asked to speak with her manager. A guy manger came over, the woman had already left. He seemed disinterested in what I had to say but he wasn't the manager who took care of it. Beer was delicious but I wouldn't want my gf to work here so I probably won't be coming back.
Mediocre at best and highly overpriced... If it was half the price I would have been satisfied but absolutely nothing was fresh!
Well that certainly was mediocre. Granted, I wasn't there to eat a full meal. Just wanted a beer and a pretzel. The waitress immediately laid into her upsell from the gift shop. 30 seconds to order, 5 minutes of sales pitch. 

She brought out our beers. Hofbrau Hefeweizens. Beer was good but nothing special when you can find good beer pretty much anywhere nowadays. Pretzel was a pretzel. A couple of jarred sauces for dipping. No big whoop. 

After we finished the waitress came back and was really pushing us to buy gift shop merchandise which I declined. She got all butt hurt like I killed her cat. Sorry, not into pressure from a waitress. 

Funny thing is, before we sat down I was looking at the t shirts in the gift shop. I would have probably bought one if the waitress hadn't tried to shove one down my throat. 

Sorry Hofbrau. In a world of tourist traps you win the grand prize.
Food was boring and the quality of Hometown Buffet. The price was ridiculously expensive. I will never come to this restaurant again.
Located within a short distance to the Las Vegas Convention Center. This place is great if you want to hang out with large groups of friends, family or colleagues.

This themed restaurant is really spectacular. From the outside the facade appears to be multi-storied but inside is a large open hall similar to the Hofbrauhaus in Munich. 

The restaurant offers lively music and entertainment for patrons to order large pints of Hofbräu München hefewiesen and excellent Bavarian foods.

We got the daily specials  -

HB Brewmaster Combo 
Fried bratwurst schnitzel and a sausage kabob in BBQ onion sauce served with mashed potatoes and cole slaw.

Pork roast - "King Ludwig"
Pork roast topped with onion beer gravy. Served with roasted red potatoes and glazed candy striped beets. 

We ended up getting some shots and received some spanking with the wooden paddle from the lovely fraulein.
Yeaaaa!! This place is truly wierd and fantastic! The sausages were exceptional, the beer was standard and the atmosphere is totally bizarre.

If you're into the kind of experience where you're not sure whether you're in on the joke or just witness to a very strange happenstance of awkward...this is your place!!
Wow.  I've been coming to this place for over 10 yrs and it is definitely going downhill.

So, I'm realistic and I know this is Vegas..........granted, the food at Hofbrauhaus has never been German.  The music....not German.  The atmosphere....not even remotely close to a German Festhaus.  What was originally a pretty fun and laid-back beer spot has become another avenue for ridiculous frat parties and bachelorette night-outs.  Besides the fact the music is turned up to 11, for the price of a shot you can get your ass paddled by a "woman" who probably has a Y chromosome in addition to being 7 feet tall.  

If you want a more authentically German experience, it would be more fun to drive 1200 miles to San Antonio.....yes, San Antonio.........and sample real German fare in Gruene, Pflugerville, Boerne, or Fredricksburg, TX.  That's right....you read that correctly.

Otherwise, if you prefer to hang out here have fun with Helga the Dominatrix and all the other waitresses that make Betty White look like Kate Upton.

PS:  One star for playing the National Anthem.
It was okay, beer was great though. The food, they clam to be authentic German but the food was kinda authentic. I know some authentic German food takes time to cook so I understand the short cuts. However, I wouldn't mind waiting a little bit longer for a true authentic German dish. This is the reason for three stars. BUT, still go here, it is a lot of fun a good music
Went there to celebrate my nephew's 30th per his request.  The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because of the food.  Go there for the beer and the entertainment, not the food.... all of us (five) were disappointed... order the shots.
Like the original Hofbräuhaus in Munich - just 1/3 smaller. All German signature dishes and very tasty! With live music and sing along sheets. Imported beer from Munich and the mustards also. Von einem echten Münchner geschrieben.
Anja from Germany is a caring server and although the food took a little bit long it was like home.
 Reviewed by a Munich native.
I love the German cuisine. I really wanted to try this place. I never got that far. This place was pretty empty when we got there. We were seated and then...25 minutes later, we left. No waiters with any sense of urgency. Piss poor service and management.
Being of german decent I had to try this place I was a bit skeptical BUT we loved the food the atmosphere the beer and watching everyone get spanked after a shot. Too funny! The beer Garten was awesome we will definitely come back! It was loud but a great place! The seating was cool too! The dessert was amazing!
It's been a while since I've been to a Hofbrauhaus. The last time I went was in Miami, which I fell in love with. The Las Vegas location is a lot bigger and not as quaint as Miami, I like the more nostalgic era. 

Our visit to the Las Vegas was nice, we came in as Walk In and was seated right away. I really wanted to have the Pork Knuckles, but it was a specialty item that they only serve when it was ordered. I was devastated! But I quickly recovered trying to pick the very next best thing.... 

The Bavarian Potato Soup- Like a loaded baked potato soup minus bacon, but adding their smoked sausage. It was topped off with croutons and chives. 

Sauerbraten- Bavarian style potroast w/red wine. It was good, not as tender as I thought it would be, sauce was dark a bit on salty side which went well with the roast and spatzle. Yes spatzle! They look like gnocci pieces, but its noodles! Love them. 

Red Cabbage- Wasnt a fan, I tried it, tasted like caramelized overly sweet and vinegar red cabbage. I guess this is the Bavarian version of our American cranberry to Turkey dinner. 

Through our meal, there was a band playing and shouting out and drinking! It was Classic! Love it!  

Yes and the dessert! I had to get Apfelstrudel! Apple strudel! It was great! Had to wait for my chantilly cream which made me think about the movie Inglorious Bastard with Hans Landa and the cream for apple strudel.... Reminiscing... It was great, wished the Pork Knuckle was available for us, that was the only reason I would go back for..

Thanks and good vibes!
I went with my family during the Memorial Day Weekend and we were not disappointed. The food was very good and the service was very fast. We had sausages, schnitzel, pretzels, pork cops, pork roast and apple strudel for dessert. The place was noisy and crowded, but this is understood since we went during the weekend. Highly recommended.
Really fun place...great beer and spankings! It's definitely more fun if you go with a party of 12 though.
It's cheesy, kinda pricey, and loud but you're coming here for the atmosphere. A ton of drunk people and parties but thats the whole point, right? This is Vegas remember. Live music and the girls handing out a "Paddlin'" left and right. Food was mediocre at best but after a few liters it really doesn't matter. A little bit off of the strip, cabs hang outside in advance so you shouldn't have a problem getting back to your hotel.
If you like German food and an Oktoberfest atmosphere this place will never disappoint.  The food is great and so is the service.  I haven't had anything here that our family didn't love, from steak to schnitzel to goulash.  It is all great.
I had my hopes up for this place. Walking in it seemed like a fun atmosphere, but quickly it felt like more of a tourist attraction. From the start our server was trying to get us to buy raffle tickets. It didn't stop there. When she would check on us, she was saying things like "if you like the taste of that, we sell it in our gift shop" and at the end of the meal even asked if she could walk with us to the gift shop (we told her that we didn't want to go earlier and thanked her for the info) to pick somethings out so she could meet her goal since she was in the lead for some sort of competition with the other employees for work. To put people on the spot so many times is rude. Ask once and if the customer is interested they will tell you! 

What encouraged us to come here was because I have family here in town that is hosting an exchange student from Germany and I thought she would not only like this place, but maybe feel a bit of home. We sat at nice long table that is shared with the other customers. I don't personally like that, but that's the theme here so it was fine. There was live music being played which was cool. 

Priced at $19.99 we started out with the "Sausage Tower" at the suggestion of our server. She said it was a "hidden" menu item since it isn't on the menu and it would give us a good taste of the different sausages they have. Sounded good to me! When it arrived, it looked like a tower of heaven. There were 3 dishes. 1 dish had chicken bratwurst, pork sausage and veal bratwurst on a bed of sauerkraut. The 2nd dish had krainer, grilled weisswurst and a frankfurter with potato salad. The 3rd dish had 2 fresh baked pretzels with 2 types of dipping sauces. Of all the sausages I only really liked the taste of a couple of them, so it was nice to be able to sample it all instead of just ordering a certain sausage dish that I might have had a type of sausage in it that I wasn't to find of. The pretzels were pretty good and the mustard sauces had good flavor. For my meal I had priced at $4.95 a "House Salad" and priced at $14.95 the "Grillhendl" which is a chicken dish. The salad was average, but the chicken dish was above average. The chicken was roasted and stuffed with parsley, beer butter and onions. The chicken was crispy and had a good flavor. It also came with a side of potato salad that was decent. 

I certainly didn't leave hungry! I didn't leave feeling like I would come back though either. The vibe inside just screamed "gimmick" and "tourist attraction here" which our guest from Germany agreed. The server was just too pushy about trying to get us to buy different things. My husbands meal was a joke especially for the price, so I lucked out with the chicken dish I ordered. I'm glad I experienced Hofbräuhaus at least once.
I love this place when I want German food. We go there for Breakfast and Dinner.
As a vegan, I was really excited about their vegan option. The place is very unique, because you sit on wooden benches with strangers, people dance on the tables, there's a live ethnic band playing, and waitresses brutally spank people with a paddle when they take a shot.

The food was just all right and overpriced, along with the alcohol (what you'd expect), but it was interesting.
This is one of my favorite restaurants to visit in Vegas! 

The large bier garden setting makes for a fun locale to enjoy authentic German cuisine and some delicious brews as well. There is always live music to add to the atmosphere. Waitresses walk around offering shots of jaeger, but they come with a spanking. This is a fun and entertaining tradition, especially when you buy spankings, er I mean shots, for your friends. 

The food is delicious and so is the bier, but the prices are little more than what I pay normally. BUT I do try to temper that knowing that we are in Vegas and everything costs more (even though it did not used to be like that). 

If you like German food, bier, music, and atmosphere this is a GREAT night out in Vegas before heading out to party more. I highly recommend.
So I think this place is completely different at night. And to be fair, I was here in the middle of the afternoon.

The ambiance is cool. I liked the big giant hall and getting seated at a table with other people. And the live music was awesome and fun. 4 stars.

We were seated promptly. But then waited over 20 minutes and still not a single server had even glanced at us. Finally, one of the people sitting at the same table as us went to find the server they had (who had just closed them out because her shift was over) and she then came and took our order. She then even delivered our beers. No clue what had happened to the assigned server. When the assigned server did show, there was no apology, no "I'll cover this round of drinks", no nothing. Not the type of service one is accustomed to in Vegas. 1 star.

When weren't super hungry, so we just ordered the pretzel. It was a giant pretzel and came with two mustards and the special cheese dip. It was way over-cooked and not tasty. 2 stars.

The beers were decent. There were 3 options, plus the seasonal. They don't offer samples. 3.5 stars.

Meh. It's basically a tourist trap. I hope the actual food is good. Everything seems overpriced. They're big on pushing the gift shop items. Not sure if I'll return.
Love their beer!!   I was over the moon when I discovered they had a beer hall in Vegas, so this place was a definite must on places to visit while there.

We had perfect timing as Germany was playing in the World Cup when we happened to swing by.  What an amazingly fun atmosphere.  My husband got the sauerbraten (very tender and not uber sour) and loved it.  I had a bite and definitely wanted more.  I don't tend to like a lot of German food (sorry), just not my flavor palette, but I definitely enjoyed theirs.  I even liked the side of cabbage (my husband didn't as much as another local to us German restaurant).  I had to get the Bavarian Cheese appetizer with pretzel and a caesar salad, both were mouth watering.  But the true highlight for me was their beer.  I was in 7th heaven!!  The downside, they were charging for water - when the bill came they charged us $4 for a bottle of water that normally costs around $1 at a gas station.  This was the most expensive lunch I think I have ever had, but it was worth it for us.  Their hefe weizen is phenomenal!  In case I forgot to mention that before ;P
I felt I was forced to go here coz my wife always wanted to so ok, I want her happy so there we were..the I was (again) forced to upsize my beer to a liter coz she ordered one for herself... I found the place strange, not somewhere Id hangout plus German style food is not usually on my menu so I was clueless..tall lady with bigunz walkin around with a paddle and grown men willing to get smacked in the backside by her.. Ok the food was good, real good.. The beer was great.. I had another..and by my second one I realized this is the most fun I've had in a while..it was crazy in there, they were nuts! It was loud and so much stuff goin on.. Singing and dancing most I didn't understand yet I was having a great time.. Just wished I had the pretzels before the beers..it was one hell of a time.. Can't wait to do it again.. Next week...
Awesome place as always. Best place to watch the World Cup!
It really doesn't get any better than this..This is by far the best German restaurant I've been to hands down.  Food quality is excellent, atmosphere is friendly and inviting .  I do recommend that you make reservations because this place will fill up quickly.  It's oktoberfest 24/7 with all the singing and dancing.  If you are coming for just a dinner and don't want to participate in the festivities that's fine too just remember you will most likely be sharing a table with people you don't know and they may want to stand on the bench style seats and do the chicken dance like everyone else.  Here's a tip..find the girl with the paddle and the shots. .5.00 ea. Honey or jagermeister.  If you come to Vegas this IS a MUST stop!  I will be back again!
I'll preface this review by saying German food is not my favorite, so I wasn't overly impressed by the food.  It is a very fun place to go though.  There is live music and you sit at long tables and it has a fun slightly rowdy vibe.  There are Jager girls that come around and sell Jager shots for $5.  In order to get your shot, you have to get paddled, and these girls don't hold back.  They hit hard!  Lifted one guys bum right up over the table.  the best part is they take commerative photos capturing your expression when the board hits your bum.  It's a fun place to go once but not some place I feel the need to go every time I got to Vegas.
I am rating them on the following.  Giant Pretzel $14 (it was not worth $14 maybe $7 or $8), beer's $8 ok,  lemonade $3 and the zinger is you can't get a glass of water with your beer or mixed coctail, you have to pay $3.49 for a bottle of water (that is just lame especially when you are buying a drink).
I have a special place in my heart for Germany and German food after studying abroad in Germany so this place was a must. The restaurant is huge with benches and tables with an authentic German feel. The biergarten was absolutely beautiful and the place was pristinely clean. I went with my mom for lunch and there was barely anyone there. Our waitress was friendly as can be and went through the menu with us to tell us what her recommendations were. We ordered the appetizer mini pretzel and the breaded pork with a side of potato salad and cranberry sauce. The pretzel was really good as well as the meal we were able to share. Everything was really good. Their beer also did not disappoint. I got a Radler which is lemon soda and beer mixed and it was delicious! I don't know if I will go back but I really enjoyed this place and it brought me back to Germany if only for an hour or two.
I went with my father in law. He's German and wanted to have lunch there.  
Well, the hostess made us wait 20 minutes to finally take us back to an over crowed and very noisy room. She wanted us to seat and share the table with other people. Since the huge front of the restaurant was practically empty. I asked her if could seat there. She says she had to ask... While we waited, again, my father starting feeling weak and tried to seat for a minute. Quickly a waitress came and before he could seat, told us that we could not seat down. She had an attitude and my father is 87 years old!!!! I didn't want to argue!!! So we waited until finally the sat us down!
The waitress we got want that bad. The food was ok but I expected a lot more from the place! 
I think is over priced! I've had much better breaded chicken in other restaurants and my father wanted the Veal and not the Pork Winnershnitzel but they don't make it here. 
I WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN!!!
I don't recommend this place unless you understand the German culture!
It's not a pace to have a relaxed meal. 
I do not recommend this place!
Went there for lunch today.  Food is good but we were seriously overcharged.  Our lunch was $48 but the bill came to at our table at $62. Had to get a manager to correct errors.
I love Hofbrau! Since I'm from Cincinnati, where just over the river we have an AMAZING Hofbrauhaus ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/hofbrauhaus-newport-newport-2?osq=hofbrau+house ) I've been spoiled by awesome German food and liter beers. 

This Vegas Hofbrau both lived up to the Vegas vibe and surprised me (they closed very early for Vegas) there was a good mix of live German and American music, which we all sang to. Delicious food and flowing beer taps. The waitresses were very nice and made us feel at home. 

Sure, this was a little more expensive than I'm used to, but it's Vegas and the beer was just as delicious as I remember. If you're up for a fun experience give Hofbrau a chance and remember Liter beers only (Half liters are for wussies)!

Also, as an added Vegas bonus, if you buy a shot they'll bring it to you on a paddle and  even spank you if you're up for it. Only in Vegas!!
Go here only to get smashed and have a good time and you will get smashed and have a good time. Do not eat here.
_____________________
Ambiance and Location: 5
I've bumped this section to the top because your primary reason for your visit to this place should be to get smashed and have a good time (not fine dining). We went on the weekend, and it seems like they have a band here on the weekends that really adds to the experience. This, plus a paddle/jagermeister lady. The band kept coming around playing a large alphorn. They had a drinking contest and my girlfriend participated (free beer!). She lost but overall we had a pretty good time. I'm local-ish and I would still call this strip-ish. Close enough for a tourist, but far away enough from the strip to not be considered the strip.
+2 drinking contests, getting the crowd involved.
It would be a good idea to take a _____ here: group of guys to get smashed
_____________________
Service Quality: 6
My visit seems to be unlike other reviews. Our service was prompt, friendly, quick and accurate. We did notice some people who appeared like they needed better wait service, but this did not impact us (no negative score). Perhaps if you order the large 1L beers you don't need the waiter to tend to you so much and by ordering the large beers you can be proactive at preventing a bad service experience.

Related but no impact on score: the gift store is friendly. Though it says they close at midnight parts of the restaurant close earlier so do not come here right at midnight expecting service. I would recommend 9-10 if you're doing it late.
+1 friendly. +1 fast. +1 accurate. 
Time it took from ordering to get the food to the table: suspiciously fast (5 minutes, see food section).
_____________________
Food Quality: 1
A big let down. Most likely I will eat before coming here again. Only a few of the items we ordered appeared to be scratch made. I ordered the sausage platter, and I wondered if some of the sausages I got were the same ones I could get canned from World Market. They looked, felt (mouthfeel for consistency of sausage feeling) and tasted processed, not like scratch-made sausages. My first thought, even drinking: "I paid $20 for hot dogs ...?" Even the mashed potatoes were instant, or they were so poorly prepared as to seem like instant mashed potatoes. To cement this idea that it was instant: the food came out in 5 minutes. They offer a 'traditional poached style' where your sausages will be delivered in the water they were poached in. I was open to this, but I bet people will be put off by it; maybe upset if they pay $20 for a single entree. Overall the food quality was below average, with extravagant prices. An entree of 4 sausages, instant mashed potatoes and a side of sauerkraut came to $20. The one good item was the pretzel, which you could--and we did--order with some liver mousse came out to be $16. 

So you should probably not come here to eat. You should come here to get the big 1L beers. They come in big authentic 1L mugs and are pretty awesome. This is probably why you came here. Inevitably you will get drunk and probably order food, which is the only circumstance I would recommend buying the food, so you don't have the weight of paying $20 for instant mashed potatoes on your conscience. 
-1 extravagant prices. -2 deeply disappointed with the food. +1 great beer. 
What I'd get here: just beer.
_____________________
Cleanliness: 5
The restroom was clean, and the tables were clean. There is a lot of staff here so it's pretty safe. 
+2 clean, clean.
Worst health code rating: B once on 5/8/12, A otherwise.

Overall rating: floor(average(ratings)) = floor(4.25) = 4
If you feel you MUST experience some semblance of Oktoberfest while you're in Vegas, this is the place. My friends and I found ourselves here after we noticed that the British pub Firkin on Paradise was no longer in business. We figured we could at least grab some cold German beers and comfort food here, and that's what we got. They have all your wursts and schnitzels here; I got the schnitzel that wasn't all breaded and fried, and I thought it was pretty good, but like most other items on the menu a bit overpriced. I'd been here once before just to grab a cold brew and it's surprising that they don't have a lot of different beers here; there's only a few varieties, if memory serves. I just went with a lager, which was a refreshing accompaniment to my hearty meal. We were kept entertained during the meal by the one-man band playing his heart out on the stage. Not only did he keep the music going, he got the audience to participate in a stein-holding contest, which was pretty damn impressive, I must say! Our waitress was friendly but a bit lax when it came to checking on us, even though it wasn't super-busy at the time. Overall, a solid OK if you're in the mood for this kind of thing!
I came here during my last Vegas trip as I saw it across from the Hard Rock and had to check it out.
Being from Germany and having been to the original in Munich several times i had to see how it compared.
Surprisingly, it was quite similar. of course the Vegas version, newer, brighter, shinier, much more expensive.
Everything is somewhat authentic, the menu items served are correct, how they are prepared, not so much.
I would not come eat here, but if you want a HUGE German beer and a different atmosphere than the rest of Vegas, this would be the place to check out.
unless you're a soccer (futbol) hooligan do not go here during world cup soccer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  holy crap at 5pm there were so many drunk doucheburgers (and i like to party yo) i actually had to leave fearing i'd end up in a fight and in a lv jail.
Although it wasn't busy when we went, I'd recommend anyone go there for a very fun, albeit goofy, German experience.

They have live music and do silly things. A lady with shots for $5 that includes a free spanking. lol.

I was chosen as a bell ringer for a song and automatically entered into the beer chugging contest. I won, of course.

After all, two German's on holiday that we met brought us there. I had to impress!

We drank the ale, but didn't eat.
Great German experience!  This location mirrors the original German location, apparently.  The live band was great!  The servers are dressed in German bar maid attire.  The gal walking around selling shots & giving spankings was a hoot!  Very lively and noisy place indeed, but for sure a fun place.  The food was good that we had.  The dessert was ok.  The apple shots we had after dinner were yummy.  Fun to be there with a group, not a good conversational restaurant.  We had fun and enjoyed our German cuisine.
We have taken all three kids there for their 21st birthdays. Good German food & beer. Love the band singing drinking songs. Great atmosphere. Have been to the one in Munich several times so I can compare. This is the first time we had been there without a group. Still had fun with the people at our table. Take a taxi from the strip and you will not be sorry.
Overpriced, commercialized, Vegas stop. $9 for a mug of beer? Really! 

The only thing that was great was the German band. 

Waitresses would look like men if they had short hair.
A Friday afternoon of lounging in the beer garden at Haus Murphy's definitely tops my list of favorite things to do. Start with a glass of Weizen, a tall one, then cruise through their extensive menu of Bavarian specialties. 

Schnitzel or brats with a side of kraut , black forest ham sandwich, oriental chicken salad(?!), perhaps a strudel for dessert. I opted for the Reuben sandwich on my last visit. Though quite tasty, the corned beef was sliced a bit too thick for my taste- the deli down the street has them beat hands down. Stick with the sausage.
So simple... so authentic... just the type of place to make you feel like you're back in Germany --- that is, if you've ever been to Germany.  If you haven't, check this place out and you can pretty much save a trip over there.

It's hard to go wrong here.  The food is classic German --- sausages, kraut, schnitzels, etc.  Oh, and don't forget about the tall glasses of beer that you can drink in the beer garden!
Funny thing is, we took our forgeign exchange "son" here for some  comfort food.
We absolutely love this place! Not for the health food crowd, but definitely for people who do not mind pounded, fried meat and giant beer. They rotate between 4-5 soups and each are delicious and come with every dinner or you can opt to get a German salad for about $2.00 more.  It is impossible to leave this place still feeling hungry.
Can you say Schnitzel?  Every time I visit Arizona, I have to stop at this restaurant... very authentic,  I had the Wiener Schnitzel, for appetizer the potato pancakes with sour cream and applesauce and some strudel for dessert... Oh, and I had to have a german beer too so that my belly was extra full before I left..  I am german and think this place is very true to it recipes... Not a place to go for dieting...  I wish I lived closer!!
LOVE IT!!!

AGH!

Their Jager Schnitzel is sooooo good.  

However, I'm allergic to nuts and they told me all of their desserts are made off premis and they all contained nuts :(
Booooo nuts.

But yeah, good stuff.

Make reservations though, becasue everytime Ive been there it was fairly crowded.
I LOVE this place...every time I go there, I keep meaning to try a different entree, but I can't tear my appetite away from the *excellent* gnocchi!...thus far, I've tried (by picking at other peoples' food) the potato pancakes, the mushroom soup, jager schnitzel, bratwurst, and the German chocolate cake...all incredible and ridiculously filling...and the waiters have been so friendly(not to mention, rather good looking haha)...
This place is great fun.  Who would have thought you could feel like you were at a German beer garden while in downtown Glendale.   Sitting outdoors under the string lights and German beer flags just made you thirsty for beer! Nice selection of draft beers, all were tasty and available in 16 or 32 oz size.  Had sausage sampler with very good sauerkraut . Fresh pumpernickel and rye bread to munch on. Simple dinner salads.  Tried two types of schnitzel, both were great, wanted to order the gnocchi but they just ran out and then had the chicken Marsala which was just OK.
They had two accordion players playing classic tunes like the "chicken dance song" and "it's a small world after all".  Mmm good polka music and beer.  

This place does close at 9, otherwise it would be a great place to hang out all night.  Will go back again for sure.
OK, I am totally biased, as I used to work here.
That being said, it has some of the best food EVER.
If you ever are there for Hungarian Stew nite (which is rarely made), order nothing else but a bucket of it, it is that good. The schnitzel with ham and cheese is excellent, but I always had a to go order of the chicken with the mushroom cream sauce-swear they put crack in it. 
Sausages galore!
My friend, who worked there for many years, even made a poem about all the types of sausage available. 
The sauerkraut IS THE BEST IN THE WHOLE FREAKIN' WORLD! Seriously. I would eat soup containers of it.
My fav activity was filling the bread pudding glasses.
Scoop of bread for their glass, scoop of bread pudding for MY glass. 
If I wasn't busting my ass at this job, I soooo woulda been such a fatty....
Fried potatoes-Awesome. German salad-Delish. 
And I don't know if the Virshing is truly German, but it is truly awesome. 
It's cabbage with a mild cheese sauce, and it's served on most of the plates. Some don't like it, but I would sneak to go cups of just this, and eat it in back of the beer garden with the pumpernickel bread.
Last, but by no means least, the Reuben at lunch is the bestest. Go. Eat it. You won't be sorry....
OK, 1 more thing:
I spent an entire summer drinking my way through our kegs of Weihanstephan Korbinian, a seasonal beer that is very good, but VERY hard to find (alas). 
Whether you prefer the Dunkel, or the FrancisKaner, they 
are all delicious glasses of Heaven.....and I'm done...
My husband and I went here for Valentine's Day dinner. We had fun, but a lot of the fun had to do with the people dining and serving there. The food was good, no complaints. We had two huge beers that we both couldn't finish. The music sets the tone - unique folky [German] music I am guessing. The decor is rather thrown-together and pretty random; there is definitely plenty to look at. I think they have patio seating too, so I'd recommend that because you can people watch on Glendale which is great!
Ditto all the previous reviews, I've been to this place 3 times now and have never been disappointed.

This time I shared the Bartlett Pear and Black Forest sandwich.
And of course potato pancakes.
For dessert, we shared an apple strudel.

Absolutely Scrumptious!

I've had the Hefeweizen before...yummmm.

I love the new place, and can't wait to go again!
I've never eaten at the Haus, but I'm pretty up front as to not being a food reviewer and more of a booze reviewer, thus I feel completely confident that I can say Haus Murphy's is likely one of the great places in the PHX area to refresh yourself with a disgustingly large beverage.

When I was visiting the Glendale area we decided to eschew the corporate Westgate area for Downtown and a better decision has never been made. The Haus served us giant German beers outside.  They were large enough for us to take pictures of ourselves hiding behind them! What more do you want out of life?

Having grown up in the german-centric area of northwest Ohio, I have some sense of authentic German establishments, and this place has it in spades. Again, I'll leave the assessment of their food up to you, but if you're downtown and want to wet your palette with a giant fine German lager, you can't do better than Haus Murphy's. When I'm there, Ich bin ein Berliner.
*** Ich bin betrunken und angefüllt und es ist ehrfürchtig ! ***

Man -o -man...
Big giant Spaten beers...
and deep-kraut-fried-schweiner-schintzel-burp-o-pleasure-cheesy-orgasmonic. 

Another super short but sweet review.
If you dig authentic German grub (which I grew up, thanks Granny!) this is the joint. Plus the great back bar..
and do I need to mention the Spatens as big as your head (again)..?
F-ing lovely!

I'm heading back very soon.

*caution: if you have a heart attack after eating here do not be surprised, be expectant... in a good way.
Can you say schnitzel?

I love the Haus Murphy's.  Their newer location is bigger, so dinning with a group is a breeze now.  The food is awesome.  The sausage is top notch, the sausage  platter is obtuse.  I'm a schnitzel addict, so I always entertain one when I visit.  The Bread Pudding is fantastic, but as is all the dessertery.  It's a German place and the one pasta dish they have there is even killing.  It's a bit expensive, but worth it in every way.  

For the drinkers, it's a little bit of heaven.  They always have about 5 German beers on tap usually Franziskaner WeissBier, Warsteiner Dunkel, Spaten Optimator, A Weistephaner, and a Pilsner of German origin.  I used to hit up the happy hour here on a reg and deplete them on mustard and pretzels.  They also serve beers in the huge mugs if you're a drunk or just like big things.
Haus Murphy serves up a quintessential German experience. An authentic feeling enviroment with a selection of foods that not only a native could love, but anyone willing to step into a Black Forest story book will find tasty.  Despite it's Central Glendale location the place wasn't heavily patronized on our Friday night visit, still we had called ahead as suggested and set a reservation time. We were seated immediately, but were forgotten for almost a half hour. I  didn't realize how long we were sitting until my partner pulled out the cell phone to check. I was looking over the decor and commenting on the trinkets and chatting.When our server came to take our order they were profusely sorry and immediately put a large bread pudding on our food list, either to take home or eat at the end of our meal, whichever we wanted as an apology. 

From that moment on there wasn't a lack of attentiveness at all. The first two things that came were a Filet Salad and a Sausage appetizer. The salad was divine! Here is the description straight from their menu: 
"Slices of Filet Mignon, Radish Sprouts, Marinated Artichokes, Asparagus, Green Olives, Roasted Red Peppers, fresh Spring Mix, tossed in Lavender Vinaigrette, topped with quenelle of Herbed Goat Cheese...."  That's right, drift off with me....to that lovely description. The Olives were not oily, they were fat, plump, martini olives. The Filet was perfect.  A Lavender Vinaigrette? It was a WOW. But it's a limited time salad, so it may not be there when you visit.

Then came the sausage sampler. You no longer can choose the sausages you sample like the online menu states, and you get saurkraut not german fried potatoes, but it was still nice. They set a bottled mustard you can buy in any grocery store on the table.  I think it  would have been nice to have some sampling of german mustards for dipping. It was at this point that I noticed we didn't have a bread basket. I had read about Rye and Pumpernickle with a tapenade that comes at the beginning, so I inquired. Unfortunately this was a cost loser for the restaurant and they no longer do it. Instead they brought out three basic dinner rolls with the tapenade instead. This change dissapointed me as it's rare to get hearty breads and the tapenade doesn't go well on a basic dinner roll, they should just bring out some butter.

On to the dinners. It was so very hard to choose among the Schnitzles and Sausages, but we managed. One Nurn-burger Combo and a Schweizer Schnitzle later with a side of potatoe dumpling and we were quite sure we'd ordered plenty of food. The Tomato soup which prefaced our entree's was better than I expected. Neither of us like Tomato soup and both of us liked this one. I'd skip the potato dumpling side in the future it was a gooey mass of starch,  maybe we should have tried the Spaetzle instead. 

The Schnitzle was really good and the sausages juicy. I think I could try a different schnitzle each visit and be pleased. I also might consider just a sausage and a bun. They will bring a roll for your sausage if you ask. The Wirsing was very tasty, I had read it wasn't so good, but I was thrilled with it. In the end we were quite full, we had ordered some drinks and had forgotten the large promised bread pudding. It arrived and we ate what we could handle while the Tuba and Accordian duo played their way through the restaurant. 

A bit spendy, we hit $80 for the two of us, but we weren't trying to eat cheap. Careful planning could lower the cost. All in all it was quite festive and fun for an evening and we are glad we went. You should visit!
One word, INCREDIBLE!!!! That describes everything i have tried at Haus Murphy's. If you want to experience complete bliss then try the gnocchi, theres is really fantastic. Its definitely the best i have ever had. Also, there sausage is great and (I cant believe im saying this because I am someone who used to hate it but) There sauerkraut is amazing. I couldn't stop eating it.
   The place has a very nice historic feel to it which adds to the experience. They have a nice outdoor seating area and some nights they have a band that plays out there. 
    Just try Haus Murphy's, I know you wont be disappointed.
I really loved the homey feeling of this place. Very comfortable and extremely friendly but the food, meh.. it was hit and miss. Their brown gravy tasted like something from a grade school cafeteria which was a real let down. The potato dumpling bland and their 'giant' pretzel was smaller than the kind you get from snack bars. Also they no longer have rye bread with herb butter.. they use some bought dinner rolls, pretty lame! 

Now the good stuff.. the Bauernplatte for two was awesome! Heaping helping of sausages, kraut and friend taters.. was wonderful! The German potato salad was the best Ive had, just great!

So all the little stuff really took its toll for me on this place.. perhaps it was an off night for the kitchen? Its a pretty far drive to find out.
beer.. sausage.. pork patties.. potatoes.. pickled cabbage.
mmm then nap time.

anytime i find a german bier garden I try my hardest to get to it and considering i was only in AZ for a couple days i thought it was a good chance to try haus murphy's.. 

from the looks of things from pictures from other yelpers it looked promising.. 
figured i'd get some good beer and brats.

so by the time i made it out there i was starving and we still had to wait for 2 more people to show... this could have added to my crankiness because i think we waited for 30 minutes watching every car drive by.

it would have probably made me feel better to get a beer first but i didn't want to go in by myself considering the kitchen staff came out to stare while i was doing a walk through to check out what we were dealing with.

so most of the patrons had white/silver hair.. and it looked like they were celebrating life.

it's more homestyle than i thought it would be but when you hear beer garden and lounge.. you think it should be more happening but it was a thursday night in glendale and the place closes at 9.. i should have put it all together.

the place is huge.. it's actually the restaurant for the first half of the building then the backside is the lounge.. then alongside the entire building is the beer garden.

it was a nice nite out so we decided to stay outside in the beer garden.

the service is nice and helpful.. it's too bad the food didn't cut it.
their brats were spongy.. weisswurt had a different spice in it i couldn't put my finger on and the only sausage on the baunerplatte that was decent was knack wurst.. but that's just like a regular hot dog.

their mustard was just the generic haines spicy brown mustard... i think they could have made it much more authentic or gone with something with more flavor.. 

the schniztel was good.. but nothing more than a breaded cutlet.. which is what it is.. and i'd rather get it with donkatsu sauce at a japanese place.. the kossler kotelett.. is explained as a boiled pork chop.. which if you really think about it.. it's a slice of ham..  which it was.. and nothing too spectacular..

all the meats were pilled on top of either sauerkraut or pickled red cabbage and then on the sides of the plate were fried potatoes and the german potato salad.. nothing more than diner style fried potatoes.. but i did not get to try the potato salad because my non food adventurous friends got to it first.

the highlight is the atmosphere.. it's very welcoming and you have different sections to sit in depending on what you want to make of your night..

they have an awesome beer selection.. i wanted the spaten oktoberfest but they ran out and got me a different oktoberfest edition beer..
but the one that took the cake was the warstener dunkle.. 
it's a brown ale.. but it's so light and crisp you'd think it was a blonde.. 
it's absolutely delicious.. i was so jealous i didn't get it.. and even more so when my friend was billed $5 for his 32 oz and i had a 16 oz of the oktoberfest.. sheesh.. 
the other item i can vouch for is the soup of the day which was potato soup.. i didn't think i would care for it because we had the mount of potatoes and pickled cabbage.. but the soup was my favorite.. it was perfectly seasoned.. and pureed... and dipping their prebought buns into the soup was delicious.. it's a shame both the bread and the soup were the smallest in portion out of everything.

i still prefer red lion tavern in LA or hofbrauhaus in vegas...

but haus murphy's food did do the sleep trick.. i went back to my friends place and took a nap.. i don't know.. something about the beer and sausage mix that just makes me want to sleep right after.. it's worse than turkey dinners!

i forgot to mention they now serve absinthe..
food was decent, but overpriced for what it was and where it was. waitress was rude. service was incredibly slow. we had waited about 30 minutes to order, and another hour or so to get our food. on top of that, the waitress told us without apologizing that they ran out of soup that was supposed to be included with our meal. when i asked how much longer the food would take, the waitress replied "why? do you have to be somewhere?" we didn't even bother with dessert. live music was entertaining though (an extra star for that), but that was the only good thing about eating there. i will never come here again.
Complete disclosure here... I've not yet found my niche in the German cuisine.  I've sampled from several sections of the menu and haven't yet found a dish I didn't like, but haven't found that gem that wows me.

No, what I love about this place is the atmosphere.  Sitting on the patio on a warm (or cool) day enjoying the cuisine and the company of friends.  And great steins of beer.  There are several from which to choose ranging across the German spectrum.

Still, the highlight is their Oktoberfest celebration.  They truly set up (what I'd imagine is) a great bier garden experience (even though I've never actually been to one).  It's already pencilled-in for next year.
The food and beer were both very good. I really liked the atmosphere outside with the music being played.  

Service as good.

I need to go back and try other dishes.
This place is a must when in the area. I've been here twice and look forward to another visit soon. The German food is excellent. Everything I've had has been excellent. The staff is helpful describing the menu and offering their favorite selections. The food comes out within a reasonable time. It is reasonable priced and so good. Seriously if you have not been here you are missing out and need to try it out. The sauerkraut is amazing defiantly not from the can defiantly home made (like everything on the menu)!
Es schmeckt sehr lecker!

That's German!

I have been to Haus Murphy's to drink a few times in the past and was quite pleased by the beer selection as well as the size. I can get beer in a stein the size of my head? Surely you jest. I have a rather large melon. It is true though. The effer is huge and tasty.

I finally got to eat here with my favorite collection of Brite girls. The whole place feels rather authentic though I have never been to  Germany so what do I know? Everything I know about Germany I learned from Polka and online pornography (I think they love the Hoff).

 Community tables were not uncomfortable as they can be other places. They were quite cozy and enjoyable in fact.

The food while unpronounceable was very delicious. In fact I have been told that my opening line means "It's delicious" however as previously stated I know nothing of German so it could very well mean *insert funnt profane thing here*

Sauerkraut has become one of my favorite things in the world  and It does not disappoint here. The sausages were delicious and the beer made it all just a happy dining sort of day.

Also how can you go wrong with two old men in lederhosen playing the oompah oompah on a tuba and an accordion. These guys are rock stars. You learn to play these instruments solely to get chicks.

Srsly...I know you uppity east sider kids like to stear clear of the avenues except to take in some hipster-slumming it culture, but downtown Glendale has so much to offer. Haus Murphy's is amazing and it is nestled amongst little antique shops and whatnot with brick and lace and charm. Give it a shot. 

Tell them "Du hast meine Katze auf dem Fenster geworfen!"
Beer good! Atmosphere fun! Good place to eat outside if its a nice day.  Food good but overpriced.  I had snizle and it was ok but for the money not worth it.  The service was pretty good and the staff knowledgeable about German beers and food.  Its good to try once and that's bout it just to say you did.
Haus Murphy is getting 4 BIG stars! Why not 5 you ask? Only because they are in Glendale and it takes an ungodly amount of time to trek out there. With that being said... 

I have been to Murphy's 3 times and have enjoyed it immensely each time. I have never been to Germany or another really authentic German restaurant, save the German buffet at Epcot Center, so I don't think that really counts. The restaurant is on the smaller side and it can be very busy on the weekends, so make a reservation. They do have a nice beer garden outside where you can eat as well, weather permitting. They have a few larger booths in the front room, but have a large open area with tables and some community type tables in the bar area. I believe they have a polka band there on the weekends also. So if polka music is your bag you should check it out. 

On to the important stuff. Food and beer! Again, their food has been consistent all 3 visits. They have a simple salad that comes with most entrees, but the dressing is awesome! The mushroom soup is great too! They also bring out warm, fresh pumpernickel and sourdough I believe. I have tried the chicken with mushrooms and cream sauce, the rouladen, and the meatloaf. I can't remember the name for the meatloaf, but that is essentially what it is. It comes with mashed potatoes and cabbage. It is fantastic! I believe it was served with a brown sauce/gravy. The offer a very large selection of beers. I have had the Spaten Lager and the Spaten Oktoberfest. Both quality. You have to get them in the large glass steins they offer. Lets keep it authentic folks. 

The desserts are pretty good too. The Apple Strudel was very good, but does have nuts. If you can pick around them I would suggest it. The Black Forest cake was a little dry, but good. 

If you live nearby or don't mind driving go and give Haus Murphy's a try.
Do you want an escape from your typical Arizona dining experience? Do you crave an outdoor seating area were the beer flows like water and the old men dance around in traditional German clothing holding tubas? You really need to check this place out. I live about 5 minutes from here and it took me a full year and visiting relatives to finally get to downtown Glendale to check it out. 

We had a 6:30 reservation on the patio (It was a Saturday and I wanted to be safe but for 4, you could have done without the reservation). We sampled several German beers and I loved them all (wish I remembered the names). We started with the giant pretzel and sausage sampler-both were SO good I am still drooling. The Sausages were served over a bed of sauerkraut and the pretzel with spicy mustard. Everyone at the table tried something different and we all sampled everything. I loved the German potato salad served with the entrees and also the cabbage soup. 

The ambiance of this place was fantastic! The live music is from 6-8 and I really wish it went later. My boyfriend and I agree that eating there really makes you feel as though you are on vacation-far away from Arizona! I would HIGHLY recommend this place-great spot for anyone and especially out of towners looking for something unique!
Haus Murphy is the only authentic German bar/restaurant in the west valley.  They have 10 taps (Weihenstephaner Hefe-Weissbier, Franziskaner Weissbier, Spaten Optimator, Spaten Marzen, Warsteiner, and a couple more...).

Service is usually good and it has a very charming, relaxed atmosphere with German decor.

Mature customer base also... which is to my liking.
If you have ever eaten at an exceptional German restaurant, you will be ruined for life. Years ago, the Haus would have gotten 4 stars. But after being turned on to a little gem in Gibson City, IL called "The Bayrn Stube" my appreciation of fatty meat and spices stuffed in an intestine laid on a bed of sauerkraut and red cabbage has been forever changed. Haus just doesn't quite measure up. The cup of soup before the entree tasted like it came out of a can and the bread looked like the sheets of Hawaiian bread you buy at wally world. Probably the biggest turn off was when they brought out the brown mustard still in a plastic squeeze container. 
My meal was the Nuernberger/Kassler combo for one, and I had enough left over for breakfast the next day. Their sausages seem to be of lesser quality than I would get at Sunflower and the red cabbage had some pork gristle in it. Not that I mind a little pork fat in my cabbage, but not chunks, and definitely not gristle. My friend ordered the Huehner (Chicken) Schnitzel, which had a very good flavor, it was the best part of either of our meals. They do have a nice selection of good beers on tap, no Aventinus though. 
If the food was anything other than German, it would get 2 stars. It is nice to have somewhere to get a schnitzel when I'm in the area, but I wouldn't drive out of my way to eat here.
The sausage/bratwurst at Haus Murphy's is great.  Very flavorful, but I am more fond of the Krakaur (sp?) brat than the others. 

The sausage appetizer is definitely great for a big group and comes with a mustard that is excellent.

Our german waiter was a nice touch. :)

We sat in the lounge area which is nicely decorated and the bar looks great.  The tables being put together is pretty cool, although I kind of wished they were the same type/size so that you didn't feel like the puzzle pieces didn't match.  But that may be my OCD talking.

The food did take a while to cook.  I didn't get a chance to try the schnitzel, but one day I will.  Meanwhile I had the German Brat, which was moist and flavorful.  It was on top of the saurkraut... which having been a child who hated saurkraut, I tried it yesterday for the first time since, and I liked it.  So kudos to them for changing my view of saurkraut.  Unfortunately, my diet currently limits any starches, so I was unable to try the potatos that came with it, but they sure smelled good and looked seasoned appropriately.

The german beer was AWESOME coming in these HUGE mugs... all I needed was one beer.

Price wasn't too bad either.  $34 for a German Brat plate, Krakaur (sp?) brat plate, a side salad, and two german beers.

We would definitely go back.
In our continuing quest to try one new restaurant a month, we headed to Haus Murphy for beers Friday night. Haus Murphy has a wonderful array of German beers on tap and has the added advantage of being walkable for us as we are located slightly north of downtown near Manistee Ranch.  We were delighted with the homey bar area and the beer selection.  I had the Heffeweisen, which was light and fruity with a mild clove aftertaste.  My drinking buddies had the light lager and the brown dunkel in the big-gulp size (I kid you not! The small is 16 ounces and the large is a whopping 32 ounces). Did I mention it was a good thing we walked.   All in all a lovely, laid-back experience.  This is what a neighborhood bar should be. Please y'all, stay away from the souless chains at Arrowhead and patronize our local and deserving Glendale establishments. You will not be disappointed.  Oh, one other note --the beer is appropriately chilled for American palates and not room temp like in Germany --something we were relieved to discover after our stroll through the neighborhood (still 100 degrees at 9 pm.)
Walked into this restaurant on a Friday night around 7pm without reservations, and were seated right away.  The inside was packed because of the heat outside.  There is an inside and outside area to dine.  We decided to eat indoors.  We ordered the sausage Sampler at $10, and were surprised at the size of the sampler, nice size.  There was around 3 or 4 sausages on a huge bed of sauerkraut. Since we ordered the sausages for an app. I decided to try the Goulash Meal with Spaetzle, and Sauerkraut at $14.  My husband tried a combo with some sort of pork, with German potatoes and another helping of sauerkraut at $16.  My dish was a good size and the Goulash was really good, lots of gravy.   My husband's pork was nice and tender, almost melted in his mouth.  It took awhile for us to get our meal, we ordered a couple of beers while waiting.  During our dinner live polka musicians were playing.  It was nice to get some German ambiance in phoenix.  Beers were warm, but that's what was expected. For two of us to eat, with app, and two beers our dinner was about $75 with tip.  It was also hot in the restaurant.  They have plastic over the seats and it was a warm night and we sat right by the windows, so it was a little uncomfortable.   Both my husband and I were sweating, so we didn't want to sit around after our meal.  The food was good though.
Time to get your Polka on ... never thought I 'd wish I knew the moves to the Chicken Dance ..mid westerners help me out!! 
Haus Murphy just was plain ole fun tonight  , thanks to two Polka playing  Hawaiian-shirted, German loving musicians and a table  next to us full of celebrationistos  feeling no pain ,  we really enjoyed our time.  

The beer was flowing all around us , big mugs , giant mugs, lots of mugs.  Our large family group ordered lots of yummy homey foods  like German Meatloaf , which was rich and seasoned and moistened quite well . My husband and I ordered the giganto platter,the Bauernplatte for two was completely  awesome!  A  great eating challenge for my husband who can put away of truckload of food. This platter had a variety of meats including a wonderful chicken schnitzel, German potatoes, red cabbage , brats in assortment  and sauerkraut that tasted nothing like that stuff from a jar. 
We finished off dinner with some moist bread pudding like apple strudel that I thought tasted wonderful . I would love some more right now!!  Low carb diet  be gone!  Beware after such a big meal  1piece of strudel is enough for two people. 
Ambiance is  familyish , lots of people , and very fast service.  They have many long tables that serve big groups well. Looks like they are pros at  having a good time. Haus Murphy is a great place to take a family for fun .
I have been to Haus Murphy's numerous times, each time was a different experience.

The quality of the food seems to differ from one visit to the next. The size of the portions is rather constant, which is nice. During my last visit, my wife and I dined with another couple. We ordered the giant pretzel, which was a solid selection. Very tasty, not too salty. During previous visits, we have ordered the sausage sampler and were pleased by the flavor and the generous portions.

My wife and one of our friends ordered the same entree, however, the difference in presentation and quality of the two dishes was evident the moment they were placed on the table. Not too sure how a chef could allow for two entrees heading to the same place to be so noticeably different.

We sat in the bar area, which is my favorite. There is a large television which displays various sporting events. I happen to enjoy sporting events with fried food, what can I say? The beers are delicious, true German brews served in massive glasses. I prefer the 32oz Hefe. The beer is never a disappointment and is reasonably priced.

Haus Murphy has a new menu. The number of dishes has shrunk and the prices have gone up. Not a big deal initially, I understand it's a sign of the times. However, I was shocked to see my final bill. I ordered a side of sauce for my schnitzel that amounted to five dollars. Wow. A quarter of a cup of mushroom sauce for five dollars. Next time, I will do without.

Also, our waitress asked if we would like to split the bill as couples. We accepted. However, she returned to the table and informed us that she had tallied the beers incorrectly. She didn't offer to correct her mistake and instead left us figure out the details which she offered to take care of. A little unprofessional, but the difference of a few dollars wasn't a huge deal.

Overall, the experience wasn't as great as it once was, food and service alike. However, I still enjoy the majority of the food options and I will always love the beer. To me, this is enough to award four stars. Am I happy with the new menu and the diminished service? No, but I'll get over it. Just stop the slide, Haus.
Definitely one of my favorite restaurants, The Staff although a bit eccentric fits the place to a T.  A wide selection of German Beer's including Spaten, and Warsteiner, I personally prefer the Spaten Oktoberfest, 

They don't know how to make bad soup, I just wish they gave you more, every time we've been here they've always had simple but awesome soup.

And of Course "Schnitzel" or as they call it on the menu

"The Art of Schnitzel" if pounding pork thin breading it then covering it with sauces, other meats, cheeses etc, is an art form, then consider me a discerning critic.  Though I must admit I tend to order the Schweizer Schnitzel, which has Ham and Emmanthaler cheese under the breading.

We've had the desserts in the past and the Strudel is very memorable, as well as the german chocolate cake.

Maybe this year we'll make it out for their actual Oktoberfest celebration, we've been meaning to go for years.

When I think of glendale I don't think of Germans, but this place makes me more and more want to take a vacation to Germany.
Last Thursday I had the pleasure of joining a bunch of Yelpers at a UYE here.  I had not been here in over 10 years and they have move East on Glendale a bit since then.  At that time they were out of sauerbraten so they served us a stew of sorts that wasn't on the menu and I remember it being quite good and large plates of food.

I still desired to try their sauerbraten so that is what I ordered.  It comes with a potato dumpling, gravy, and red cabbage.  I expect a piece of beef marinated for three days to not require a knife to cut and to have some flavor of it's own before dowsing it in gravy, and sauerbraten I have had before met this.  This one to me was quite chewy and the gravy too sweet.  Gravy is one of those things that just because I think it is too sweet doesn't make it bad or improperly made, it just didn't suit my taste.  If I had liked the gravy better it would have improved my image of the dumpling which, without gravy, was sort of tasteless.  The red cabbage was just as I expected and have had before.

Now that I have grumbled about my meal.  I got a bite of a big pretzel two of which the restaurant comped us.  I thought it was a bit salty but overall a very pleasant surprise.  I chose to try mine with butter.  The bread pudding was delicious, I chose the small size and it was easily enough for two to share, but I ate it all anyway. :-)  All of this food was washed down with a good tasting Spaten lager.  The service was pretty good, especially for our large group.  And they were willing to split the checks, which even with a party of about 18 did not have the mandatory added gratuity, although I doubt if anybody in our party tipped less than 18% because they was nothing wrong with the service to warrant a poor tip.  The owner didn't introduce himself but he did make a couple of appearances on the patio to see how things were going.

I could easily be enticed to come back to the patio and enjoy a beer.  I think I would opt for one of the appetizers like a pretzel or the potato pancakes to soak the beer up with.
10/01

Had dinner with a group of yelp friends.  Thanks to Jim W. for organizing yet another fun event!  The weather was perfect and made for a relaxing dinner out in the patio.  

For dinner, I ordered the Krakauer Wurst, a spicy beef and pork sausage with a crispy sausage casing ("spicy" and "crispy" were the keywords in my choosing this dish!) platter, which included German fried potatoes, sauerkraut, and a bowl of chicken and cabbage soup ($9.95).  I would order this dish again!  Loved the spiciness and textures of the sausage (would I be able to enjoy trying out the other non-spicy dishes if I decide not to order the Krakauer on my next visit??), and the fried potatoes were very good- of course, I only ate the crispiest of the bunch.  I've been avoiding cabbage for many months now, but after sampling a taste of it tonight, I had to have more :)  I didn't taste the soup- that came home with me for my roomie to enjoy- but a few others received it with their meals, and the aroma was intoxicating!  BTW, I was also handed some horseradish on the side as part of the platter, but the sausage was spicy enough that I didn't need it.

For dessert, I ordered a slice of the German chocolate cake ($6.95?)- four layers of cake iced with homemade whip cream, cherry jam with cherries, and almond slivers coating one side.  A dollop of fresh whip cream placed beside it just added a little more sweetness to this lovely meal's end.  I would also order this confection again =)

I almost forgot!  Haus Murphy was gracious enough to offer two complimentary pretzels for the table.  While I had only a couple of small twists, I really enjoyed them!  I will surely order this on my next visit!
I attended a UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) here and I have to say that Haus Murphy's pretty much wowed all 20 or so of us!

It has taken me over a week to get to the review.  I was still reflecting on the German meatloaf, red cabbage and Weihenstephaner Hefeweizen.

How do you say, "Damn that was good!" in German?  I have new found respect for German cuisine thanks to Chef Hoffman (not sure about the spelling there).

The fubar of Yelpers (I am pretty sure that is the correct term for a large gathering of Yelpers) dined on the patio which is a great space.  Service was very good throughout the meal.

There was quite a bit of sharing going on and although I don't remember everything I tried, it was all really good.

It was great to see so many friends and meet some new Yelpers like Norm!
So after my first taste of German cuisine ('cause Weinerschnitzel doesn't count) I emailed my American friend living in Germany to ask if they really have any fruits and vegetables in Germany. Deep fried chicken, three types of sausage, German potato salad... Does red cabbage really count as a vegetable?  I'm not a big fan of sausage but I'm guessing the veal sausage is a little bland compared to what you might be able to find at a German Deli.  The chicken fried chicken was AMAZING and I highly recommend either that dish or the pork chop. I also thought the pretzel was worth coming back for.  I did not brave any German beer, but the house iced tea was fresh.  The wait staff was a bit overattentive, but better that than under attentive, yes? 

My American German friend was annoyed that I ate every German Food Stereotype for dinner. But since I'm not going to Germany anytime soon, I guess Haus Murphy's will do. He did confirm, however, that they DO have healthy food and fruits and vegetables there. ;)
after seeing a worker actually flossing her teeth in the kitchen.............................no thanks, not a place I'll go back to - shame after the praise it got on Triple D
I've been meaning to make it out to Haus Murphy's for a long time, but it is just so far away from the East Valley where I live. Then when I saw it featured on a re-run of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, I decided I needed to make a trip. So today when I was in the neighborhood, I decided to swing by to re-live the good old days I spent in Austria and Germany.

I stopped in for lunch and had the Paprika Schnitzel with German Potato Salad. It tasted exactly as I remember it from Germany and Austria. 

The service was prompt and thorough (Thanks, Tara!), and the atmosphere took me back. - A little slice of Germany in old-town Glendale.
3 stars for food
4 stars for everything else

We wanted to try something new and so we decided to try this place.  First of all, I love the fact that they have plenty of free parking; even on a Sat night.  The restaurant is actually much larger than I thought with the huge back room where we were seated.  

Since it is a German restaurant, we were ready to try their beer but didn't have a clue as to which one...our waitress took delivery of bringing us samples to see which one we favor.  That was very nice of her.  After ordering the beer, we had the imported pretzel, Paprika Schnitzel, Sauerbraten.  

*Pretzel = YUM!  It was crusty on the outside and very chewy inside.
*Paprika Schnitzel = very much like Japanese cutlet.  Not as flavorful..
*Sauerbraten = we tried it because we heard that it takes 4 days.  Honestly, the only thing we could taste was the thick sauce, the meat was kinda tough, and the pasta was bland.  On the upside, I liked the red cabbage.

Overall, it was a great experience with live German music, great beer and pretzel.  
But would we go back?...probably not.

*Ambiance = Wonderful!  It doesn't really feel like AZ.
*Food = mediocre...we prefer more flavor
*Area = good.  in the middle of old town Glendale.
*Service = great.  we had a wonderful waitress who took very good care of us.
Went to Haus Murphy's with some friends from work and a few other people, most of them a lot more enthusiastic than I about going to a German restaurant. I can't give this a useful review because I don't like most German food, and don't drink beer much anymore. So I'll give you what I can. My 3 stars are because, in all fairness, the place is just that, A-OK. 

It was the same weekend as the Glendale  Chocolate Affaire, so the place was packed and service was a little slow, but we were seated fairly quickly and received very good service considering how busy the place was. We were seated in the outdoor patio, originally right in the freaking sun, but they quickly realized we were not happy, and moved us to another table as soon as one opened up, in the shade.

The whole table started with a giant pretzel and a bread basket. The pretzel was very obviously made there - it wasn't from a box of frozen "Super Pretzels" like the ones at the ballpark. And it wasn't oily or covered in a bunch of melted butter either. Just wonderful! Warm, toasty on the outside and soft on the inside but not "doughy" either. It was the highlight of my meal, to be truthful.  The bread basket included alternating slices of rye and pumpernickel bread. I tried the rye, though I know that I don't like rye bread, so I don't know why I did that. Eh.

My friend and I shared a Bartlett Pear Black Forest Sandwich, which actually turned out to be pretty tasty. It was Black Forest ham, with julienned pieces of pear, fresh baby spinach, some mild cheddar cheese and a "walnut spread" that just tasted like mayonaisse. The bread looked like a ciabbata but maybe it wasn't. The side dish was either French Fries or German Fried Potatoes... we went with fries. 

Everyone else got chicken schnitzel, which was a chicken breast pounded to be really thin, breaded and then baked or fried (couldn't tell), and then covered with a thick white gravy. The side was German fried potatoes. From where I was sitting, it really just looked like lumpy mashed potatoes with a lot of butter.

And everyone but me had something alcoholic to drink. One friend had a riesling wine, everyone else got either an Oktoberfest or some other German beer - wish I could tell ya, but I really didn't pay attention. They all liked their choices, though.

The prices were not too bad. For example, our sandwich/fries was $8.95, the giant pretzel was $5.00 (i would have paid more than that for that pretzel!)

Overall, it was not as horrible an experience as I thought it was going to be, and I think the pretzel and sandwich saved me from just sitting there drinking water and watching everyone else eat. Would I go back there? Probably not - it's a long, LONG drive from where I live, and I wouldn't drive that far even for that great pretzel. However, if you live near there, or you just really like German food and beer, this might be a place to check out if you haven't already. Like I said, my review may not be very useful!
Stumbled upon this place while driving to the Chocolate Festival. My husband was thrilled as he LOVES German food. We decided to have lunch here after checking out the festival.

Being a lovely warm and sunny day we decided to sit outside....which is very cool...nicely decorated, big picnic tables and plenty of sunlight.

I ordered the Hackbraten (German Meatloaf) which was very good, the mashed potato and red cabbage were superb! With this I of course had to try a German beer.....I asked the waiter what he would recommend, he asked what type of beer I like and I said usually the darker ones...he recommended the Franziskaner Dunkel - an unfiltered dark wheat beer, dark roasted malt with a smoky roasted grain finish .... a great recommendation as it was just perfect with my meal.

My husband who is constantly craving Weisswurst Sausages was finally at peace having found it on the menu. He insisted I try some of his and said it would melt in my mouth....wow!...it actually does melt in your mouth....delicious. 

Our waiter was awesome as he knew everything on the menu so he was very helpful as well as very friendly and a great photographer! Everything you need in a waiter : )

The German music playing in the background was really festive and added to the great atmosphere. We will definitely be back!
Being German, I'm always on the lookout for a good German restaurant. I'm always skeptical of reviews because you never know if it's someone who never had German food, someone who's been to Germany once and thinks only the food they tried was authentic, or real Germans who are biased towards their regional tastes. 

My opinion is that the food here is usually great but can be hit or miss. Be sure you are prepared to spend some time at the here. It's not a place to stop in for a "quick" bite for dinner.  

Oktoberfest is a blast at this location and I try not to miss it. They've had the same band flown in from Germany the last few years and they are a riot.
What a great place! Very cute, inside and out. We sat on the patio as the weather was beautiful. I was here with my family and this was our first time at Haus Murphy's. I'm always up for trying new things it was just a chore trying to get my dad to agree.
We started with the Sausage Sampler ($9.95) which was really good. The only thing that would have made it better is if we had another type of sausage. I don't consider 2 types of sausage to be a sampler platter.
I had the Schweizer Schnitzel ($14.95) which apparently is a Swiss traditional meal, tender Pork Loin wrapped with Emmenthaler Cheese and Black Forest Ham, breaded and sautéed with the Chef's Paprika Sauce (an extra $2)
It came with the German fried potatoes - which are fried in bacon grease. Everything was really REALLY good. Now the food all seems to be rather fragrant as you could smell all the great food everyone else was eating. I was expecting it to be very flavorful. Like an explosion of taste when I bit in. It was not. The tastes of everything were simple which I think I enjoyed more than I normally would have. I was able to concentrate and define various flavors a bit easier than normal I guess. It came with this creamy cabbage concoction which was superb! 
For dessert I had something that sounded truly disgusting but was WONDERFUL. The Sauerkraut cake. It is a rich moist chocolate cake without a hint of sauerkraut taste. mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
I will definitely be back. I think this would be a fun place to go with a large group of people! Maybe next time I will have to try some of their beer and definitely the giant pretzel.
Oh and the waiter was superb. I think my mom even developed a little crush on him.
3.5 stars 

Went with a large group for a birthday party. We had two of the long tables in the back. Street parking only. Good luck finding a spot on a busy Friday or Saturday night. 

The decor: everything German. You feel like you are at grandma's with the mix matching plates and wooden chairs. Lots of cheesy German posters on the wall. 

The staff: very friendly. They close at 9 and we left close to 10. They were very nice about it and didn't kick us out. The server was willing to multiple checks for the couples in the goup. The service was a bit slow but it might have been because we were a big group. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu which was helpful. 

 food: everyone on Yelp raved about the big pretzel ($5) so we had to do it. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but I think I had it  hyped up in my head that it did not meet the expectation. Others loved it. Also tried the stuffed mushrooms. Only 4 come in a an order for $10. That was disappointing but they were good. We got the veal sausage ($11) and the filet medallions ($16). My fiance loved his veal sausage and I only kind of liked my dinner. The brown sauce was pretty heavy and medallions were not med. rare as promised - more like medium. Every meal also comes with a soup. It was not so good but I like the concept. Maybe just not my taste. My meal also came with mashed potatoes (yum) and red cabbage (super yum). 

drink: the steins of beer were 1 liter. Translation - an S ton of beer for $8!
Whoa, totally don't understand the love for this place.  We met with a group over here and boy was I disappointed.  To begin, why doesn't Glendale have meters?  Why do I have to go out and move my car every two hours?  That makes it really hard to drink and sober up without drinking and driving if I have to go out and move my car to a new spot every 120 minutes.  That's not Haus Murphy's fault but it is something that will deter me from going out there to drink.  

So we get in there and our waitress is awesome enough.  She is friendly, responsive, and helpful.  In fact, I want that waitress to come with me to some other restaurants (looking at you Fez) and show them how it should be done.  In any event, she was great and the only saving grace of this establishment.

Now on to the bad food.  I'm not German, never been to Germany, and my German culinary knowledge is limited to Milwaukee Brewers' baseball games.  That being said, food either tastes good or it doesn't.  I had the Wullwurst sausages.  They came out looking like fried Twinkies and tasted about the same.  No spice, no real flavor, and surrounded by a tough skin.  They were flanked by some purple cabbage that was unedible and some German potato salad that was some of the nastiest mush I've ever had.  

Apparently unsatisfied by this gluttonous torture that I had already endured, I ordered the German chocolate cake.  Now, I know this isn't an actual German food but it looked good and I thought they might go all out with it.  Nope, again - not good.  Flavorless.  I was basic chocolate cake with a thin layer of coconut on top and some Betty Crocker frosting on the outside.  

Sorry but this place was just not good and I will not be back.
Ugh, I would really like to like this place. 

Getting to the location is awful, traffic is painfully slow since there are no left turn signals on the main street. Parking was okay since it was Saturday afternoon, but having to re-park every two hours kinda sucked and the food was bland!! I have been to Germany, and all the dishes I had there were flavorful, and yummy...but this place? bland and embarrassing. 

I met a group there to play board games and the staff was so nice and great! But the turkey sandwich with horseradish mayo was dry and gross. I ordered it thinking the mayo would throw me off but "hey, it's a German restaurant, let's give it a whirl" I couldn't even taste the special mayo! My homemade sandwiches have more flavor than this one. 

I ordered the apple strudel hopeful for some redeeming quality to compliment the great service...0-2, again like the Compass Restaurant, the best thing about the dessert was the sliver dollar shot of whip cream. 

This place was so accommodating and fun to hang out at, with really nice service...but I wish I could have something nice to say about the food.
It took me a while to realize my vision of dining at Haus Murphy's. I first became aware of them from watching Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives on Food Network. In fact, I stole their paprika gravy recipe when hosting an Oktoberfest dinner party at my house. It was delicious over home-cooked schnitzel. I had to guess on amounts of ingredients, since Guy Fieri does the superfast play-by-play on the cooking process, but it worked out just fine. So I'm quite familiar with German food and have even pickled and cooked my own sauerbraten (sour beef roast). I had to try the sauerbraten at Haus Murphy's!

In a nutshell, I have to say that Haus Murphy's has delicious, authentic-tasting German food. The rotkohl (red cabbage) is right-on-the-money and the sauerkraut is truly fabulous. The sauerbraten was also very good... tender, slow-cooked, and thinly-sliced with just enough twang to wake you up. My buddy ordered the steamed smoked pork chops which were porkaliciously snarfable.

I do have some critical notes on what didn't work, however. The spätzle (mini noodle/dumplings) were uninteresting and watery. Didn't have the remarkable fluffy but chewy texture I expected (and yes, I've made my own spätzle). The sauerbraten, while delicious, simply suffered from being too tiny of a portion. I think even if they charged an extra buck or two, it would be worth it, but this was not a fair dinner-size portion. My buddy even had pity on me and let me share his pork chops (which were a generous portion).

So five stars for food and service and beer selection, but I have to hold back one star for residual hunger pangs. I will definitely be back to dine here again. But if I want to get full next time, I'm gonna load up on the pork! (As you may not know, pork is considered a vegetable in Germany...)
I certainly don't understand the hype over this place.  That's strike 2 for you Guy Fieri (#1 is Chino Bandido, bleh).  The layout of this restaurant is very strange, but I kind of like that they separate the large groups from the smaller groups of diners.  The staff, especially our server, was extremely accommodating and put up with our certainly frustrating antics of playing board games on the dinner table.  

I was pretty hungry when we got here, so i decided to order something on the heavier side and went with the gnocchi.  The gnocchi were lightly pan fried and then drowned in a ridiculously rich cheese/cream sauce and sprinkled with chunks of pancetta and a handful of wild mushrooms.  The mushrooms tasted really weird for some reason and the sauce was too tangy.  It just didn't complement the dish the way it should have.  I did however, eat every last bit of pancetta.  Yum!  I saw a slice of German Chocolate Cake (no, it is not German in the least bit) being served to someone at another table and I gave the puppy dog eyes until we ordered it.  It came out looking rather impressive, but it went down tasting rather dull.  It was dry and lifeless and the only good part, the coconut pecan icing, was severely lacking.

Well, I won't be back here, especially after most of my companions were less than enthused with their meals instead.  Oh well, I guess that will make everyone else happy.
I would probably give this 4 1/2 stars may be even five.  This place is fantastic.  For those who have traveled to Germany - this is the place to go that will bring back all your favorite memories.  First I have to give them kudos for having authentic German beer (my favorite is about 4th or 5th, a wheat beer that is a little darker than a hefenweizen).  Both times I have gone we had the potato pancakes - these are a bite of greatness.  Also the schnitzel is wonderful, I recommend the Paprika schnitzel.  Dessert - bread pudding is delicious!! I would highly recommend this place.   Specially to people who can appreciate German food, beer, and flavors.
What a neat place in downtown Glendale.  It really doesn't get any more authentic.  And if it does, let me know!  From our server, to our food, to our drinks, everything was great.  

Don't go here, and expect to not get real German and then complain that it didn't taste the way you would have wished..  I read a few reviews of this place, and I think it's funny that people complain about the food.. What do you expect?  It's not going to be your traditional American fare..  That's my rant.  I'll stop now..

I had the gulash and it was yummi.  i also tried the chicken schnitzel and some sausage and it was all really good.  The paprika soup was great, and the bread basket was also delicious.  I ordered a potato dumpling, and I didn't like it at all!   My only complaint.

There were some guys playing an accordian and a tuba outside, and all the wait staff dresses in German attire.

Fun fun night!
Here is why this gets the Five Starts:

1. Independently owned with the owners actually there working
2. Authentic German Food done VERY well
3. Amazing staff that understand the menu and doesn't make fun of you for pronouncing anything wrong.
4. LARGE outdoor bier garden in historic downtown Glendale
5. Das Boot - You can get a real German bier in a large Glass Boot.
6. Best from scratch pretzel you could ever dream of. 

The overall atmosphere is one that is just fun and very different from anything else I've found in the Valley.
Although we have been here many time brought countless number of guest to enjoy this place, as of recently we have had bad experiences. 45 minute wait for an appetizer followed by 30 min wait for our dinner order. Food over cooked and chasing our waiter for water and coffee, forget a refill, you would have to get it yourself. The surrounding waiters will not attend to you. The manager will walk by numerous times and not acknowledge your waiting so long for each phase of the meal. Also if you get there for a late lunch beware! If you sit outside and your waiter gets transferred inside you are left without service. If you bring this to their attention most likely you will get no resolution. How unfortunately as we have introduced this place to many and are sorry for the loss of this once nice place to bring guest.
Schnitzel, Spatzle, and Pretzel oh my! Did I mention beer too? 
These are just a few of the reasons I love (and you will too) Haus Murphy's. Set in Old Town Glendale one may not think to look for this gem. 
I recommend the Jager Schnitzel: Mushrooms in brown gravy with a delightful piece of fried pork....hungry yet? 
My husband swears by the sausages, and beer served here. I agree with him on the beer...You are allotted a GIANT beer (if so desired, and frankly who wouldn't desire this?) with lovely flavor. 
The staff is friendly and helpful. Check this one out! Zer Goot!
Haus Murphy's is A-OK in my book!  I've been here twice now and have had fun both times.  

The first time our group of four walked in the front entrance we thought we were in the wrong place.  There was no bar area in sight and who are we kidding, we were there to drink!.  The kind staff member let us know the bar area was down the long hallway, past the bathrooms.  Ah-ha, that is more what we were expecting.  There is also a nice patio area on the side that allows for direct access to the bar area.

Speaking of the bar, the boots of beer are a great picture opportunity.  I'm not sure who the model was for the boot, but that person had some very round calf muscles and very tiny ankles.  Also, when the beer in the boot gets low, drink with the toes to the side so that it doesn't bubble up in your face while you're drinking.

The appetizers are great to split with a big group.  The Sausage Sampler is one of my favorites for snacking; served with sauerkraut and mustard . . . YUM!  Other good choices include the stuffed mushrooms and soft pretzel.

Also, for you 24 fans, I think that Jack Bauer's older brother works behind the bar.  Nice guy!
While I'm a fan of downtown Glendale I think this place fares a little above average in my book.  I'd put it between 3 to 4 stars but not near the upper half of that range.  I've been here several times and I feel like I'm trying to like the place during each visit.  I don't think that is a great sign, some places I can walk into and already know that the restaurant is a hit.

Things I did like was the nice looking decor, homey feeling, and the beer choices.  I also like the location smack dab in the middle of downtown and it's right across the street from an American Recovery project that is sprucing up an alleyway to make the area more appealing to pedestrians.  I'd like to see what this looks like when the project is finished.

Things I didn't like was the food, which is nothing to brag about.  The flavors are ok, but nothing to make me say wow that was a great meal.  Another thing, I know the place is supposed to look old, but it's on the verge of looking run down and dirty.  A little extra cleaning and maybe a few upgrades would change this opinion of mine.

Haus Murphy is still a great choice for experiencing a German restaurant here in the valley.  This place has much more potential to be a complete hit.
#WVFN rolled in to Haus Murphy's last night.

For starters, they have proper 32oz glasses, so they're already a hit in my book.

Started the eating part of the night with a couple giant pretzels.

Giant is correct; the thing was as big as my head! And big, puffy, salty, and delicious! With the brown mustard, it was definitely a hit!

We ordered the Bauernplatte, which is listed as a combo for two, but handily accommodated three of us.

The schnitzel was delicious, the german fried potatoes were delicious, bratwurst was ok.

I avoided the red cabbage because I'm not a fan, but the other diners stated it was fantastic.

Beer:
Weihenstephan Hefeweizen was everything a wheat beer should be; rich and full-bodied, but not too heavy, with a very light citrus attribute.

Franziskaner Weissbier was phenomenal! Delicious, rich, perfect.

Franziskaner Dunkel was superb.

Can't wait to sample the remainder of their selections.

The live music was really awesome.

They have a nice patio, with misters, so even in the summer it should be pleasant.

I would never have guessed a place like this existed in Glendale. Now that I'm aware of its existence, I will certainly try to return.
My first time tour of historic Glendale was interupted when I stepped into the beer garden to enter this charming German restaurant!  I felt like I was at a German grandmother's home.  The decor was quaint and Bavarian, which I know from having spent time in Bavaria, and Munich for Oktoberfest!

The waitress we had was so helpful, we asked what she would order, and she shared her faves, amongst them which I enjoyed were the stuffed mushroom apps, and the Pear Bratten Sandwich, so yummy!  You can mix the sweet of fruit with the savory that lies within this yummy sandwich.  I chose fries as the side, and they were really yummy, unlike regular fries showing up at most restaurants.  

I enjoyed the Spaten Lager, the small still made a large beer for me, but I was in Bavarian heaven today!  Our lunch was 2 hours, it was so comfortable to just sit, enjoy chit chat, the food, and not feel rushed to leave, as would be the case being invited into a German home for lunch.  Danke Schoen Haus Murphy's, we will meet again!
I was soooo excited to hear about a German Restaurant in Arizona. After visiting Berlin and Franfurt for a week, I absolutely fell in love with German food. 
While the service was great and prices were decent, the food was not as exciting as I thought it would be. For an appetizer, we ordered the stuffed mushrooms. This was a great start to the meal because they were great. Possibly the best stuffed mushrooms I have ever had. Cream Sauce was amazing and the shredded sweet potato on top was a nice touch. That, along with my beer, were the best parts of the meal I would say. For dinner I chose the bratwurst with sour kraut and German potato salad, and my husband chose the paprika schnitzel with wersing and German fried potato's. Both of us had the soup of the day as well which was cream of mushroom. The soup was decent although it could have used a bit more salt. My meal was ok but comparing this to similar meals in Germany, I felt it was kinda boring and lacking. Also, the curry ketchup I ordered was not what I expected. Curry Ketchup in Germany is a lot like BBQ sauce in taste. The stuff I got at Haus Murphy's just didn't taste right to me. It tasted like ketchup with a curry aftertaste. Anyways, my husband did not like his paprika schnitzel at all. The flavor also seemed a bit odd. If you don't like curry, do not order this dish! The fried potato's were mediocre (kinda boring). The wursing, on the other hand, was very good. I think its because it had the same cream sauce as what was in the mushrooms. After dinner, we decided on bread pudding for dessert. This dessert definitely needed some work. There was not enough spice in it so it tasty like nothing more than bread soaked in eggs most of the time eating it. In any event, Haus Murphy's wasn't bad. I am rating it based on whether I would continue to go there and since I am in Maricopa and its in Glendale, the food would have to be spectacular to make me want to come back. Unfortunately, only a couple of small portions were close to being spectacular which I am not sure make it worth the time, effort, and money to return again.
AUTHENTIC German cuisine in a funky, artsy area.  We really had a nice family dinner that night on our Scottsdale area vacation, and we have Guy Fieri's show to thank for the idea, and Haus Murphy's staff to thank for the experience.  My Husband lived in Germany during his time in the military, so this was a step back in time and memories of the cooking he used to enjoy from a neighbor when he lived off-base.  For our Son and I, it was just an enjoyable night out to eat at a restaurant we would not likely have known about had the place not been featured on Diner's, Drive-In's, and Dives on the Food Network.  Don't shy away from the dark beers - the staff can help you make the choices.  The ambiance is a step back in time, but in a good way.  The staff is jovial and seems genuinely pleased by people who appreciate their food.  This is a must-stop if you're in the Phoenix area.  It was an easy drive from Scottsdale, and we would go back in a heartbeat.
Beer lover's rejoice. Weihenstephan on tap. Dank sausage. All homemade and delicious.
Im sure this place is better... however per circumstance I have to rate it poorly.  We showed up about 8:15 dodging construction and Glendale night walking folk to a fairly empty restaurant. Waited to be seated for 5 minutes and grabbed a couple menus to pass the time... Anyways, first thing the bearded, long haired, and very german waiter has to say to me is that the kitchen is closed. The hours stated they were open till 9. Either way, the onion soup could have been good if it was hot, as well as my knockwurst. My fiance got the chicken schnitzel and it was pretty good. I have worked in the industry and would have rather had them tell me to come back another time than recieve half ass food and service.
I love this place -- for some reason, German food doesn't seem to have quite the draw of, say, Italian, but I think that's because most people haven't tried the real thing. Haus Murphy's does it right. 

If you're worried about whether you'll enjoy German cuisine, don't be. The chicken schnitzel with white wine sauce is an excellent place to start (if you need one -- if you don't, it's still delicious). Give it a try!
A pretty good German place. Zany culture mixed with a few American icons and a (usually) pretty blizzard music selection makes this a fun and unique atmosphere. Liter beer steins and German sausages are plentiful here, how could you go wrong?
So as I am close to half German, I saw this place on Triple D on the food network, and while visiting family this summer, I talked them all in to going. we started with the sausage sampler, and the house soup that comes with the meal. mmmmmm good. My brother in law and I split the Bauernplatte - Combo for Two which has German Bratwurst, Spicy Bratwurst, Weisswurst, Kassler Kotelett and Pork Schnitzel served with Sauerkraut, Red Cabbage, German Fried Potatoes and German Potato Salad. man by the end, we were stuffed, and still had potato salad to take home. Our wives ordered Hühner (Chicken) Schnitzel, and of all things the gnocchi, which was pretty darn good. I would love to go back tho this place, the ambiance and the service were great, and the food was amazing in my opinion. 
The topper of it all was the ice cold authentic German beer on tap. 3 kinds of Spaten, Weihenstephan Hefeweizen, Warsteiner, and others. They actually have a beirgarten or beer garden to sit outside and drink in, It was summer when we went so the 109 degree heat at 7:00 kept us inside. If you are in town, give it a try, Near the Cardinals stadium, would be great for after game celebration.
My dad and I found this place last March when on the way to a spring training game. Liters of Hofbrau on tap...? CHECK!  Took one bite of the schnitzel and it was like I was 6 years old again at grandmas house.  Amazing! 

We came back a few days later, amazing food again. Get the sourkraut cake!

Do yourself a favor and put this place on your weekly dinner list. If I lived in Phoenix area, I know I would!
If this is what all German food tastes like, then consider me a fan.

I was in Phoenix to celebrate my birthday with family, and we sort of found our way here by accident.  The decor is very charming -- as though a group of German grandmothers decided to put up every picture frame and knick knack they had -- and the service is prompt and very pleasant.  

For starters, we the pastry-wrapped brie with lingonberry jelly -- a HUGE hit with the family.  The pastry crust was crisp, the brie melty and gooey, and the lingonberry jelly served as the perfect sweet complement to the cheesey, savory flavors.  Even my sister, whom I consider a pretty picky eater, loved it.

For the main course, it was schnitzel all around!  My mom ordered the Schweizer Schnitzel (pork wrapped in Emmentaler cheese and ham), which she really liked, but wished she had ordered a sauce to come with it.  My sister had the Paprika Schnitzel, which was actually a lot sweeter than she had expected, but again, very tasty.  I had the Holstein Schnitzel (fried egg, anchovies, and capers), which was everything I had hoped it would be.  Dad changed things up by ordering the Beef Roulades, which he simply could not stop eating.  I don't even remember him talking while food was on his plate, to be honest.  

I ordered a litre of the Hefeweizen they had on tap in hopes that I'd get the infamous glass boot, but unfortunately they were saving all the boots for the upcoming Oktoberfest, and so I just got a huge regular-shaped glass instead.  I'm not really a big beer drinkers, and so without the novelty of the boot glass, downing that much beer wasn't as much fun as I'd wanted (especially since I was the only one drinking), but I don't fault them for that policy.  I'll just have to go back some other time!  

All in all, a very good, fulfilling meal.  A very cute restaurant nestled in a charming area of old Glendale, Haus Murphys is a refreshing escape.
I ate beets.  How great is that!
I hate beets.

Quality vs Quantity
Quality vs Server Knowledge

Tough call on the rating.
Food taste was terrific thoughout.
German salad (included beets), soup with meal and sauerbraten.
All tasty.

The beets on the German salad were very tasty and I hate beets.
Server knowledge - I just had a beet epiphany and asked how they were prepared.  Shrug - they are beets.  Another person who brought my main course to the table equally clueless.

Bean soup included with the meal - delicious.

Sauerbraten, red cabbage and spaetzle very tasty.

However- barely ate lunch in anticipation of a beefy dinner.
2 thin slices of sauerbraten.  Seriously?

Sauerbraten should be a hearty meal, not a deli slice.

4 stars with a nod to a reasonable amount of meat.
5 stars if the waiter knew a few details about the food.

Return -  the schnitzels did sound awful good...........
Went here for a friend's birthday. Great place for long tables, being able to hear everyone with the option of fun live accordian music as well. Excellent beers, and yummy food. Heat lamps outdoors which was great but by the end of the night we were trying to steal them surrounding tables. Be prepared if sitting outdoors!
As I walked the streets of downtown Glendale, the Oom-Pah music wafting down the alleyways let me know what I was in for: GOOD TIMES.

You really could come here just to drink.There's a full-fledged beer garden outdoors on the side of the restaurant where a band was set up, playing traditional polka which goes great with beers. Even though we're in the desert it was pretty chilly out there so we opted to stay indoors. Bring a sweater just in case.

Vegetarians beware! You're not gonna find much to eat here. We ordered the stuffed mushrooms (stuffed with meat, of course) as an appetizer, the bauernplatte combo, a GIANT BEER (a one liter mug of their darkest, the Optimator), and for dessert, a slice of black forest cake. oh, and some GOOD TIMES.

We came real hungry and the portions did not disappoint. The stuffed mushrooms were not only pretty to look at, they were also huge and very delicious. I could see someone ordering this appetizer and making it a meal just by itself. Not having been here before, or properly indoctrinated into German cuisine, my wife and I decided that the combo for two would be a good start: spicy bratwurst (my fave), German bratwurst (also good!), weisswurst (least fave), a kassler kotelett (fried and flavorful) and some pork schnitzel, with (THE BEST) sauerkraut, red cabbage (so good!), fried potatoes (yes!) and some German potato salad (YES!) on the side. Like I said, we were hungry, and managed to put a dent into little over half that platter. Our server initially brought me out the wrong beer, which was sorta funny because I had asked him for a recommendation, and it had to have passed through his head as he was lugging this huge mug to my table. I did taste it before I sent it back, and it was good, but when the Optimator showed up, all was right with the world (I kind of get excited when I walk into a place and there's beers on tap that I haven't tried, and even more so when they turn out to be amazing)! To finish the meal off we thought, "Ah, what the hell," and split a piece of the black forest cake, which was pretty good, but next time I wanna try the strudel. 

Haus Murphy's is an institution, and we will definitely be back with a full crew to put this place to the test. I don't think there's anywhere else quite like it in Arizona as far as the menu, the ambiance, the fantastic beers, and the aforementioned GOOD TIMES.
Haus Murphy's is fabulous in so many ways that I can really only hit the highlights here. Even if German food isn't your favorite (I dislike saurkraut and cabbage), the service and food is great.

The service was wonderful. I was almost 2 hours earlier than my friends, so I used a table in the bier garden to do some work on my computer (with my own mobile hotspot. . . Haus Murphy's does not have wi-fi). The entire staff made me feel welcome as a sipped a wonderful German beer and did some work.

My friends showed up, we had great dinners, and then we continued on to Glendale Glitters. If I'm able to make it over to Glendale from my home in Mesa for Glendale Glows in January, I will certainly stop in Haus Murphy's. 

Authentic German or not (I've never been to Germany, my friends of mine who have seemed to really enjoy the food too), this place is worth the visit. 

Enjoy!
I can't say I eat German everyday or would even think to find a German place.  I have to say, I was glad my son and I stopped in and ate.  Great service and good food!  I will stop in again next time I go down to the downtown Glendale area.
Haus Murphy's is fun place place to go for German meals and it has a lot of fans.  I found them to be a little dated with their decor and their food is usually cooked well done or over cooked.  Their service is A~OK.

Food feedback:
Apps ~ 
Sausage Sampler, Bratwurst/Krakauerwurst served over a bed of homemade Sauerkraut is tasty! 
Potato Cakes,  served with a side of Apple Sauce and sour cream was a bit overcooked very dry. 
The Giant Bavarian Pretzel Imported 10oz. salted Pretzel is highly over rated and was not cooked evenly. 

Meals ~ 
Their beef & pork sausages are all served over their homemade sauerkraut with German potato Salad or fries.
Bier Bratwurst - Beef-Pork Sausage is good.
German Bratwurst - Pork Sausage is bland.
Krakauer Wurst - Polish spicy Beef-Pork Sausage is awesome! 

Their Schnitzel's are good but again overcooked at times. I preferred their Steak Schnitzel topped with a Gorgonzola cheese and Roasted Onion Sauce.  Served with German Fried Potatoes and Bacon Roasted Green Beans. 

Beers~
Spaten Lager or Weihenstephan Hefeweizen are best, you cant go wrong here.
Came here for dinner yesterday night. It was quite a quiet night...most shops were already closed on the street and it was only 7pm. The restaurant was nicely lit so it wasn't hard to find.

We tried the Bauernplatte - Combo for two. So basically it has a little bit of everything on the menu...pretty good choice if you want to try everything they serve in one sitting. hehe 

So the combo plate included three types of bratwurst, pork schnitzel (which is a flat piece of pork, breaded and fried), kassler kotelett ( which is porkchop), German fried potatoes, German potato salad, red cabbage and sauerkraut. I liked all three types of bratwurst, but the most tasty of them all is the kassler kotelett. This pork chop is very different from any kind of pork chop I have had...usually pork chops are pretty rough and not very flavorful...but this pork chop is very moist and flavorful...sorta taste like ham. This was my bf and my favorite out of the sampler. The pork schnitzel wasn't that good because there was no sauce and it was a bit bland. I wasn't a fan of the potato salad because it was sour...not a fan of the red cabbage or the sauerkraut but the German fried potatoes were tasty. 

The beer according to my bf has a different taste and is slightly stronger than American beer. 

The service was really good - - the waitress was very friendly and sweet.

Overall, I liked the food, atmosphere and service. =]
Greatest German Food in Arizona.

I feel a little jet lagged, I've just come from Germany, but no jet lag here, I was eating at Haus Murphy in Downtown Glendale and thought I was in Germany. 

Great place, don't miss eating here, or you will miss a real treat.
Awesome German food, little pricey but the best German food I've found in Phoenix. If you need German food you need to go here.
Been here twice in alittle over a month. My girl favorite cake is German Chocolate so I took her there just for that on Valentine's day after we had dinner someplace else. She loved it and said it's probably the best German Chocolate she's had. So we went back there again today and we had just the cake again. She still said its the best she's had and I have to agree its very moist and just sweet enough. And they actually give u a good slice for the price compared to other places that give u a tiny sliver. One of these days we are going to actually have to try the food there. But for now whenever we want some German Chocolate Cake. This is our spot.
Nice atmosphere , a lot of German in this place. However the food was a disappointment. Beef Roulade was tasty, but meat was dry. Weiner Schnitzel was a dried out slab of meat, breaded and possibly laying on a plate in the kitchen for a while. Precooked and then reheated. Not freshly fried for sure. No additional lemon based gravy, made for a super dried out experience. Potatoes were too mushy. Apfel Strudel was very good, but obviously over hot from a microwave 'heat-up' before serving.  We don't need to go back. We did love the accordian and tuba players, they were great!  PS, I am German and I know my german food!
Amazing food.  Drove 90 miles round trip just to eat here.  Very quick friendly service.  Will be back for sure
Not much omm pa pa in this German restaurant. Ach du lieber. 

My dad was career military and our family was stationed in Heidelberg, Germany for several years, while I was a teenager. I was fortunate for many things, among them the ability to enjoy a wide variety of tasty and authentic German foods. I miss the German comfort food from my youth. 

That's why I was so excited to hear about Haus Murphy. Not only is it located nearby, in the Phoenix area, it has also been featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives - so it must be good, right? 

Well, actually, not so much. I ordered the Schweizer Schnitzel, pork loin with sliced ham and cheese. Sounds scrumptious, but was actually a bit dry and I'm not sure I could have detected the ham and cheese unless I knew it was (supposed to be) there. My husband had the Chicken Schnitzel with white wine mushroom sauce. Even though I'd never heard of chicken being made into a schnitzel, it was better than mine. Entrees include a side of German potatoes and also Wirsing (creamed cabbage) both good. In addition, we ordered a side of red cabbage (great) and also spatzle noodles (fair). 

The live omp pah band had good intentions, but was so loud it disturbed the customers.  I heard one customer ask the waiter to please move the band away from their table because it was making for an unpleasant dining experience.

Overall, nothing horrible, nothing great, I won't be returning.
Had a quick lunch here today (alas, didn't try the beer, things to do later...).  Overall, not too bad at all.  

Service was courteous and competent.  Hostess and server alike were warm and pleasant.

Atmosphere was pretty cool.  Walk in through a neat little beer garden/patio area (could see where this place would be great at night) into a very National Lampoon's European Vacation-like decor.  Clean, but not fancy (our bread plates were clearly from two different sets of china (one plain, one with elaborate printing)).  Overall very inviting and comfortable.  Our table was against the window facing Glendale Ave, so one could do some people watching...

Food was solid.  Started with simple potato pancakes w/ apple sauce and sour cream.  They were nicely seasoned and tasty, but probably frozen (nothing wrong with restaurants serving packaged food by the way... as long as it's good).  My wife had the chicken schnitzel which came out crisp-but-not-too-heavy on the outside and moist/tender on the inside.  The mushroom/wine sauce wasn't great, but wasn't horrible either.  I had a Big Griller (a rather phallic-looking footlong bratwurst served over sauerkraut.  It was quite yummy.  Strangely, the menu says "Great with Curry Ketchup", but it didn't come with any nor were we offered...   Just thought it was weird.

The price was very reasonable and overall a pleasant meal.  Not necessarily a place I'd drive to regularly, but if in the area, definitely worth a stop.
First of all I want to make sure to mention that the service was fantastic and that I could not have asked for a more polite and professional service.
Haus Murphy's food is okay at best and honestly I would not choose to return for dinner or lunch. I ordered the cheese-spread as an appetizer and the rye-bread that came with it was dry and old. 
The Jaegerschnitzel and the fried postatoes were okay, but the corn chowder was absolutely terrible. 
If you are looking for a fun place to have a beer, this would be a good place to go, but dinner or lunch I would not recommend at Murphy's Haus.
My wife and I got a chance to come here on a saturday night. 
We sat on the patio and there was 2 guys playing music. Pretty loud.

We ordered a big azz pretzel that was great and my wife couldnt stop talking about it for days afterwards. It was the best pretzel ever.

They do take there time bringing out the food and getting the check, so plan on being there for awhile. 

We ordered a schnitzel, the swiss style one. Its kind of like a corden on bleu but with pork and it has some very suttle flavors, nothing over powers anything.

We would definitly go back and if you do go, make sure you get a pretzel
After a long cross country journey, this was our last stop on our way 
home. It ended up being the highlight of all the resturaunts. I had the saurbraten and absolutely loved it. Staff was great
Im sad to read the bad reviews... I dig this place.  As with many places Im sure that they have the occasional misfire, but all in all they really do serve a mean schnitzel.  

I don't know why anyone would go there and order anything but sausage or schnitzel.... It's a German place, don't order a cheese plate or a pasta.

The Hubby and I hit them up about every other week now that we live within walking distance. The beer is great - fantastic German options that are wicked hard to find on draft anywhere else in town.  The atmosphere is just okay, but the service has always been good... the sausage is YUMMY and the sauerbraten is to DIE for. All of their sides are tasty too - I've never lived in Germany, but the spatzle, wirsing, red cabbage and dumplings are UBER!

Don't expect it to change your life, but go get your beer on- star with a sausage sampler and try something off the specials or schnitzel list.
I held off on this review, I was here on New Years Eve before heading to westgate and again this past week.  

The service is fantastic, the beer is great, and the food, well that has become really hit or miss.

I would love to 5 star this place because I grew up in the area and have been here dozens of times and it had been great.  But recent trips there have left me using the word "bland" a lot.  The pork schnitzel was flat out not good, and the spicy brat which was always one of my favorites here did not measure up either.  Worst of all, on my new years eve visit, they were "out" of the fried potatos and left us with average potato salad and french fries.

I'll probably be back, because I go to many downtown Glendale events, and have a little sentimental value in this place...but I sure hope it steps back up.
The prager schnitzel was pretty good very tasteful. If you were to start trying German food its a great place to start. I would recommend it to the beginner and the intermediate, but not for the hardcore German food lover.
I had not had, or even thought about, red cabbage for many years. It was something we ate frequently at my grandma's house. So, I was very excited to see it on Haus Murphy's menu. And, it was as good as I remembered it.   We enjoyed all of the food, starting with the giant Bavarian pretzel.  The Wiener Schnitzel, Kraut Roulade, wirsing and sauerkraut were very flavorful and authentic.  The staff was very friendly and the service was good. All in all, we had a great experience and will definitely be back. We are looking forward to cooler weather so we can enjoy the outdoor beer garden!
Had a great time here.  Great food, excellent beer, and live polka!  Be sure to get the sausage and pretzel appetizers.
Wow. What a difference. I came here last year and was disgusted. Being German and moving to the USA as an adult I know how German food should taste like and this was an embarrassed.  
Since this place was still better than the other German place (Black Forest) we decided to try it again.  What a pleasant surprise. The food was very tasty. 
So I realized why the change...they now  actually have a German chef instead of a non German chef  which they had for years. Also, the staff was very friendly and attentive and prices were great.   The only reason I gave 4 instead of five stars is b/c they did not offer a choice between soup or salad and just served Egg Drop Soup which was ok; however, on a hot summer evening I would have preferred a choice.  What an improvement!  We will be back.
"Fantastic German food" is what I have heard from EVERY person I know who's ever been here. I agree. Every plate I tried was impressive. They also have some great rare German beers.
Diners, Drive-ins and Disappointments

This is the fifth place Guy has gone in the valley and that I have tried and it was another so-so spot.

My wife and I are used to eating at Bavarian Point and Zur Kate in the east valley and enjoy both places.  We have also eaten at The Rheinlander in Portland a number of times.

We made the drive from Chandler to Glendale to try something new.  We started off with the Käse Spätzle which they say is German style Mac and Cheese.  The dish was good but had too much oinon, especially for a kids meal.

The kids also the chicken strips and fries.  They enjoyed the fries but the breading on the chicken was not kid friendly (my wife thought it was made with rye).

My wife and I had sausage plates, they were ok but unremarkable. The potato salad had very large chucks of potato that I wish were cooked a little more and the red cabbage was sweet, not tangy, and could have used some more simmer time.  The Speigl was great.

the food took close to an hour to make it to the table and the place was not busy.  We were told this was longer than usual but weren't given an explanation.  

The servers seemed friendly.
I know it is difficult to be a vegetarian or a pescatarian at certain restaurants. Haus Murghy's is one of them.

They do have some vegetarian options, but almost all of them were carb-heavy. (I need my protein too!!) Their giant Bavarian pretzel was, er, giant. It was warm and delicious with mustard. Although I am a huge fan of spätzle, the vegetarian version of Farmer Skillet (basically buttered noodles with some veggies) was rather bland compared to the gnocchi smothered in rich Gruyere cheese and wild mushroom sauce.

My dining companions ordered a wedge salad (a wedge of Iceberg lettuce = B-O-R-I-N-G), Caesar salad with grilled chicken (pretty good, so I was told), and bean soup (with hamburger meat).

The service was friendly, but I just wish they had given a bit more thought to fish/veggie options. (Or am I being ridiculous?)
Haus Murphy's was my first German food experience ever. The cuisine was OK but it isn't something I'd shove people down to get to. 

I went with a friend who lived in Germany for a bit and he said that Murphy's wasn't quite up to par. 

We ordered the sausage sampler as an appetizer. The sausages were tasty, but they were a bit cold. For something that is labeled a "sampler", I felt disappointed with only two types of sausages served in it. I don't know for sure what types they were, but they didn't taste unique to me, as it seems like you can purchase them in the meat section of any supermarket. 

The sausages were served with three types of condiments. A sweet style mustard, a Dijon style mustard, and ketchup blended with curry, which I'm told is a recent favorite of the German kids brought over from Turkish immigrants. 

For our entrees, we all had some type of schnitzel. That same friend told me to try the Wiener schnitzel as it is the representative item when you think of German cuisine. So all our schnitzel's came out and mine was the blandest. My friend's schnitzels had different gravies, toppings, and stuff and my poor little Wiener schnitzel was just bland and all alone. You have to get that Wiener schnitzel wet with gravy ! 

No biggie, I'm a foodie so I'll eat it. A schnitzel is basically German country fried pork. Not super exciting. I copied my friend who lived in Germany and substituted potatoes on the side for spatzle, as I wanted this experience to be as authentic as possible. I don't know if it's just Haus Murphy's, but the spatzle was kind of bland, even with the gravy. 

I do however like the word spatzle. If I ever visited Germany, I would only say spatzle, to everyone. I also liked the other thing that was served with the entree. It was kind of like a mashed potato mixed with some creme sauce, onions and some kind of green vegetable or herb (probably spinach). 

The beer here was good authentic German beer. I didn't get drunk, but I still don't remember what kind I had, you'll have to experiment. 

Service was excellent. I read some reviews that said Murphy's was slow but everything came out quickly and evenly for us. The waitress was very friendly and they spoke lovely German (not that I speak ANY German, but it sounded sexy). She was very helpful in describing everything, from the food to the beer.

I ordered a BAP (big ass pretzel) to go. Philly is known for some pretty good pretzels and this BAP was good. It was expensive, but it came out warm, soft & chewy. The only thing is they went a little heavy on the salt. 

To steal and modify a quote from a Seinfeld episode: "That big ass pretzel made me thirsty"!  

Note* They don't actually have it on the menu as a BAP.

Would I return to Murphy's? Ehhh, yeah to try some of the other things, but I definitely can't see it as a place that I would be a regular at.
I really like Haus Murhpy's.  A little taste of Germany in the middle of downtown historic Glendale.  The huge homemade soft pretzel with mustard is a must have for an appetizer.  Great German beer choices.  They serve a wheat beer with no hops.  Being allergic to hops, it's nice to have that option.  They have several schnitzels to choose from and the saurbraten is greatt.  Everything on the menu is tasty.  You have to try the sauerkraut chocolate cake for dessert.  The sauerkraut makes it so moist.  Trust me.   

This is comfort food.  You wont' find much in the way of diet foods here.  If that's what you're looking for, then you'll have to go elsewhere.  There are no gluten free items on the menu as far as I know.

Otherwise, I think you'll love it.  Quaint and homey.
Not bad but I have had much better.

Tried the combo plate with a sampling of various sausages, schnitzel, meatloaf and ham. The sausages and ham were the best part. Ham had a nice smoky flavor and was very tasty. 

They had a couple of dipping sauces including dijon mustard (from a bottle) and a curry ketchup that tasted like your bottled ketchup with curry powder. 

 Schnitzel was overcooked and dry and almost rubbery. Spatzel was watery and almost tasteless. Potatoes were very oily and not very flavorful. meatloaf was soft and spongy and packed with flavor but I have had much better.

Overall - the things that were done right - sausage and ham - were very good but the  things that were not done as well were more of a dissapointment.
How hilarious that two stars is "Meh" because that famous phrase of Larry David's was how I was going to begin this review.

The giant pretzel? So so, probably microwaved. The menu is fairly pedestrian- why is it so hard to find German food other than wursts, schnitzels, saurbraten, and the occasional rouladen? Oh yeah, the smoked pork chops too- the kassler whatever. There's so much more to German food.

First course was a soup not congruous with a German eatery. I don't remember exactly what it was, some cream soup that should have been called cream of milk.

My companion had a stew or goulash that was on offer that night. He liked it, but then again he's from St. Louis and thinks that Steak N Shake burgers are the shizzle.

I had a sampler platter, don't remember what side dishes came with it, I believe they were generous and fairly tasty- not sublime, but tasty, albeit mostly forgettable. (If you read my other reviews you will note that I tend to remember everything I ordered and the subtle nuances thereof)

I'd take a pass on Haus Murphy's, and that's sad, because they have a cute little biergarten and I like to support independent restaurateurs- a dying breed. 

Sigh.
Looking to surprise spouse while in Phoenix with good German. Of course, the Rouladen was not as good as her Mom's, but then again, I am sure there never will be one that competes with "Mom's."

Other than competing with Mom's, the food and service were excellent.  The Rouladen, though not Mom's, was thoroughly enjoyed, the Brats, German potatoes, sauerbraten and spatzel were delicious. Desserts, wow!!  Got to try the sauerkraut cake - it's a chocolate lover's delight.
I love the live music and atmosphere on the patio.

The service was good and so was the food. We gad potato pancakes and a pretzel for appetizers. The pretzel was fantastic and the potato pancakes were ok, but not as good as my grandmother's.

I shared the combo for 2 with a friend. The sausage and ham were fab and the little salad was one of the best I have ever had. The ony thing we didn't like was the 
meatloaf type thing on the combo platter.

The place cleared out pretty quicly Saturday night... By 9pm, people were packing up the patio.

Overall, it was a great time. I only wish there were some more veggie options for sides.
I wasn't very impressed, but maybe German food isn't my thing?  Sorry I cannot provide more detail, but it was all pretty forgettable.
WARNING:  New chef.  I've been coming here happily for years.  First of all, most of the menu is gone, along with the dishes that kept me coming.  I decided to try something new, the Goulash.  Very disapointed.  Even the spatzel was not up to par.   When I expressed this to the waitress, a "gee I'm sorry" was the extent of the response as she walked away.   Beer was as good as ever, but not enough to overcome the disapointing food.
I wish I could give separate stars for food and service. This place was very busy when we walked in, as it was Glendale Glitters. We expected to wait for a table, but were pleased when we were seated immediately. We ordered the sampler for 2 and drinks. I also wanted a salad, and the sever told me it was $2, which seemed reasonable. Our drinks arrived, and we settled in to our outdoor seat. The German band was a nice touch, and the heaters kept us toasty. Our food arrived soon after we finished hubby's soup and my salad. As the food runner approached, time slowed down to slow motion. He almost slid the entire plate on my lap but, instead, he reached to balance the plate and knocked over my full soda. On my lap. On the cold patio. I was not angry about the spilled soda--I was a server forever, and these things happen. I could tell this kids was freaked out, and we felt bad for him. He grabbed some napkins, apologized profusely, and then almost took off when I asked him for a refill on soda. He brought me a refill, but left our table a complete mess. We cleaned up as much as we could, and covered the ice left on our table with a bunch of napkins. I was soaked and our table was trashed. Our server came over and brought more napkins, but did not clean up our table until prompted. Pretty strange. Also, we ordered a sampler type meal, and no one really told us what was what on the plate, so we didn't know what we were eating. The food was quite good. I can't really tell you what exactly it was, but it was a huge portion for us. 
  Our server also apologized but nothing else happened. If this would have happened when I was a server, I would have asked the manager to stop by the table and offer to at least buy dessert, if not the entire check. I was soaked; this wasn't a couple of drops. If you read my other reviews, I am not one to expect free food, but if there ever was a time, this was it. But, nothing was com'd. In fact, the side salad I ordered was $4 instead of $2.
Wunderbar!

This is easily one of my favorite restaurants in metro Phoenix.  I've been there 3 times now and have loved each visit.  On two of the visits I sat at the patio area.  On both nights it was chilly but they keep propane heaters going that really warm the place up (you might not want to sit too close to them as they give off a lot of heat) the other time I sat at the bar watched a game whilst drinking German beer and eating a giant Bavarian pretzel.

Haus Murphy's has great atmosphere and darn good food.  The above mentioned pretzel is a must and goes great with the German mustard.  Their mustard has a great kick and will clear any nasal passage.  As far as the entrees I have had the sauerbraten and the schweinebraten and enjoyed both.

The German beer selection tops anything I've seen in Phoenix thus far.  I recommend the Konig Ludwig Hefeweizen.

Service was great every visit.  Kudos to the manager who dealt with a fussy customer at the table across from mine during my last visit.  She took it all in stride and didn't let if phase her one bit.  Very professional even when being wronged.

I can't praise them enough.  I'd give them 5 stars but I've been to a German restaurant elsewhere that was better (no fault to Haus Murphy's, the other place is that amazing).  It's especially nice this time of year since you can sit out on the patio and take in the Glendale Glitters while enjoying a great meal.
Just did a true brau house experience tonite for 21 folks.
Cost was 25 each. But for starters and light main meal and beer it was a great holiday treat!
So far, I can only review the bar for this place, but that's all one needs to be sold on Haus Murphy's. Virtually anything and everything I could think of was stocked in the dense cabinets, and the tap selection was amazing. Amazing, I tell you! Now, I've never had German beer, but my Dunkel Optimiser hit the spot and packed quite a punch. Would drink again, especially since you can get it as a 32. oz. Are you up to that challenge?

Of course, the overall atmosphere also rocks. I've walked by here a million times and seen the live polka and such. Consider this a place a glimpse of a culture you won't see too often around these parts. Can't wait to tell you about the food!
Haus Murphy's was featured on Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives.

I'll start out by saying that my favorite thing about Haus Murphy's is the originality of the place. I've never been to Germany, but it felt like what I imagine Germany to be like. Everything from the decor, to the menu, to the beers on tap had a great German vibe to it.

I decided to order the German Bratwurst. The German Brat came on a plate with sauerkraut and German Fried Potatoes.  The Bratwurst had a great flavor to it and I'd have to say that it's probably the best brat I've ever had. It was very tender with a ton of flavor. The German Fried Potatoes were pretty good, but nothing special. 

I loved the tapped beer selection. I love dark beer so I ordered the darkest beer on tap, which is Spaten Optimator. It wasn't as dark as I had hoped, but was very good and had a high alcohol content. 

The highlight of the meal was dessert. The bartender suggested that I try the Sauerkraut Chocolate Cake, which sounded so unique, that I had to try it. It was a great piece of cake, very large, very sweet, and very rich. You wouldn't have known that it was Sauerkraut cake, as it only had a very slight hint of the kraut. 

A very unique dining experience along with a pretty darn good meal gives Haus Murphy's an above average rating of four stars.
Looking for something new instead of the boring places you usually go to? If so, then this is the place for you. Fun and lively, this place has a great atmosphere! The beer selection is fantastic and they have many specials that appeal to everyone.

Vegetarian? Don't worry, they have spaetzle and some great, huge pretzels.

Highly recommended
I've only  had German food twice in my life and Haus Murphy's was my second time.  With that said, I really liked the place!  We had the potato pancake and my 1/8 German daughter went to town with it!  We also had the schnitzel I think is what it's called (the breaded meat) and that was AWESOME.  I can't remember the name of the sausage but that was good, too.  The beef portion of the dish was meh.  Kind of dry but maybe that's how it's supposed to be.  LIke I said, I don't know much about German food!

The service was OK.  We had to ask for a high chair like 3 times but they were nice about it.  When our FIL comes to town we will take him here to give it a try.  It's definitely worth going to check out.  Hope you enjoy!
I have been here a few times and went out with wife and parents for a pre Valentines day get together.  I was not disappointed.  The food is wonderful and very authentic.  The atmosphere is amazing and the place is filled to the brim, make a reservation.  I love this place and would recommend it to anyone.

FYI Haus Murphy's is generally packed so a reservation is helpful but not necessary.  Also it is not as cheap as a trip to Chili's, so be prepared to spend $35 and up if you want the full experience, obviously more if you are going to have drinks.

My recommendation is to try something new off the appetizer menu when you go!
I have watched one German restaurant after another close in the Phoenix area, and had never driven all the way to Glendale to try Haus Murphy's until last night. We were blown away by the great food, relaxed atmosphere and just the good sense of fun there. We will definitely make the trek back for the German beer and desserts alone! 

We had Jaeger Schnitzel and Beef Rouladen. Both were authentic, just like I remember from my time in Germany. Both were cooked perfectly. The red cabbage and spaäzle were home made and delicious. The potato pancakes were perfectly done. Our server was attentive and friendly. 

The crowd is very local. This isn't a touristy place. I could tell most had been there before and for good reason. It was a Friday night and this was the happiest place in the county. There is nothing pretentious, snooty or snobby (are you listening, Scottsdale) about this place. It was just good people having a good time and enjoying good food. Forget the glittery junk of restaurants that want you to forget about the food out of boxes. This place looks like a below street level restaurant I found in Triberg, Germany, right down to the aroma of the onions in the potato pancakes. 

Prices are fair for what you get. This is labor-intensive food made with good ingredients and you get plenty of it. We went hungry so we could enjoy dessert and a litre of German beer. The sauerkraut cake was the best chocolate cake I have ever tasted and the Black Forest Cake was superb! 

Downtown Glendale has also come a long way over the years. It was quaint, beautiful, safe and fun. There was a barber shop still open at 6:30pm and lots of small shops were still open when we left at 8:30. The downtown area reminded me of Scottsdale back when it was local, decent and fun, years ago. 

We are looking forward to going back!
Great atmosphere, inside and outside in the beer garden.  Food is incredible!!  Great German beer selection.  A fantastic meal and fun atmosphere.  Highly recommend reservations.
Not very impressed.... Very pricey and not good=/ Maybe I just don't have the taste for German food.
A few years ago, when antiquing with my hubbie and mother in-law, I suggested Haus Murphy for lunch.  For some reason that remains absolutely unfathomable to me, my mother in-law wrinkled her nose at it and ended up following the hubbie's stupid lead to Bitzee Mama's mexican restaurant, where she ordered a non-Mexican item because she doesn't really eat Mexican food.  Needless to say, Bitzee Mama's remains to this day my #1 trip into dining hell.

This time, the hubbie was more amenable to visiting Haus Murphy and does have that regret that he poo-poo'd it  ... 'my mom would have liked this place.'

We started with the stuffed mushrooms and loved them.  We both got schnitzel, me a pork paprika and him a chicken.  Loved both our dishes.  Only drawback, we assumed the german potato salad would be served by default.  The waitress did not ask, we did not volunteer, so we got french fries.  We did not get dessert because the pieces of cake we saw going out were HUGE and we were full.

It was a beautiful February day, so we sat outside.  We will definitely dine here again when in Glendale.
Haus Murphy's has the best authentic german food in the valley! There is anything on the menu I wouldn't try.

My husband and I shared the Bauernplatte which is a combo plate for 2.  It is a variety of dinners on a huge platter.  DELICIOUS!!!

They have a great assortment of German beers for a very good price ($11 for a Liter... LITER!!!)

Prices are very reasonable.

We will defiantely be going back!
I'll be honest, I was NOT thrilled when my husband let me know that his friends from work had chosen this place for dinner. For the most part I think stuff like brats and sausage are GROSS (with the exception of a little hide the sausage. lol) and German food to me just sounded weird with the schnitzels and spatzles and kraut, etc. but I decided I could at least have the cesar salad.  I'm so happy I decided to branch out and try something new.  I had the steak schnitzel (a schnitzel, I learned, is a lean boneless piece of meet ... steak, veal, pork or chicken, breaded and fried) which was covered in a Gorgonzola sauce...it came with a side of German friend potatoes and green beans with bacon/onions.  All of it was very tasty!  I split mine with my hubby and he shared his Schweitzer schnitzel (pork with a layer of ham and swiss cheese) with me.  His came with wirsing which turned out to be a cabbage and cheese dish that sounded awful but tasted great!  The service was wonderful....there were 16 people in our party and we never felt we had to flag anyone down for service.  The place was HUGE but did not appear so from the street and it was completely packed so they must be doing something right! The only thing I'd suggest is that they add a little "glossary" to the front of the menu for those of us (pretty much our whole table) who didn't know what the various dishes were.  That would free up the servers for more important stuff than explaining all those crazy names of dishes!!!!  I wouldn't hesitate to go back.
Bauern platter was very good. Red kraut is the best, wurst and schnitzel were perfect. Great service, too.
WoW...we'd never been to Haus Murphy's and boy did we have a blast!  We met our dining partners there, neither of which had even heard of the place.  Both being AZ natives and all...?  But at any rate the service was A+ the food was A++ and the Entertainment sublime.  Just what you would want from a German Restaurant.  Reminded us of the places we'd eat at in Chicago...!  
We had the appetizer 'Fladenbrot Pizza' what a great combination of flavors!  Then on the 'Brie en Croute'...another triumph! followed by their signature 'Giant Pretzel' and GIANT it was.
A couple of the diners had the "Best" seller, Jäger Schnitzel, one had the Steak Schnitzel, and I had the Nürnberger/Kassler (combo for one).  The consensus of the table was mine was THE BEST...although they all would have ordered their entree again for sure.!  The pork chop on my plate was perfection!  The bratwurst...well...just like I used to get in Wisconsin...oh the memories of Wisconsin.  Sorry to digress...!  
The meal, the service, the entertainment...well worth the drive from North Scottsdale.  I can't wait to do it again!
Had 6:30 reservations for A Saturday night and arrived at that time.  We were told there would be a wait.  Grrrrrr!  After waiting for several minutes, we were told a table would be ready in minutes.  Oops, sorry there is another party ahead of you.  Grrrrrr!
After complaining, we were finally seated.  The waitress came over and put 2 bread plates on the table.  Since the appetizers were uninteresting, we ordered a couple of beers.  Several minutes later she came by and said the bar was backed up and she would go check.  In the meantime, she came back for our dinner order.  We both ordered different schnitzels.  Finally beer came, along with the soup.  Grrrrrr!
After a couple spoonfuls of soup, here comes the entrees.  Timing and service was terrible.  Food was average.  Never figured out what the bread plates were for.  I had also advised the waitress it was my son's birthday thinking she would send the Oompah Band by, but no.  This was the downer of our otherwise wonderful trip to AZ for Rangers Spring Training....
Good, solid, stick-to-your-ribs German food here. Can be a bit pricey, but worth a visit. Check out the nice little bier garden on a spring day.
I didn't know German food was so delicious!  
The menu is fairly big and thankfully pretty descriptive.  Our party of 6 adults and 1 child all had different things and all very much enjoyed our meals.  I think there is enough variety on the menu for everyone to find something to enjoy.  I was honestly pretty intimidated, figured it would all just be big greasy sausages and sauerkraut.  I was delightfully surprised.  I would recommend the schitzel to those who are just ready to dip their toes in, it's basically just a breaded and fried piece of meat (chicken, pork, beef, whichever).  
Lots of beer and wine pics and a great atmosphere, particularly outside on the patio.
Awesome food, just awesome! Top notch beer selection.  Great staff. Beer garden is great setting.
I had the potato pancakes and they were super good! I liked the inside with all of the german decor!
This place always amazes us.....always fabulous food, always friends attentive service and well worth the drive from Mesa.  There are 2 German restaurants in Mesa but neither are worthy of 2nd visits so we just make the drive and always are glad we did to get the best of the best at Haus Murphy.  Just love the outside area.
This place was great!  The stuffed mushrooms and paprika soup were amazing amd i felt spoiled by how good it was before my main dish came out.  I cant rememer the name of what i got but it came with a side that had no flavor to it which made me mad.  The beef i got was delicious and had a sweet sauce on it.  My girlfriend got the spicy sausage which she liked.  The best part about this place is that it has a great selection of german beer.  I had the Spaten Oktoberfest and it did its job
Here's the deal...

4 in our party. Two of us had Schnitzels, one had the Zaurbraten (sp?) and another had the goulash. The schnitzel was no different than you would get in a fair, the zaurbraten was ok and the goulash beef was tasty but dry. The potatoes were dry and bland.
Spetzle was bland and just ok. 

We had desert and the chocolate fudge cake, was dry and obvious store bought. 

The place is mediocre at best. There was absolutely nothing that made me feel the food was unique or so good that I want to go back. Just "meh"

My suggestion to them: Minimize or close the patio and bring everyone inside. (I know, I know...you'll lose a ton of revenue) The place is trying to cater to so many and the food is suffering in quality. There was no doubt that the cooks are just pumping out food rather than putting love into it. (I wanted to have Spetzle rather than potatoes..."sorry, not tonight because of the volume but I can give you spetzle on the side"). See what I mean..just pump the food out rather than cater to the consumer. 

I won't make the effort to go back. Boring, meh, and just OK.
HOLY MOUNTAIN OF FOOD! Fast service, extensive beer menu, great and pretty authentic german food. The pretzel is the largest I have ever seen. If your a fan of "man food" because that is what german food is, check out this place!
I have been to Haus Murphy's twice and both time I was very disappointed with their food.
There Schnitzel was just horrible so was the Schweinebraten.
The owner should seriously send his cooks to Germany for a week so they will have a better idea on what to serve.
While the service and atmosphere is quite good I would not recommend unless you just going there for Beer.
Shame on the owners of Haus Murphy's for participating in the sham of a TV show "Mystery Diners!" When the producers promise free publicity, and you so easily lie to the public - that is not a business I will support. The "manager" under scrutiny on the show was an ACTOR - not a relative, and not a manager. The show, the conversations, the issues......all phony. Entertainment is one thing, but. I do not respect this at all!
The last time I had AMAZING German food like this place was when I visited family in Jasper IN about 18 years ago.  The soup of the day was a cream of mushroom soup, and OMG, it was SOOOO good!  We had the Sample Sausage appetizer, the Schweizer Schnitzel, and the Kassler Kotelett.  OMG, the food was AMAZING!!!!  This was my husband's first time ever having German food, and he LOVED it.  We're looking forward to going back again real soon!
Given the dearth of German restaurants in the greater Phx area, this is about as good as it gets.

Had the sausage sampler.  The krakauer wurst was pretty unique.  The bratwurst was good too, but brats usually have a pretty low bar to clear to be good.

Had the Schweizer Schnitzel as a main course.  Very good.

The meal came with a cup of soup of the day, which in this case was mushroom.  Very good.

You can't eat ambiance/decor so I generally don't care about things like that but if the owners have a spare dollar or two they may want to paint the place and replace the drop ceiling.  Neither of those things will keep me away but they may want to look into those things.
The hubby had his heart set on taking me here, but I was a little worried because of the negative reviews, I really don't like bland food.  Well, we did not have that! The food was full of flavor, well seasoned, big servings, prepared well.  The beer was GREAT, I am sorry I can't remember the name of the one we had... It was the dark one, that was light but tasted like a dark :) haha! Hope that helps! I had the schnitzel, a pork one with Swiss and ham... I would not order it again, but not because there was something wrong with it, it just wasn't my thing, I went on the recommendation of the waitress, but I have different taste... The hubby had a sausage, same story as the schnitzel, except he liked it and would order it again.  The pretzel was very good!! The soup was good.  I LOVED the spatzel (noodles).  I stirred in butter and salt and pepper... YUM, I could make a meal out of that and the German potato salad!! and beer and pretzels!!
This is always a fail safe when we cannot decide where to go to eat and it NEVER let's us down....great for the family!!
Loved it, reminded me of my mom.
Great German place in downtown Glendale!  The atmosphere was really nice...not sure why they seated us in the bar when everyone else was seated in the front dining room though.  Our server was very helpful in making beer and dinner recommendations.  The food was pretty good too...I had the special kraut rouladen with potatoes and red cabbage.  The beer garden looked like a great place to spend a Saturday afternoon in cooler months and I hear they have a band that plays every Friday and Saturday night which would be fun!
Best German food in town!!!!  Highly recommend the platter for two!  Has everything from schnitzel to sausage to yummy potatoes and cabbage...mmm mmm gooood!
Best german food ever! Great service. Has that feeling you're at your german grandmothers kitchen table.
A true classic in Glendale. The food is consistently excellent. You can't beat a place that serves beer by the liter.
This was our first time to Haus Murphy's and the family was really looking forward to some German food and German fun. The food was decent, their sauerkraut was delicious and flavorful! My husband had their cabbage roll and enjoyed each bite! We sat on the patio and the outside ambiance was charming.  Their live music was fun, i enjoyed how they roamed around the restaurant, giving everyone the opportunity to enjoy!
The absolute BEST German food you will find in Arizona!!! Everything on the menu is amazing, fresh, and homemade! Our family LOVES coming here and we drive across town to do it! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
We had a great time sitting on the patio enjoying appetizers and beverages (great beer selection). The ambiance brought my husband and I back to a beer garden in Germany. The band playing was festive and entertaining. Even my 3 year old had fun dancing and swaying with the crowd.

We will definitely be going back! BTW... if you order the pretzel be prepared to share. It's huge!
I go here several times a year and absolutely love this place!  The pretzels, red cabbage, spaetzle, sauerkraut, schnitzel, you name it-and it is excellent here!  Oktoberfest is always a good time.  The staff is great.  My favorite dinner dish is the jäger schnitzel and my favorite lunch sandwich is the Reuben-best Reuben I've ever had.  They have a couple different German potato salads-both very good!  This place is a must try if you are near downtown Glendale.
Excellent German Food! Definite return here!
I have to add another star. We were just there again last night and the food and service were once again the very best. There is nothing pretentious about this place. It's like sitting down in a relative's kitchen to have dinner. it's just comfortable, right down to the mounted jigsaw puzzle of the Alps on the wall. It's friendly and about real people having great food and a great time. There is no attitude here, just a friendly welcome, great servers, fantastic German food and great music by Duane and Elmer. I can't wait to go back!
I've been coming here for a few years now. The service is always friendly, the food is always good, and the beer is always large :)

My brother-in-law and I like to come here and eat some good food and have a nice large cold beer. The pretzel is always crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.

I personally love the Chicken Schniztel with the Mushroom sauce. The Apple Streudel and and Bread Pudding are really amazing. The Lentil soup literally tastes like the way my grandmother used to make it (not to sound corny, but it's true). 

My favorite beer is the Franziskaner Wiessbeer which I did not see last time, but they have the "Dunkel" version of it which is good, it's just darker. I also really enjoy the Spaten Optimator.

Between the great staff, food, and beer, can't go wrong! 

p.s. make sure you wear stretchy pants, because after just the pretzel and the bit jug of beer you'll need to stretch out a bit.....
About as close to European (German) food you can get with out going to Germany.very good service.very much worth checking out.but far from low fat :)
I love Haus Murphy's! I live less than 2 miles away from the restaurant, and its definitely my favorite restaurant in AZ! The food is delicious, and the sauerkraut chocolate cake is a must have; can't go to the restaurant without getting it!
My wife and I and our two son have for years gone to Haus Murphy for Christmas Eve dinner.  We all have lived in Germany for an extended time and a German dinner for our family and our son's wive and girlfriend so a Christmas eve German dinner has become a tradition.  The year before last the woman who runs the place didn't treat us very well (a party of 6).  We tried again last year and they treated us even more shamefully.  We all decided that our experience with Haus Murphy has come to an end.  It's a shame but each time, the woman has pushed us impatiently to finish and we'd made reservations for 7:00 but none the less the lady did everything but put our order in a box and shove us out the door.  Even something as simple as bread with dinner was with held.
Perhaps any other time of the year but not on Christmas eve.  If they don't want customers on the 24th, they should just close for the day.
I've been here twice, and as I am not a huge German food fan, I was a tad skeptical at first.  However, I was greeted by warm service.  They have a very authentic menu, and it tastes similar to some of the food that I had in Germany.  My family also loved their selection of beer and dessert.  While the food isn't to die for, it is authentic and pretty good.
I really wanted this place to be better.  Great atmosphere ... they had a band playing, the servers were in fun outfits, and there's a giant pretzel outside.  Unfortunately that's pretty much all this place has going for it.  The food was decent (I had the Jagerschnitzel which the staff raved about, and an apple strudel), and the beers were of course great.  Overall worth checking out if you're in Downtown Glendale, but I likely won't be coming back.
Made the 30 minute drive from north Phoenix & glad we did. Bar tender was great to talk to while waiting for our table. Great German (&Austrian) beer selection. Bloody Mary hade A1 steak sauce in it (really good)
Food was very authentic . ( we go to Germany every year on business) We will go back soon.
We went here based on the Food Network show (Guy Fieri) in hopes of having a fine German meal.  Unfortunately we were very disappointed in the food and the overall experience.

Upon arrival we were greeted and led past the more formal dining areas to the bar area in the back of the restaurant.  It is a large room set up with many long tables that seemed similar to a Bavarian beer hall.  The tables were covered with vinyl I guess to make cleanup easier.  Three or four other tables were occupied plus a few people at the bar.  I imagine the room would be much busier during Octoberfest. But we thought it was kind of cool since it did create an German like atmosphere.

Our waiter arrived and while he was not rude he certainly was not friendly and seemed like he would have preferred to be somewhere else that evening.  He did not make any recommendations or inform us of any specials. 

We ordered our meals and appetizers which were the Wienerschnitzel and Saurbraten along with one potato pancake appetizer and one pretzel.

The meal started out with a small cup of the soup of the day which was cabbage soup.  It came out slighty warm at best and was like a broth with a mild flavor and a few bits of cabbage.  Very bland and unimpressive start.

The meals came next and also were only slightly warm.  The sauerbraten consisted of thin slices of beef which was nothing like I remembered from visits to Germany. The flavor was mild and hard to understand why Guy Fieri raved so much about it on his show.  The Wienerschnitzel was greasier than I would have preferred but it was a huge serving that covered half the plate.  The German fried potatoes were good but would have been much better had they been hot.  The spatzel and red cabbage was as expected but unremarkable.

We finished the meal sharing a large slice of the Saurkraut cake which was the best part of the meal.  Overall the cost of the three entrees, two appetizers, one dessert and two small beers was $103 + tip.  

We came with high expectations (perhaps too high) and left somewhat disappointed.  I doubt we will return to this restaurant.
Was staying in town on business and decided to check this place out because I saw it on DDD on food network.  Got the brat sampler and a side of spatzle.  The brat sampler was as expected, not super great but pretty good overall.  The spatzle wasn't as great as i was expecting and didn't seem to have much flavor at all in general.  Overall I kind of wish I would have tried the Schniztel but doubt I'll be trying this place out again.
Haus Murphy has really gone down hill...it used to be amazing...now sadly it is average.
This is not really a fair review. I'm reviewing this like I would if this place had been in Germany - but it's Phoenix, and I acknowledge that, so I'm bumping it up one star. Honestly, the food wouldn't have passed muster in Germany.
The "famous sauerbraten" was gray and chewy. The cabbage was good, the spatzel was OK - though I'm more partial to the grated spatzel. The bread dumpling didn't really have anything going for it. This, after tip, was $28?
I didn't hear any German (other than the piped in polka songs), or see anything of modern Germany, just uncomfortable servers in complicated uniforms. With plastic tablecloths.
I'm pretty sure I'm not the target audience for this place, which is too bad. I've been searching for a German place in Arizona that works for me for years now.

Sigh. Maybe their schnitzel is better?
Great service, friendly staff. I ordered sauerbraten with spatzle and red cabbage.   
Sauerbraten and red cabbage was real good, spatzle was ok seemed a bit water logged, but not bad.
When making my list of best places I have every eaten, Haus Murphy's makes the short list for consideration.  This is German food made the way both my grandmothers made.  This is the German food I found in home kitchens in Hamburg.  The schnitzels are true schnitzels and delicious.  The sausages are correctly named and not American knock-offs. The hackbraten would do my grandmother proud (though I thought she called it hackerbraten). But the sauerbraten is beyond belief!  That alone would make a trip to Phoenix worth the price.  
The ambiance is home-style, not elegant - but it doesn't have to nor should it be. The service has always been adequate and friendly.  The ambiance is a 4 and the service a 3+ but the quality of the food is so wonderful the overall rating is a 5 (but should be higher).  I truly cannot see how anyone who has truly eaten here could rate Haus Murphy's less than a 5.  (Well unless they don't care that much for true German food and then I could see the lowest rating a 4+)
Greeting was polite but terse; nothing friendly going on here but nothing rude, particularly. Pretzel was amazing. Chicken Schniztel was really, really bland and dry and the sauce was a little greasy. Service was adequate but didn't leave me with any warm and fuzzy feelings (and my glass was empty for a while and I was never offered a refill...that's never good.) 

The worst part, however, was that we felt we were being pressured to finish up and leave by the server. The restaurant was not that busy and this--on top of the lukewarm service to begin with--made it a "meh" and not an "a-okay". 

We might go back someday for a beer and pretzel but I doubt it.
This restaurant is fantastic!  In historic Glendale, it truly stands out (in a good way).  They have amazing food, fun music, and a good selection of beer.  Remember though- a Liter of beer is definitely bigger than a Pint.  If you do forget, there's a park caty-corner for naps!
Had one lunch while visiting the area and was surprized how mediocre the food was, considering some glowing reviews.
Goulasch soup was adequate, not great. No German bread with it, just a pack of soup crackers. Jaegerschnitzel was tough meat and had no taste, and the mushroom sauce on it tasted like it was premade brown sauce out of a can.  A giant chocolate cake slice was served with a glob of what was supposed to be cream, but it was not real cream (tasted like cool whip).
I never had anything this uninspiring in many years in Germany. Maybe I ordered the wrong things.

Service was friendly and attentive and seating was comfortable.
Great patio for an afternoon lunch.  We took our dogs and the wait staff was very nice to them, they bought a large bowl of water right away and made sure we had plenty of shade.

The food was great, We started with stuffed mushrooms, the sausage stuffing in them was terrific and we really enjoyed them, I had the Sauerbraten and my husband had the Paprika Schnitzel for our entrees. Both were flavorful and tasty and the portions were quite large. We did manage to save enough room to split a dessert and had the bread pudding, it was delicious.

Can't wait to go back and try some of their other offerings.
If you like big German style, then this is the place for you.

All the classic meals, friendly wait staff, and you can get your beer in a fish tank.
Only visited for a nice cold German beer, but found the place to be very pleasant and relaxing. Selection was excellent. Pretzels were also very good. Very nice outdoor patio for nice weather. I will be back.
Love this place. Best German food!!!  Great entertainment!  Family owned and op.  My husband and I travel to Arizona once a year to watch a football game and go to Haus Murphy's.  Wish we had a place like this in Orange County, CA.  Octoberfest is amazing!  December is fun too - Glendale Glitters!  Try the bread pudding, get it with ice cream...delicious
Lived in Germany for 3 years! This was the best German food since we lived there. Everything we tried was excellent. Stuffed mushrooms, and bratt appetizer. Then we had beef soup. Main course We tried snitzel and topped of with sauerkraut chocolate cake. I wish we we're going to be here longer so we could go again. Definitely will return on our next trip.
only place in the valley that I can get my schnitzel fix, tasty home made Spätzle too, haven't had a bad experience, been there about 10 times. sorry they stopped opening for lunch though
Damn good food with LARGE BEER!
Great place for a brew in the outdoor biergarten. 

Food is pretty average. I did enjoy the sausage appetizer.
Yummy! Yummy! First time at a German restaurant and it was delicious! Don't pass up the sauerkraut chocolate cake - best chocolate cake you'll ever have! Plus, the staff was friendly and efficient. The only reason I didn't give a 5 star is because their menu is way too big and the servers have to dress in poorly fitted costumes. Overall, our new favorite place!
Steak schnitzel w/ gruyere is always wonderful.
I had been anxious to visit this restaurant based upon the rave reviews from my son and his many visits with his German club.  I found the atmosphere to be delightful - I could picture myself in Germany based upon the decorations.  If you love to eat meat and like German cooking, this place is perfect.  I prefer non meat dishes but ended up having a steak cooked German style - it was very good.  Service was not exceptional, but was OK.
Reheated, insipid food and perfunctory service in a kitschy atmosphere.

We drove 32 miles from our house to Haus Murphy's because we were in the mood for German.  It was the middle of a Sunday afternoon so it wasn't very busy.

We ordered a couple of beers and the Bauernplatte combination for 2.  This includes several kinds of sausage, a pork cutlet, a schnitzel, a kind of hamburger in gravy, red cabbage, sauerkraut, spatzle and fried potatoes.  

It look great! Sadly, it all appeared to have been pre-cooked and then microwaved.  

Let me repeat that -  a precooked and microwave schnitzel!  The spaetzle in particular was a soggy, water-logged travesty.  $35 for this by the way.

So with two beers and tip, that was $60.00 for lunch. For microwaved food.

It's quite sad that they don't really care about the quality of food here.  This type of Bavarian food is fairly easy to prepare so it's hard to understand why they would have so much contempt for the customers or the lovely cuisine of Germany.

Any restaurant that would serve you reheated food like this really doesn't care about you or about the food they are serving.

I wish I had noticed the 50 filtered reviews before eating here.
AWFUL! Food & Service Just Awful! Food tasted as if reheated, way too salty. Waiter had to be tracked down multiple times for a simple drink refill.  After 5 years of going here I would not go back nor would I recommend this place.
Food was excellent, the server was friendly and attentive, it was a good value.  We were there on a Saturday evening.  It was noisy and the food was very slow coming out of the kitchen.
This place is awesome! If you love good German food Haus Murphy's is as good as it gets. We always take advantage of the outdoor Biergarten (ask for Shannon's section, she's the best!) and the atmosphere is wonderful, even in the blistering Phoenix heat. If you go on the weekend you should definitely take advantage of the wonderful tuba and accordion music with a great draft beer.

Also, the food never disappoints. The Jäger Schnitzel is a favorite, along with the ham shank (but you have to catch it on special). Don't miss the Giant Bavarian Pretzel and the stuffed mushrooms are some of the best we've ever had. The BIG Stuffed Cabbage Roll and Schweizer Schnitzel are also some fan favorite. Finally, don't forget to try the Sauerkraut Cake. It's wonderful, especially for chocolate lovers. 

This place is definitely a family favorite and not to be missed on any trip to the Phoenix area. Prost!!
The beer selection is great and the bartender made good suggestions. The Saurbraten iis the best I have ever had. The brats were a favorite with the kids. The staff is very friendly too. We will be back.
Haven't had German food this good since I was little!
Outstanding German food and a great atmosphere, especially on nights when they have love polka. Love everything I've had on the menu-the eisbein is especially delicious and tender and all the sides (sauerkraut, spatzle, German potatoes). Have tried menu items like wursts and shnitzels elsewhere and none are as flavorful or well prepared. A little pricey but you definitely get your money's worth. Be prepared to wait, it's worth it!
The food is just so darn good here and the ambience is pretty fun as well. Delicious schnitzels, sausages, wursts, and the roulade - ridiculously good. Our server was cheerful and helpful - thanks for the advice on the Kilometer sausages (best ever!) The beer was ice cold and the oompah music was a blast as well. Can't imagine a better place for German food.
Took my parents here twice and my hubby and I keep going back. Mom is German and she loves how everything has tasted so far. We tried the chocolate cake that is made with sauerkraut juice and oh my gosh, I need the recipe! Not a big fan of chocolate but this was oh so darn scrumptious! Thank goodness there were 4 sharing it though. Lol. Gosh, the potatoes are so relish too. Well, really, what isn't good that I have eaten there yet! Hahahah 

The waitress' have been really nice and the cleanliness of the restaurant has been well maintained. Great location!

We will definitely be back!
My parents forced me to come here while they were visiting from NY. I was reluctant to come because I'm not a super big fan of German food.  However, this place may have changed my mind. Lets start with beer. Yes, beer. German, imported, deliciously large beer. They sell beer by the litre for about $11. Yes, that's right, 11 bucks. For a liter of good German beer!
Appetizers:  We got potato pancakes that were excellent! We were all fighting over them.  Good thing it was a large portion (good to share between 2-3 people).  
Mom and dad got some variety of schnitzel.  They have like 20 different kinds, so I can't remember. It came with homemade spaetzle that was awesome!
I got the home made bolognese. I can't pass up good home made pasta sauce. It was amazing. So worth it!  
We ordered a few desserts to go (it is family dinner after all) and all were good- the favorite was the sauerkraut cake. Sounds gross, but it was awesome. 
Definitely a must if you're in Glendale! They have an awesome patio/"beer garden" if you have a while to stay and hang out.  The service was excellent and the owners were just so lovely.  I'll definitely be back!
Loved this place!  Our waiter was incredible!  We came there today for lunch and we arrived at 11:30 and it didn't open until 12:00.  The gentleman inside noticed us peering in the windows and invited us in for a beverage!  Wow!  I will definitely return!
Just finished dinner at Haus Murphy's.  service was just alright, but the food was fantastic!  I got the classic German Bratwurst which was served with sauerkraut and German fried potatoes.  The Brat was flavorful and juicy.  Sauerkraut was sour and tangy.  Potatoes were a little greasy but delicious nonetheless.  My parents split a platter which came with a Brat, Jaeger Schnitzel, some beef patty thing, stuffed chicken medallions, and potatoes and sauerkraut.  It was a great deal for $18!  Definitely recommend!
This place is amazing. 
I am by no means a German Food critic - nor do I know what German food is "supposed" to taste like, but hopefully this is it, because it's amazing.  My husband was stationed in Germany for 6 Years, and he loves it... so I trust his opinion. 

I love the beer, I love the spatzel, I LOVE the snitzel. 

I bring everyone to Haus Murphy I can, because everything is amazing. 
A few times, I brought my parents and there was a polka bang being amazing in the bar area. 

I love this resturant.
First time here, this restaurant is comparable to some of the best German comfort food found at various places that I have been stationed in Germany. The potato pancakes served as an appetizer were correct, and some of the lightest that I have ever had. the mushroom soup was perfect, and the service was excellent and attentive.  This place is definitely worth a return
Wonderful evening with friends. Our waiter John was very personable and answered all of our questions and offered recommendations as well. Three different entrees and all were delish. Portions are huge & we each left with a box but we still had to share the cherry strudel & enjoyed it to the last bite.
I'll definitely be back.
I love the food here, but the planning and service are atrocious.

First off, reservations don't mean what you think they do.  Make a reservation?  Plan to still wait and then get seated at a community table.

Secondly, they have too much going on.  Most of the year appears to feature a limited menu of one kind or another.  If you go there and it's an open menu day, try not to like the food too much, because it may be a year before you can have it again.

Finally, I've had more crappy service there than I've had good.  Servers have forgotten to bring a course, brought the wrong food, not checked back on us - you name it.

It's sad because the food here really IS good.  It's just so hard to get.
We came here for lunch one day last week and I did not leave disappointed. We were able to sit outside in the shade, like most of the other lunch diners and the experience was quite enjoyable. My friend and I both ordered the Reuben sandwich and while it was ver-y greasy, still tasty. We topped it off with the chocolate sauerkraut torte and were not sorry. I think they were having Oktoberfest specials, but I do know that the piece of cake we ordered cost about the same as our sandwiches. Lol. Their menu was limited, and again, not sure if it was a special lunch/Oktoberfest thing. 

Our server was friendly enough but was very busy and it seemed like a lifetime between submitting a request and it actually getting accomplished (you know, like getting a straw) 

Great place in downtown Glendale. I'd love a more sour and less sweet sauerkraut, but that's just me. :)
My husband and I had lunch.  He ordered the Jaeger Schnitzel.  It came out with cold gravy, which also smothered his fries making them cold and soggy.  I had the Pear and Black Forest Ham sandwich.  It was really good, but my fries were ice cold and mostly hard on the ends.  Really, why not cook up fresh fries?  The bar maid was really nice, helpful and friendly.  I tried the darkest beer, at $7.00 for a small, and thought it was too effervescent.   I could not stop burping from the beer.  Not pleasant for lunch.  Probably won't go back.
Been here a couple of times and decided to go again last night.  I've always found it odd that there are so few German spots in the Phoenix area (much less good ones).  It would seem odd that Downtown Glendale of all places would lay claim to the best German spot in the Phoenix area, but having sampled many of the few others in town that exist, its hard to deny that Haus Murphy's has the goods.  Whether you're here for sausages and schnitzels, a good German beer, the feel of a nice outdoor biergarten, or the weekend polka music, you really can't go wrong here.  Just be warned that no matter what you order, the portions will be enormous.  And you'll be hard pressed to find any dishes that have vegetables.  And you'll be even harder pressed to find dishes that don't have meat and potatoes.  Fortunately I'm a meat and potatoes guy and highly recommend each and every one of their sausage dishes.  

My only complaint in the times I've been here is that the service can be a little slow.  On Friday and Saturday nights when the place is packed and the polka band is playing that can be expected, but even when I've come on random lunch and early dinner hours when the place is slower, the service is still pretty slow.  So be sure to plan on spending some time here (I'm pretty sure that's their goal anyway).  As long as you're not in a big hurry and have a hearty appetite, you won't be disappointed.
Very fun, lively, authentic German restaurant.  Our waiter, Johann, really made us feel like he just got in from Germany.  He was probably from Iowa or something silly but he did a great job of making us comfortable and being in the moment.  Everyone loved their selections, espeically my wiener schnitzel w/spaetzle.  And the ice cold German beer selections were great.
We went to Haus Murphy last night to celebrate a friends birthday.  We have been many times..The service was spot on...we love the German uniforms that they wear...the food is outstanding.  Portions are huge...enough for lunch today.

We had a variety of items from sausages to schnitzels.  Everything was excellent.  They even had a desert with a candle for our friend with the birthday.  To top it off, they sang Happy Birthday in German...Lovely evening
I have absolutely nothing bad to say about Haus Murphy's. Consistently good food and service. Fun atmosphere and staff. I prefer the goulash, which is rich and meaty. The red cabbage is tasty and sweet. The beers are strong and cold. I often visit with my German adopted-grandfather and he converses with one of the waiters fluently and it always has hilarious results.
A few weeks ago I was watching an episode of Diners, Drive-ins & Dives and they're doing a feature on this restaurant.   Knowing I would be heading to Phoenix soon AND I don't have German food very often, I bookmarked it, then ask my friends if they want to have dinner here.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=xeRpdNyGlTwF4SNYZ3588A#XdSMeOjMFXkDYkLe9CmVSg

Fast forward to Friday afternoon.  I call and ask if they take reservations, they said yes, so I made one.   We arrived about 15 minutes early and the place is packed!   Come reservation time, they didn't have a table ready and asked us to wait in a "waiting area".   It's a small group of tables at the back of the bier garten.  I figured I might as well have a bier, right?  So I ordered a hefeweizen.  
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=fGrf2cHDXfDKshCS8vDofA#fGrf2cHDXfDKshCS8vDofA

After about 15 minutes they had a table ready in the "bier garten".   Yes it was cool outside but they had tons and I mean TONS of heaters!   There were three heaters around our table in very close proximity and another heater near the next table about 2 feet away.  We sat down and while my friends enjoyed the heat, I started baking immediately.

SERVICE: All of the staff were very nice!   While our server Jeremy seemed to have very little personality and only smiled once when I made a joke.    However he did do a very good job taking care of us.   I ended up speaking with Rose, the owner.    What a sweet and fun lady!   We chatted about the restaurant and her experience with Guy Fieri and the production staff for the show.   She said they filmed that segment about 6 years ago.

Rose told me they've been in business for 18 years and at this location for the last eight years.  Her restaurant can seat 300, she has a staff of 22 working the front of house and 12 in the small kitchen.

As we were dining two gentleman came out and started serenading the bier garten with an accordion and a tuba!   Hmm, does two make an "Oom-pah-pah band"?   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#Xg7Kg3cwQvevC0BJMIuXbA
They starting with "roll out the barrel" of course, and continued with a number of other bier drinking songs and Christmas songs for a good 30 minutes.   For me anyway, it made the whole evening that much more fun!

FOOD:  We started with a giant pretzel!   It was warm, soft and very tasty!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#2s8FvkPpB0J_OGZSxDiYHA  (notice my phone for a size reference)   I really wanted to try 5 different entrees, but could only have one, so Paprika Schnitzel it is!    The entrees come with a cup of soup, which was a "lemon martini" on Friday.   It was quite tasty, but I didn't really get lemon or martini.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#lYe5isj_vkLSPwbdJHF8qQ  The schnitzel is pork loin pounded flat, breaded and pan fried golden brown and is topped with an onion and bacon infused paprika sauce.   it also comes with German fried potatoes (with garlic and caraway) and wirsing (shredded cooked cabbage and onion in a creamy cheese sauce) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#L0eXT4gWympRVAeAB-1_PA   The pork was very tender and tasty.  The paprika sauce was WONDERFUL but also very subtle and nearly "disappeared" on the schnitzel.   I LOVED the wirsing!   The potatoes were very good too!   One friend ordered the Hackbraten, which is a beef and pork meatloaf with roasted onion gravy, spatzle and red cabbage.   I was able to taste the meatloaf and it was fantastic!

DESSERT: We couldn't leave without dessert, so we ordered and shared the Apple Strudel (Very good), Cherry Strudel (to die for!) and the "sauerkraut cake" (A chocoholics dream!).   
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#NGjfFFw99WpS8Gzdt0-U8w
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#DdkM66FWNZZh2yjbHPQGFA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/haus-murphys-glendale-2?select=pq5r8L6skpkexVuFB4gRAg#ovcyB00DsctJwyk3X7TMpA

OVERALL: it was an awesome evening with wonderful food and a great German atmosphere!  4.5 stars rounded up!
Everything I've ever had here was delicious.
The two stars are for service only.  Otherwise, the food does not get stars at all.  What have you done, Haus Murphy???  I've been coming to this restaurant since before it moved to its current location.  I lived in Germany for nearly 4 years, and the food was amazing.  I found Haus Murphy when I moved here and was overjoyed that the Schnitzel was very close to the "real" Schnitzel in Pruem, GE.  But, someone has gotten hold of the ingredients.  Perhaps the quality and pride in the food got lost somewhere in all the times the restaurant has changed hands.  They have either decided to cut back on good, quality ingredients, or just don't care anymore.  My last two visits left me wanting.  As another reviewer put it, the food used to be really good, but now it's "meh."  The only good part of the meal was the mushroom demi glace.  THAT was really good, and covered up the blandness of the dish.  The portions have really been cut back, as well.  Tiny bit of potatoes.  No bread basket anymore, unless you pay for it (way too much money), and the dessert was bland and too gooey.  Strudel crust is supposed to be flaky and crisp!   Service was excellent., however.  We sat on the patio, and some moron allowed his two little daughters to run up and down the patio, screaming and dodging in and out of the tables and wait staff.  One waiter was terrorized by these brats, as he had to swerve several times to avoid colliding with them.  He was nearly tripped with full plates in his hands, but never changed his expression.  Just carried on.  (People, please teach your children how to behave in a restaurant!! )  I know we won't be going back.  Husband was NOT happy with the amount of the bill compared to the unremarkable food.   I'm sad.
A little chilly and spitting out last night in Glendale, but it was warm and dry in the outside eating area of Haus Murphy's.  I've hear about this place for years and anted to go there and decided to hit Glendale Glitters too.

 We shared their mushrooms, their spicy brat, and their Paprika Schnitzel. My girlfriend had a couple of glasses of their seasonal wine that was spiced and warmed. I had 2 liters of their "Spaten Optimator - Double bock beer with a rich malty flavor and molasses undertones.". 

The food was wonderful.  The service was excellent.  The music was entertaining. The beer was wonderful. It was a wonderful date night experience!
What it lacks in ambience it fails to make up for in service or food. Guy from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives correctly identified this as a dive; however, any redeeming or endearing qualities he saw substantially escape me.
Always good food and tasty German beers.
Great meal i had the chicken schnitzel and the best apple strudel ever. Good atmosphere great service.
Best German restaurant in AZ! If you're looking for awesome sausage and fresh food with a German twist, this is the place. Best Oktoberfest in AZ too
I am half first generation German, and have lived and spent time in Germany, so I was super excited to finally try Haus Murphy's. My coworker and I stopped in for lunch, and I give them 3/5 stars. 

I ordered the spicy bratwurst, and asked if it came with a roll. At first the waitress thought I wanted a hot dog bun, so I clarified that I was asking for a Broetchen--she had no clue what that meant. I simplified, and asked if they had a dinner roll they could give me. The rolls that they had available were really soft, not the crusty Broetchen I am used to having with a brat. I was disappointed, but the roll was still okay. 

The sauerkraut was spot on--juniper berries and all. I could have easily eaten twice as much had come with the meal. The potatoes were okay, but could have used more seasoning. The bratwurst was absolutely delicious, and paired really well with the spicy and flavorful mustard (I believe horseradish mustard) that was offered.

Service was quick, and my iced tea never ran dry. The waitress was polite and attentive, even during the lunch rush. 

The lunch menu didn't have a weisswurst on it, which is my favorite kind of sausage. I also wish their potato pancakes had been available! 

I'm going to check out the other German restaurants in Phoenix, but am not against visiting Haus Murphy's again.
First time at Haus Murphey's and super impressed. Best German food since Germany. Had the paprika schnitzel and wife had the spicy bratwurst. Naturally we had to have a German beer too. Too bad we live in the SE Valley and it's a trek to get there or we would be there more often.
Ok, what do you get when you cross a cute downtown area, an oom-pah band, and some incredible food and drink? Haus Murphy of course!

Let's keep this simple:
     Sister's birthday, large party sat immediately
     Beautiful outdoor seating
     Unbeatable food - Pretzels!
     Fun selection of beverages
     Great service from a super-cute German waiter


I can't wait to come back!
Delicious food, great atmosphere, attentive service, and live music "Haus Band" on Friday and Saturday nights.  A great place for large groups, birthdays, and nice outdoor seating for any night.  Authentic German food as far as I am concerned...same with their beer.
Haus Murphy, what happened?!  Our family has eaten at Haus Murphy many times in the past with great results, but our recent visit there was a disaster.

First, what went right:  our party of 7 was seated on time at 7p.  Drink orders were taken by our friendly waitress, although the restaurant was out of Optimator, the favorite beer of one of our party. Our food order was taken promptly after that and soup appeared a few minutes later, as expected.  The oompah band was fun, as usual!

What didn't work:  Our entrees were delivered at 8:30p, a full hour after the soup and 1.25 hours after our initial order!  When we commented/questioned the long wait, we received no apology from the waitress, but were told they were busy.  This long-standing Glendale restaurant is always busy so that reason seemed pretty lame.  Six of our dinners were then served.. The dinner ordered "without bacon" was served 15 minutes later, when everyone else was at least half done eating.  One of the dinners served came out with a kitchen substitution as they had run out of spaetzle.  Isn't that like a Chinese kitchen running out of rice?!  Ironic that according to the menu, substitutions are not allowed by the customer at Haus Murphy so you'd think they wouldn't automatically substitute either, but instead inform the customer when they are out of an item and let them choose what to do. The person ordering the dinner did so because spatzle is his favorite and therefore accepted goulache to get the spaetzle.  His preference is smoked pork chop - no spaetzle allowed for that entrée however.

To be fair, two of our party really enjoyed their dinners (schnitzel and spicy brats), but the other four did not.  The waitress said she would ask the manager to stop by our table.  He did not so she asked him a second time.

The manager did apologize for the evening, the beer and food they were out of, the bad timing on service, and the unevenness of the food temps, but did not seem interested in hearing our concerns.  He was dismissive to us, but did remove the cost of one of the dinners in response.  

We're left wondering how this could have been such a good restaurant, a favorite for years, that had so many problems.
Haus Murphy's is an incredible experience! 

Some friends and I ate here before the Chocolate Affaire. I kind of wish we had just hung out here for the night instead! Delicious food, awesome entertainment and stellar patronage awaits you at Haus Murphhy's. If you aren't stuffed after your schnitzel, you need to try the sauerkraut chocolate cake. I will definitely be back!
This is a quaint and cute place to eat authentic German food when the mood hits.  Really liked it overall.
Had the 6 sausages with sauerkraut and potatoes which was good--not fantastic--but good.  For dessert split two desserts with a friend which was apple struedel (the very best I have ever had) and the chocolate sauerkraut cake which was sooo chocolatey.  Loved the struedel most.
Tasted the giant pretzel which is good, but to me not worth the $8.95 which is kinda pricey for what it was.  I mean, really?  Flour and water and $8.95?
Regardless, if I ever crave in my entire lifetime German food this is where I will go.  
It's good, but there was a German restaurant in Houston that blows this place out of the water which I wish was duplicated here in Phoenix but isn't.
Overall, okay place...just the food didn't want to make me yodel at all.
Nice restaurant with good food. I had the Jaeger Schnitzel which came with potatoes and a cabbage and sour cream type side that was my favorite part. The Schnitzel was tender and the sauce on it was very flavorful. The potatoes were ok, nothing fantastic but good. We were a large group so I understand slower service so that isn't my complaint, my reason for not 5 stars is the waiter gave us a hard time about ordering any drinks while we waited for a few more people. The first table designated to us was full and he said he didn't want to take drink orders till everyone was there. He ended up doing it but wasn't to happy about it. That is fine but not great customer service. I have only been to one other German restaurant and I liked their food just slightly better but this was very good and I would return with a smaller party!
I had a really good time, but sometimes I think your experience at a restaurant is much better due to the company.  I really enjoyed our gigantic table.  It created a little bit of havoc for the server and it made service a little slow, but I will cut them some slack.  I ordered the pretzel, because I am a carb addict.  I was so happy we had such a big group, because after cutting a piece I could pass it around to share and not feel so guilty.  It was big enough that about 10 people were able to taste it.  I really liked it.  The spicy mustard was indeed spicy. Before our dinners we got split pea soup, it was very tasty, I am usually not a soup person, but I was hungry and I enjoyed it very much.  For my entree I ordered the Wiener Schitzel, I had not had baby cow in a long time, it was well worth it.  I ate only have of it and took home the rest.  It came with potatoes and wirsing.   The potatoes were very good, on the other hand, I personally didn't like the wirsing (a creamy cabbage concoction).  Good thing Amy liked it, lol. We ordered dessert, but they were taking so long that we asked to have our Black Forest cake and Cherry Strudel to go.  When I got home, I was trying to be so good and got only a third of the strudel, then gave my hubby a third and put the rest in the fridge.  Well that freaking strudel was amazing, I went back to the fridge and ate the rest.  The next day I went twice to the gym.
What happened!!! Just came back to Haus Murphys Saturday night, Brought 5 friends because I bragged this place was so good, um... not anymore. Food was ok at best, me and a buddy ordered same food and his was half the size of mine, no free bread anymore either. My buddy ordered sausage platter appetizer that never even showed up at the table even after asking waiter that said it was coming out soon. Food had very little german appeal, flavor was lacking and food was dry. Asked waiter what was going on and said he has communication problems in kitchen because they only speak spanish (WTH). Why is there Spaghetti being served at a German Resturant (really)..... Their mixed drinks are horrible too, no booze - it's all mix. Beers are good though. To top it off , the place was packed, seen other diners complaining as well, and they shut the kitchen down at 8:30 and shut the bar down at 9:00 because they couldn't handle the work load, they need to get their act together. I WILL NEVER COME BACK TO HAUS MURPHYS, the drive is too far to get the lack in quality of food we received.  I will go to Bavarian Point in Mesa from now on, atleast the the cook there is a real German and knows how to cook real German food. Sorry Haus Murphys you were good while it lasted.....
2nd meet up for the International Supper Club UYE (#ISCUYE) for 2014 and Haus Murphy was the place picked to try! 

It was a big group this time; we took 2 tables, holy cow!! Our server was a little frazzled about having to deal with this. We were pretty darn close to the bar and our server told me that he was not taking any drink orders until everyone had arrived and I had already known some were 10 to 15 mins out, so off to the bar I went!  

I'm still fairly new to the whole ordering beer, so when I walked up to the bar the bar tender asked what do I like, and I told him I'm still unsure, since I'm new to drinking beer, he said oh you must be 21 haha Love him!! He offered me samples of all the beers they have on tap, which I thought I was pretty sweet and I went with a nice glass of Warsteiner Dunkel, it went perfectly well with everything! Kudos to the bar tender!   When I had already ordered my drink my server came to me and told me well I'm taking drink orders now, and I told him you told me to go to the bar and get my own drink so I did and I have.  

Everyone placed their order, even folks who arrived 20 mins late got their order in, everyone except me got their food, even my daughter who was on the same check as me, ten minutes go by and the server noticed I didn't have my meal, oh it must have been forgotten. UGH!!!! I was upset!! But within minutes my food appeared and I took a bite and OMG ITS DELISH!!! and being upset slowly faded away, one could say I ate my feelings LOL (not really)   I ordered the Huhner (Chicken) Schnitzel with German fried potatoes and Wirsing, it did also come with a bowl of split pea soup, which was amazing, reminded me of the times I went to Pea Soup Andersen's in California, so good! The schnitzel with mushroom gravy was soo yummy!! Couldn't believe I ate it all!! It also came with fried taters and this Irish girl luvs them taters & wirsing, it was my 1st experience with that, didn't even know what I was eating when I started, it was creamy melty goodness, learned it was cream cabbage, omg really? That was dang good!

But what I came for was the Sauerkraut Cake, yea that's right, sauerkraut cake!!! I have heard nothing but praise for this cake, they said its better than a death by chocolate cake!! I had to find out for myself!! OOOOMMMMYYYYYGGGAAAWWWDDD!!!! It's amazing!!  

Sometimes the company makes the evening more pleasurable then the overall experience & the food was simply delicious , service well that could have been better.  I'm already craving some more schnitzel so I see myself coming back soon.
I came here for the International Supper Club. I have never had German food before. I sure am glad this was my first experience. It was so delicious. Hats off to our waiter Patrick for dealing with our large group. We took up two tables. He did a great job even with that many people. Sure it was a little slow but it was worth the wait and he did a great job remembering who got what. I felt bad bombarding him with that many people but he still did a fantastic job.
I loved the food. And the large beers. That was a beer. Wooo good stuff. I got the paprika schnitzel on a recommendation. I can't describe how good it was. Words don't do it justice. Plus the boiled cabbage coleslaw stuff, whatever it was called, blew my mind. I could have had a whole plate of that stuff. Best GD coleslaw I have ever had. Lol. But put the schnitzel on another plate because I don't want to miss out on that either. I was full but wanted to eat more. So I did. The chocolate truffle cake was amazing too. Between the company, the amazing food, the awesome beer in the huge glass I had a great time.
I will definitely be back with a large or small group. Even though it is a little far away from where I live it is worth the drive. I can't say enough about how good it was.
I absolutely love this place!!!  I had family in from out of town and said they just had to try Haus Murphy's. They loved it!!  Even my sister who is on the picky side. I would recommend coming here to anyone who wants authentic German fare or just really good food. Our waiter was fantastic, very attentive to our needs. The beer selection is wonderful. My favorite though is this creamy cheese and cabbage dish they make. Out of this world!!  Keep up the good work, you have a customer for life.
If you want authentic German food in the valley, go to Haus Murphy. It's the wurst!

Large mugs of German beer are the perfect match for the big pretzels and spicy mustard. These are must-orders, especially if you arrive hungry. My one complaint was that the kitchen was so slammed that it took an hour for our food to arrive.

Once it did, it didn't last on the table long. We devoured a variety of sausages, schnitzels and potato pancakes. The traditional kraut and red cabbage fit in nicely with the traditional meat-gasm items.

Live polka, good beer and plenty of sausage. You'll swear you left Glendale and actually made it to Munich.
Where else can you sit outside for a nice lunch, guaranteed shade, full bar, and feel like you're back in Germany - Haus Murphy's.  We were greeted by a nice German lady who warned us of a couple of sweat bees that were wanting a taste a beer but weren't interested in the people.   No bother.  They left us alone.  Lunch was great!  I had a daily special sandwich that was hackbraten on grilled rye bread.  I can't remember what it was called.  My hubs is a sucker for Sauerbraten.  Also ordered a plate of potato pancakes.  

Best pancakes we have found, ever. 

My mom and step dad aren't impressed with this place as they used to be and they live in the area but I had to see for myself.  It's too bad their experiences aren't what we had.  We loved it.  Also tried the new Schoffhofer grapefruit beer.  I am on the hunt for this stuff now.  It's so good!   I handed my hubs the keys and ordered another.  Too bad we cannot get the beer here in Michigan.  The bill was a little hefty but we weren't watching it and it was worth the wonderful afternoon of leisurely lunching with the old folks on a weekday afternoon. 

There isn't a large selection of German restaurants in the Valley but you don't need anymore more when you have Haus Murphy in downtown Glendale.
Sunday was my friend Dave's anniversary, sadly his wife passed away in December.  We had a memorial for her Saturday night, and Sunday Dave invited me to dinner for his anniversary, not that I'm as good looking as Kris was.  We decided on Papadeaux, but I'd forgotten that this week was Mardi Gras and they were packed.  Dave was lamenting the passing of Felsen Haus when I remembered that there's a great German restaurant in Glendale.  Having never been there before, I didn't have a clue what the name was, but Yelp, searching for German and Glendale, led me right there.  And after a quick call, we found out there was no wait and headed across town.

Dave served in the Army in Germany, and he really liked his meal.  He found the menu very impressive and enjoyed flexing his German language muscles with the staff.  His schnitzel was not the precise one he was looking for, but he enjoyed it nonetheless.

Me, I had the Tirol chicken, and was pleased.  I am anti-fungus and was able to avoid the mound placed on my plate, I should have asked if they were incorporated in what I thought was a sauce or were on the side and could have had them removed.

Sadly, I'm not a beer drinker (yet: we're going to Europe next year, that could change) and didn't have one.  Dave had a half liter of something or other and was quite pleased, said it was definitely like he had when he was based there.

Definitely recommended.  Very good food, excellent staff.  Well worth the trip.
Wow Saturday is busy with Glendale Glitters.  This is our go to spot for German food.  It is fun with a great atmosphere.  The food here is worth trying.  They have great sides to go with their meals.  The chocolate sauerkraut cake is so perfect.  You should go and enjoy the food and ambiance.
This place is great.  We went on a Friday night.  The food was excellent, service was great.  Angela was our server and made sure we never lacked drinks and that our food came out at a great, comfortable pace.  Great live German music and an excellent outdoor seating area.

And beer in 32oz steins.  Gotta love that!
Wow the sausage selection here is killer! When we arrived, a German style band was playing. Unfortunately, they were replaced by an excellent female singer.... Just doesn't do the mood. Definitely got to order a boot.. A very cute large glass of beer that require a debit card to order. Our favorite sausage was the kilometer... Large, smokey, delicious. We also like the spicy rote and sweet Guinness sausage. I don't normally like sauerkraut but I loved the sauerkraut! Subtle, tasty, keeps me coming back for more! The beer was great also. I'm a dark stout lover so the celebrator was perfect! We came here because it was a tradition... For being my first time, I would come back. It is a very cool, casual ambiance with staff dressed in kinda traditional garb. Give this place a try, just don't come here for a special occasion except ocktberfest!
If you want some decent German food, this is the place.  Wow - everything was pretty good from the beer, to the wine.  Ask your server for help.  They are very knowledgeable.

We will definitely go again.
Sorry but I have to take it down a notch. We love this place because the food is phenominal, the atmosphere is friendly and they serve some of our favorites, like the german salad and schnitzel, but they have changed their menu. Green beans there were fantastic, and they traded them for boring mushrooms. They did have an unbelievable beef gulosh which is now beef and pork...I don't know what is up with all the changes, but why rattle your frequent customers by switching from perfection which is why we keep coming back? Oh, and if you haven't tried Schofferhauffer...its a grapefruit flavor beer that tastes like summer, fabulous.
Okay food.  Wiener schnitzel lacked flavor, waiter  as  as he thought he was.  Portions are reasonable sized and prices are decent.   Lousy neighborhood with homeless in front of restaurant.   If you must have German food, this place will suffice.
Great food, service not so much! Let me first say that we had a large group and one server  was definitely not enough but Patrick gave it a great effort. On the other hand we did call in a reservation so perhaps a bit more preparation on their part would have been helpful so all of us might  have been served and waited upon in a more timely manner. Also, I didn't know it went against protocol to turn around and ask the bar tender whom was not busy to refill a soda. I guess it was since I was told that was my server's job and he would get it, apprarently if he was I woudn't be asking the bar, enough said.
It was my first time at Haus Murphy and one of the best things about going with a big group is friends share. I ordered the Kilometer sausages, with fried potatoes and sauerkraut. The sausages were Hungarian, great flavor and so big they hung off the sides of the plate. I've never liked sauerkraut growing up but theirs I liked. My food was excellent and back to the friends and sharing, we exchanged bites, sausage for schnitzel, I tried a few, and every bite was amazing! I was getting quite full but since it's quite some distance from where I lived I figured I better try dessert. Oh bread pudding would have made the evening, but unfortunately for me but probably fortunately for my waistline they had just ran out. 
I'd go back again, the food is definitely worth coming back for!
Never had a bad meal at Haus Murphy's and it is part of the rotation when we have out of town guests.  If you like German food I would highly recommend this place!
Went to Haus Murphy's on a Sunday afternoon around 3pm. This was our first visit so we took our exchange students from Germany with us. We drove all the way from Queen Creek (about an hour) They were very excited about an authentic German meal. They shared the $35.00 "variety" platter to share and I had the Saur Bratten. The food was sub-par and luke warm. The meats were tough and chewy and the schnitzel was over cooked. When one of the German boys asked for ketchup the waitress asked "what are you going to ruin with that?" She then tried to tell them "That's not what they put on schnitzel in Germany"  and proceeded to almost argue with them about it.  I felt this place was overpriced and the service was horrible! I will not be driving back again.
I haven't been to Germany but I have been to Haus Murphy's. Why does this matter? Haus Murphy's makes me feel like I haven't missed out on the great beer halls of Europe.

My first visit to Haus Murphy I was serenaded by a tubist (Duane) and an accordion player (Elmer). Both gents were wearing short lederhosen and alpine hats (complete with a feather!) Perhaps entertained by my slack jawed expression they asked for my name.  And so I heard the song "Good night Irene" as performed by a tuba and an accordion. These guys are here on Friday and Saturday nights, 6:30-8:30pm. They take requests!

You should come hAngry. The food is served in enormous sized portions. The Wiener Schnitzel is perfectly delivered. "But Irene. You haven't been to Germany!" Heck no. But I've been to Vienna and have gobbled my way thru many a schnitzel.  Haus Murphy's version is tenderly prepared, lightly fried in such a way you want to forget about the calories involved. 

I've had the good fortune to enjoy the indoor and outdoor spaces, in small, medium and large groups. The outside space is a wonderful venue to enjoy people watching. The indoor space readily accommodates larger parties. I would recommend coordinating in careful detail if your party is larger than ten. At my last visit for Int'l Supper Club the staffing was a little stretched for a party of our magnitude. We ended up walking to the bar to obtain our drinks, which wasn't really too much of an issue.

Haus Murphy's is a really fun place to visit and dine. Also, RSVP for holiday events as they fill up!
Drove 30 minutes to get there and was excited to try a highly rated German restaurant which are hard to find.  First off, our server Nikki was fabulous.  Professional, friendly and aiming to please.  The sauerkraut puffs were a disappointment.  Mostly mashed potatoes fried.  No sauerkraut flavor.  The cream of chicken Florentine was delicious; properly seasoned and full of spinach, sun dried tomatoes and chunks of chicken.  My Wiener schnitzel was wonderful in texture, but lacked seasoning.  Needed a little garlic salt maybe.  The creamed wising on the side was blah and just luke warm.  The German potatoes looked like they'd just been reheated (maybe several times!).  My husband's sauerbraten was just ok.  His purple sauerkraut was excellent, but the spaetzle were tasteless doughy worms.  Was excited to try the apple strudel which is made on site.  Unfortunately, it was not fresh.  The pastry was mushy and apples overdone.  I think if they tweaked thing a bit more it would be a better experience.
We brought my aunt to the restaurant to experience the food she grew up with as a child in Nuremberg. Her first comment with her first taste was "it tastes just like home". What a tribute to the owner and the chef. The food was amazing, and we thoroughly enjoyed A.C., our waiter. We would recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys the real flavors of Germany.
Part of my family is German and let me say this is definitely authentic food! The food is good and the beers are large. Everything is large. When you go, be prepared to take home a lot of food. I ordered the wiener snitzel and when it came I was overwhelmed. It fed me dinner for three nights!

The service was friendly but a bit confused. They didn't ask if we were ready to order, we had to ask to order and then they didn't ask the whole table but went back and forth putting orders in one at a time.

My friend had the kilometre, which was a huge sausage with a bit of spice to it. It was about 2 feet long! 

The atmosphere is cute and very pub like. The waiters are all dressed in German attire and they are playing German music. 

I would return again.
Ive wanted to come here for a long time. Finally made it and well worth the trip. It was very good. Only complaint was slow. Perhaps going sat afternoon they thought I wasnt in a hurry. I wasnt so it was ok. Will be back, lots of stuff on the menu to try.
I've heard so many awesome things about this place & we finally decided to go try it out.  We were seated right away & our server was as sweet as could be! I've never had German food so I went over some Yelp pics while waiting to get an idea of what I wanted.  I ordered the Hühner (chicken) Schnitzel that came with a white wine sauce, I ordered it with the mushroom sauce instead.  My mom got the Jager (pork) Schnitzel.  I also ordered french fries on the side because I had been craving fries alllll day.  Our food took a bit to come out but it was okay, it gave us time to admire all of the cute decor.  My schnitzel was just on the warm side when it came out & wasn't crispy which I was expecting it to be. It was just more of a soft piece of chicken with soft breading.  It came with the white wine sauce even though I asked for a different one, our server apologized & brought me a side of the mushroom sauce.  It was already too late since my chicken came with the sauce all over it to begin with.  Oh well.  The flavor was pretty good, I was just really looking forward to the chicken being crispy.  Is schnitzel supposed to be crispy? I'm not sure, but I'll give it another try.
It was so good! My family and I made reservation for 7:15 on a Saturday night. We arrived a few minutes early but we were seated right away. We ordered a couple of the liter beers and an appetizer to start, the stuffed mushrooms which were on point! Especially with the cream sauce( ask for extra) my Fiancé and I ordered the Jagersnitzschel plus added spatzle, potato dumpling, and sauerkraut. Make sure to get extra sauce for everything. Everything was delicious except for the spatzle which could have used a thicker gravy sauce as well as the potato dumpling. I was stationed in Germany awhile back so I think I might know a thing or two... Everything was pretty authentic but I think they need to make the gravy thicker and with a little more flavor. Other than that it was delicious and we will be back to try other things. The Sauer kraut was some of the best we have ever had. Our server was very nice and attentive her name was Angela. The ambiance was great too, we really liked the live music.
This IS as good as it gets for authentic German food in Arizona.

I went here with a large party for my birthday dinner. We called ahead and they were very accommodating. We enjoyed a variety of absolutely delicious cold beers to start it off in large 1 liter glasses. Schnitzel was crunchy and delicious, and I sampled the jaegerschnitzel as well that my wife had. Also phenominal. 

For my birthday was was serenaded by an accordian player in German. I don't speak any German, so he may have been saying anything, but it was unique and very fun. Split tabs was not a problem and the staff was on top of serving us. 

I can't wait to go back! Easy to run up a big bill though with all the delicious food and beer, but it was worth the money.
Good find! Food interesting! Would come back with a bigger crowd so I could sample more variety! Reny was attentive however a waitress at the front was complaining about work schedule loud enough for customers to hear full conversation!
I love going to Guy Fieri's local hand picked spots....Hands down my favorite place for beer and pretzels. Love, love, love, the horseradish for dipping and you cant get upset with a place that serves 32oz beers. The glasses are bigger than my head. I can never finish it. My love and I made an appearance here on date night last week, so our dining was casual with drinks. Bradford was our server. He was fantastic. They close at 9 during the week but, were good sports and stayed open until we were finished with our drinks. Bradford invited us back on the weekend for live bands (which Joe and I LOVE.) Love going here great service, great people, great food.
We stepped into the restaurant on a hot summer evening dressed in shorts and tank tops. The AC  made the front part of the restaurant too cold for us so they led us to the back(this place is huge!) where our server happened to be named AC...least I think that was his name, little Irish Italian guy who does a pretty legit pronunciation of German menu items. He was super hyper and enthusiastic about his love for the place. He expressed genuine love and admiration for the owners, and the business they built, and he totally made our night. 

Summer is the slow season in town as sweltering 100+degrees drive people away. It's a shame that this restaurant isn't always packed to the brim because it's located in a cute historic part of town within an old brick building and it has so much character.

The former business, which was an old soda/pharmacy/ice cream shop, was named Murphy's. As an homage to the former business the German owners, when they took over the location named their restaurant Haus Murphy's and thus we get a German/Irish hybrid named restaurant that causes a bit of disgruntled murmurs with German/Irish patrons. Descendants ask is this a German restaurant or an Irish restaurant? 

This is a 100% authentic German restaurant. Once a year they reconcile the controversy with their name by making and serving amazing corned beef during St. Patty's day, and you can wash it down with one of the in house German beers. No Guiness! They stick to their roots here which is what I like. They know where and when to compromise with their food, and I'm glad they are stubborn about keeping the establishment as close to their German heritage as possible. 

Sauerbraten was what we ordered. It was one of the dishes featured on Diners and Drive in and was labeled on the menu with a little icon to indicate that. The meat is marinated in spices for many days to achieve it's smoky clove scented flavor. It was really a delicious sauce which I tried to
sop up every inch of. I also loved the spaetzl noodles. They were delicious as the noodles in chicken noodle soup, and they were equally as tasty on their own as a side which I used to sop up the sauerbraten sauce.

We finished with a slice of the sauerkraut chocolate cake. You couldn't taste the sauerkraut one bit and the cake disappointed us. The cake wasn't as moist as we would've liked and instead all the moistness came from the dense and intense chocolate frosting. 

Overall a great experience, albeit a bit on the spendy side. The Sauerbraten dish was priced at $19. Yikes!
This place used to be called The German Corner.  I am not clear if it is under new ownership as the restaurant did close for a while and then opened with a new name.

I went here for the first time last Friday and I was very  surprised at how empty it was.  This is great for me because I really don't like crowds, but it is not so good because I want this place to remain open!  We went during happy hour when they have $2.50 drafts of good German beer.  They also have discounts on mixed drinks, wines and bottle import beers.  All of the appetizers are also half off.  We got a couple of sampler platters and sandwiches and were very satisfied with the food.  

The staff was very friendly and attentive.  I have been back since for lunch and the experience was just as good.  They have specials daily that are always well priced.  The food is very tasty and filling and they have a lot of things that I cannot wait to try.  If you go with someone who is not as adventurous they do have a burger, which my boyfriend got and said was tasty.

I like the fact that the dining room is dim, cool and has no windows.  It really creates a nice cozy atmosphere where you might forget that you are in the middle of the desert and when you walk out the door your face is going to melt off.
Friday night happy hour, you can get domestic drafts for $2.50 and imports (think nummy yummy German beer) for $3.50.
After being seated at the bar (our choice), the owner walked over and introduced himself and told us about the restaurant and a little about the chef.  He told us to let him know if we needed anything.  Very welcoming and a nice touch!  

My plate, the Jaeger Schnitzel with spaetzle and vegetables on the side, was incredible.  I tasted the Schweinebraten with red cabbage and that was just as good.  For beer, I'd recommend the Warsteiner Dunkel.  Dark beers normally are too bitter and give me headache the next morning but it was really smooth and complemented the food well.  (Plus, no headache the next day!)

There were only a couple of things that could probably be improved on.  First, after being seated, we waited for awhile.  The server at the bar admitted to have forgotten about us and getting our drink orders.  Second, the Black Forest Cake that was recommended to us looked nice but it tasted like it was bought from the refrigerated section of a grocery store; we didn't finish it.

Overall I was really satisfied with the food and the atmosphere.  I'll probably head back during Oktoberfest!
Definitely a 4-star food experience for me...as it is a German place...you gotta ask yourself if you like German food...

I lucked in during happy hours so saved a bunch of mullah while enjoying the tasty draft and excellent bar food

Reasons to go back:

(1)  Smoked Salmon Rosti --- a tasty potato pancake topped with more smoked salmon than I could shake a stick at...and the slightly sweet & tangy horseradish sauce just put it over the top for me... 

(2)  $2.50 for 17 oz of tasty draft

(3)  Darn good Bratwurt and the crunchiest most well seasoned fries that I've come across in a long long time

And it was a friendly crowd to boot

My only disappointment was the absence of my favorite german dish from the menu...how can anyone not like deep fried pig's knuckle?...it's ummmm good
I just love me some sausage! This place has the thickest yummiest sausage in the valley! I would have given 5 stars if there bread wasnt so bad. 

The seating is very comfortable.. the wait staff very friendly and Hefeweizen on tap! Ach Hlle klar!
A real German Gasthaus experience: imported German beers on tap and  authentic German food. What keeps me coming back is their happy hour,  when you can have a couple pints of great beer and a light meal for a tab of around $10-$15! Currywurst (a sausage with a mildly spicy curry sauce and fries) is my favorite, but the smoked salmon rosti is wonderful. And where else will you find koelsch (the city beer of Koeln (Cologne) on tap?
The service was good.

The atmosphere was a bit loud, but there was a polka band playing not too far away from our table :)

The food was great!

The sausage sampler was excellent
The Jaegar schnitzel was DELICIOUS
The spaetzal was amazing, plentiful, and cooked al dente (just the way I like it!)

The gulash was also very good (however we all thought that the meat was a bit tough for a gulash and could have been tender-er)

Beer selection was nice

Desserts were decidedly not German, well, some of them were.

We ordered the creme brulee, and the Milka chocolate lava cake.

The cake was AWESOME

The creme brulee... eh... not so much.  The top wasn't even crisp.  I guess thats what we get for ordereing a French dessert at a German restaurant :)

All in all, I'd go back!
We went there on one of the nights they had the "Das Boot" festival so I think they were a little overwhelmed.

We had a different person seat us, bring us bread, take our order, bring our salads, fill our drinks, bring our dinners, and give us our check.  Service was okay but confusing,  seriously there were 6 or more people who came to out table at one time during the night.

We had two types of schnitzels and two salads, everything was very good.  Spaetzel seemed a little off, drier than what I think it should be like.    Ordered a side of potato salad and it was the tastiest item we had all night.   Very good German beers on tap, as you might expect.

They had live music but it the place is set up a little odd so only a few tables could see the person playing the music, some tables are in the other room completely.

This place is pretty close to me so I'll make my way back sometime soon and see what the place is like on a regular night.
We went here today to watch the final game of the Euro Cup, Germany against Spain... unfortunately Spain won and Germany didn't score any goals.  I would have liked to see the crowd get out of control. 

It was packed, and we found a table but couldn't see the game and we wanted to eat... so after looking around, I found a corner that our table would fit in perfectly. We would be able to see the game and wouldn't be blocking anyone else, and I asked if we could move and they said yes!  That definitely scored points for them..

BECAUSE we missed the first half of the game!!!!  They had dish network and none of the channels were working!  It was soooooo annoying.  We ordered and ate and kept calling my mom and grandma who were giving us updates so we could update everyone else too. 

We had a pretzel with beer cheese sauce and a brat burger, two bloody mary's, creme brulee and apple strudel.  The pretzel was fantastic, perfect, and we had plenty of left over cheese sauce for dipping fries and our brat burger in!  Gary really liked the brat burger, it was just okay to me.  He also really liked his two bloody mary's, I never liked them so I had a sip and drank a lot of water after that sip.
Our dessert was good. It came with real whipped cream so that was nice. 

Gary is telling me from the kitchen to say the creme brulee was not the best but it was really good, he said it was done right.  He also wants to make sure everyone knows that he was very happy with the generous portion of cheese sauce.  He hates it when he has left over food and no more dipping sauces.

Gary is also German so he fit right in, ha!  We had been here before when it was the German Corner.  His family used to travel from Gilbert just to buy the meats in the German grocery store, and today it looked it like it wasn't there anymore.  I don't really like head cheese so I wasn't dying to go in there... but I didn't notice a door leading to the store anymore.

I definitely want to go back, when there is a polka band!
Just went there last week for the first, and last, time.  I read the good reviews, so I was expecting much more.  I am a first generation American; both my parents were German and came over in their 20's.  I lived there for a few years, have eaten German food all my life, and have been to many German restaurants in many different states over the years.  I really wanted to like this place, as there are not many German establishments around here, but this place was terrible!  We were the only people in the place at 2pm, and still had horrible service.  ???  We were ignored much of the time and then when the waitress did come, she would forget things we had asked her for.  The waitress didn't understand German, as in the German MENU options, so I ordered from the menu using the English translations, and she was still confused. I had to POINT at the options.  YES, there really is CUCUMBER salad on the menu.  The bread was stale, the schnitzel was hard, there was a hair in my cucumber salad and my potato pancakes were just ...disgusting.  They also gave me fries instead of the usual sides????  I am guessing that they just reheated leftovers from the dinner the night before, because that is exactly what it tasted like.  Plus, I actually got charged the wrong prices - like lunch salad was 3.50, but showed up on my bill as 5.00, etc.  I was too frustrated to even bring it up and just left, disappointed.  Waste of time and money, I will not return.  Maybe at dinner time things are better, but DO NOT EVEN TRY THE LUNCH!  Yuck.
This is a fun place to go, especially with a group. My first experience was wonderful. There were about twelve of us and we were seated up near the dance floor where we had a view of the people dancing to the polka music and ate lots of sausages! For $22, you can a huge glass boot of beer. 68 oz. I believe. 

My more recent trip was still loads of fun, but a bit disappointing. We had a group of seven and couldn't sit near the dance floor. In fact no one was seated at those tables. It was empty, except for a couple of dancers. There was a huge group of thirty at another table, and they were using all of the menus, so we had to share one menu between the seven of us. Three of us ordered the same wine by the glass, but when the bill came, we were overcharged by $1.50 per glass. We pointed it out to the waiter, but he said that's how much the wine is. He brought us a wine list to show us, but that wine list had completely different prices than the one we looked at when we ordered. I'm thinking that we may have gotten a hold of one of their older drink menus. It was a little upsetting that it was three against one, and he didn't believe us. He was a good server otherwise though and was working hard, so we let it slide. It wasn't so much the money, but the principal of it.

I do recommend this place though. You have to go at least once just to experience the fabulous decor, the accordion music, and the older folks dancing the polka.
07/09/2008  
Just went there last week for the first, and last, time.  I read the good reviews, so I was expecting much more.  I am a first generation American; both my parents were German and came over in their 20's.  I lived there for a few years, have eaten German food all my life, and have been to many German restaurants in many different states over the years.  I really wanted to like this place, as there are not many German establishments around here, but this place was terrible!  We were the only people in the place at 2pm, and still had horrible service.  ???  We were ignored much of the time and then when the waitress did come, she would forget things we had asked her for.  The waitress didn't understand German, as in the German MENU options, so I ordered from the menu using the English translations, and she was still confused. I had to POINT at the options.  YES, there really is CUCUMBER salad on the menu.  The bread was stale, the schnitzel was hard, there was a hair in my cucumber salad and my potato pancakes were just ...disgusting.  They also gave me fries instead of the usual sides????  I am guessing that they just reheated leftovers from the dinner the night before, because that is exactly what it tasted like.  Plus, I actually got charged the wrong prices - like lunch salad was 3.50, but showed up on my bill as 5.00, etc.  I was too frustrated to even bring it up and just left, disappointed.  Waste of time and money, I will not return.  Maybe at dinner time things are better, but DO NOT EVEN TRY THE LUNCH!  Yuck.
Oh, and the website is outdated- wrong prices and discontinued menu items.
If you're hungry, then the Black Forest Mill is for you. Just by its nature, German food is filling (think that feeling after your Thanksgiving meal!) I made the horrific mistake of ordering too much food the first time I went with friends. We ordered appetizers of potato pancakes and sausage and sauerkraut. I had saurbrauten which was incredible. The second time I was there I had goulash as my main entree, the goulash was way too salty. I would have loved it had they cut down on the salt. The red cabbage was so good and sweet as was the sauerkraut. I also enjoyed the cherry's jubilees crepe with vanilla ice cream for dessert. Unfortunately, the young woman that was serving us both times wasn't very good. It detracted from the meal and some folks weren't that anxious to go back.  If you can deal with a server that isn't very receptive and is consistently slow, you will be rewarded with some authentic German food (which I think is hard to find in Phoenix.) Prices seemed in line for what was offered and they had German music and dancing on the weekends. The bar was packed both times I was there. I'm guessing they have a good happy hour.
Although I am German, I do not like all German food, and rarely have I ever had any item in a German restaurant that can even approach my Oma's cooking. Read: I'm a tough customer. Hubby wanted to try someplace new for lunch today, and handed me the recently published New Times Best of Phoenix. After thumbing through the food section, and not really seeing anything that totally jumped out at me, I suggested Black Forest Mill, their "Best German Restaurant" recipient. 

The bar had a few rowdies in it at 3:00 in the afternoon, even a few in lederhosen. We were almost the only ones in the dining room, so I'm not sure why our service was so slow. We ordered beers on tap. Hubby's dunkel (dark beer) was smooth and tasty. I had the Hefeweisen, and I've had better. We ordered a pretzel as an app, and it came hot, with a hot and yummy beer/cheese dipping sauce. It was not any different than the pretzels we get at Rosie McCaffrey's or pretty much anywhere else, besides the Old Heidelberg Bakery. I really expected something housemade rather than from the freezer.

Our lunches were both really hearty. I had the wiener schnitzel (veal patties) with lemon garnish and really good and crispy french fries, (which were definitely closer to pomme frites than regular fries). Hubby had the sausage sampler, which is really more sausage than any human should eat in one sitting. They did not bring out the same variety they had advertised on the menu, which disappointed me, since what was missing was one of my childhood favorites- weisswurst. The Knackwurst was mighty tasty, however. His sides were just adequate- boiled potatoes and caraway laden sauerkraut. They brought out a basket of bread, which contained seedless rye and pumpernickel. I've had better rye, but the pumpernickel was quite tasty.

All in all, it was just OK. We'll keep looking for a German restaurant that makes something that really reminds me of home.
I LOVE their Oktoberfest! I'm gonna have to check out this place more often! I don't really know German food - but the brats I had were delicious.
Lived here most of my life and I'd never been inside this building before. I always meant to go - I must've driven past this building over 1000 times. I stopped by this afternoon just to finally check it out. They had just opened, so it was deserted. 

It's a cool building... it's bigger than I thought it would be even though it looks huge from the outside. The decor is cool and authentic-ish. It could use a paint job, and it's pretty dated though. It still has a really dope layout - it just needs a makeover.

The staff was young and nice. Since I've only been here once, I don't feel qualified to write a totally legit review. This will have to serve as a first impression until I go a few more times. I'd like to see it when it's busy. The staff told me it gets pretty crowded.

This place has large glasses for beer - if I liked beer, I might be more personally excited about that. I'd definitely take a beer lover here. I had a chicken caesar salad which had way too much dressing on it (in spite of me asking for "easy on the dressing"), but which was otherwise pretty good. Next time, I'm asking for dressing on the side. 

I know I should've tried some sort of sausage thing here, but I just wasn't in the mood. Next time. Like I said, I'm going to revise my review after I go here a few more times. I have a good feeling about it though.
I don't know how anyone can hate on a place that serves beer out of a glass boot.

I have only been here once on a Friday, but I have some friends that come here on a weekly basis. They have an amazing band that plays on Friday, and it is so much fun to go, grab a drink and hang out on the dance floor.
I decided to try this place instead of my usual German restaurant, Haus Murphys. 
First impressions. Looks like a typical German Restaurant. Long bench tables, red and white table cloths, beer mugs on tables, etc. 

They put themselves down in my book once they told me they didn't have my favorite beer, Spaten Optimator, and then my back-up beer, Warsteiner Dunkel was also out. 
The menu offered standard German fare, brats, schnitzels, saurbraten, etc. 
The food is a touch over priced, the service was adequate. 

I'd recommend Haus Murphy's over this place if you don't mind driving to Glendale.
Didn't go for the food, went to celebrate a birthday tradition with 'da boot'!
This place was awesome! You felt like you were at a friends house letting loose while dancing to the live music from the awesome band. 
The atmosphere was low key with cool people which we really liked.
The bar was small, but they have a big section that turns into a dance floor, with some comfy cushion I might add.

We will be back next year, so bring on 'da boot'
I am basing my review on the food only - I was not here under circumstances that would allow me to drink and perhaps if I were drunk the food would have seemed much better.    I do know a thing or two about German food having lived there for awhile.  
I was there with a group for a late lunch during the week. I ordered two of my favorites - Spätzle and the potato dumpling.  First of all the Spätzle (which used to be the best in town in the German Corner days) was dry, but not only dry, it tasted like it had been sitting out because the ends of some of the spätzle were hard and dried out.  yuck.  The potato dumpling was more of a Semmelknödel - bread dumpling and it was hard and crusty in spots  not to mention really flavorless.  One of the others in our group ordered the Weisswurst with pretzel and potato salad.  Her wurst was barley warm and like reported earlier, they are passing off freezer pretzels you can get at costco as the real deal. (not even close).  I think the kicker was that the potato salad looked more like what I could get at Frys than anything I would consider German potato salad.  It seems to me that they are cutting a lot of corners where food is concerned.  I really got the feeling that this is a party place to drink - for that it may be good.  But for good, authentic, and tasty German food, I will pick Haus Murphy's any day over the Black Forest Mill.
Oh, mein Gott... vere to shtart?

If you vant to git tenked, kawm heeya. Mein friend ordert unt Hefeweizen end gut a long, tall gless det held a pint... DAT VAS JOOST FOOR HEEMSELV!

Der German food, I doont like so mawch. Too hivy end too mawch vid da meats. Isht too mawch fur me de brats, de schnitzels, und also de saurbraten. Isht too mawch expensif bisides. Der bawr isht too shmawll ven de peeple kawn liter awn int de nite. Dere's no room to efin stend vithaut bawmpeen sumvawn. I VANT ROOM TO DENSE INT DIS PLESS!!!

Sree stawz only fur de beeya. Eef eet vasnt fur de beeya, I'te gif dis pless two staws fur der food. Evrywan shute kawm chick dis pless aut awn der veekends ven der heepster kinders tun diss pless into a discotek. Isht reel fawn, ya?
I'd never heard of this place, but when last night on Saturday hipster dance party night not knowing what to expect. Here's the scene: a sprawling German restaurant with a dance floor (Why? I have no idea), a pool table and a maze of wood-paneled rooms that reminded me of an Elks Lodge. Inside: about 4,000 sweaty indie rock kids "sloshed" on 25-cent well drinks. The bar was nine deep in an effort to stock up on this "deal," which was really a lame excuse for a non-pour by the bartenders. When I order a gin and tonic and they use the crappiest gin in the place, I expect to at least get half a shot of alcohol. Not so. There was about four drips of gin and a swimming pool of tonic in there. I could have had 12 of them and not felt a thing. Good thing I only spent $1. 

To be honest, I'm not sure what the draw is of this place. Perhaps I should go back when it's in restaurant mode and eat some sausage, but the dance rock night is total lameness. Next time someone wants to hear crappy techno in an uncomfortable environment I'll recommend this place.
You know, I've never been to the Black Forest Mill in the light of day, so my review has nothing to do with its food. As far as I know, it's a bar. A bar with weird specials, a general feeling of "every day is an EVENT!" and a pretty good DJ rotation. Saturday night here is sort of like... the real owner went out of town, left his college-age son in charge, and he used the space to throw a party. Except, it got out of hand right quick and friends of friends of friends started showing up until no one really knew who anyone was. 

The crowd is pretty mixed here. But that's always fun. I wouldn't go unless with a group of friends. But I guess that's part of the problem. This place gets stupidly packed, especially around the bar area. It can take a while to get a drink. Like, 15 minutes plus. That's a long time to wait for a hotel-bathroom clear plastic cup. The bartenders seemed to be working hard for the most part, but for the volume this place brings in, another body or two behind the counter certainly wouldn't hurt. 

Some bar efficiency, less complex drink specials (how about no cover, and we just pay for drinks like usual?) and better quality drinks (I know it's a quarter, but it took longer for me to get it than to drink it) would bump BFM to a solid 4-star. I will certainly be back, though.

Highlight: Get your German hefe served the way it's supposed to be: a giant shoe.
The food is overpriced, but very good. Not quite what Oma used to cook, but german foods vary by region. The brats come from next door, the German Sausage Company, and are excellent. Service was slow but friendly. The restaurant portion of the business is a little dark, and needs a few touches to make it authentic, but overall a good experience.
i have not eaten at blackmill, but i love to party here.. i'm not gonna lie, i do not like the music, but after some drinks, who cares! its just got a great vibe and wonderful service behind the bar.. check it out.
We went here for dinner after friends recommended it. It was somewhat decent food and my friend got the "boot" of beer, which no matter how you drink it, is just funny. Then we were informed that the place becomes "a euro style club" at like 9 p.m.. That quote alone is funny right. We didn't stick around for the club, but something tells me is was better than the food and worse than the beer. Not going back, but fun while it lasted!
Oh bejesus, I have some stories from this place! This place is strange, crazy, oh so many things...I confess I have never eaten here except beer cheese which I think was good(too drunk to remember). Most of the time I get drunken blitzed crazy here, dance my a$$ off, and leave my credit card at the bar...This place has changed pretty dramatically since when I first started going. They used to have some good live funk cover band on Saturdays, then they switched to a not so good funk cover band, and now its some crazy techno raver freaky shi...Hmm I just don't think I like it as much anymore, I can't get down like that til 4 am anymore. The bartenders I used to love are gone and now there is Scottsdale snob boob job chick, dumb-as-rocks frat bro, and weird ambiguous raver boytoy behind the bar. Last time, Raver boytoy had jeans torn all the way up his a$$ and then changed after an hour to black patent booty shorts, freAKY-DI bondage shirt, and heavy black eyeliner. To say the least I was beside myself with laughter, but I knew I had to get out of there, everyone started morphing into Fear and Loathing-type creatures.....Ok but here's the rundown: great German beers served up in awesomely large glasses if you prefer and decent alcohol selection, large dance floor, good music occasionally, really great owner and wife team....PS if you take someone special back in the pitch-black mysterious tables of the restaurant area, there is this red exit light shining like a beacon, pull the curtains around your table, lay back into each other, savor this moment of absolute zen and completely let go....you just might just discover who you really are...
Saturday night and I was going to turn in early (well, early for me), but this was on the way home and I'd never been so my friends easily convinced me.  

I never realized this place was so hoppin' at night.  Actually, I never really noticed this place at all.  There were a lot of hipster types and people with great personal style.  It was very hard to differentiate between the gay guys and the straight guys.  Usually, the straight guys don't know how to dress so it's easy to tell them apart, no offense straight guys.  Can you tell that I really enjoy it when people express themselves through their clothes?  Plus, it made for a fun game with my two gay companions.  There was a cute guy at the end of the bar and I just couldn't figure out who he'd be into more.  I decided to go find out, but as I approached him I notice he had one of those rings in his nose like a bull would have.  Maybe this is wrong, but that freaked me out and my internal voice screamed abort, abort!  It's sad how something so trivial can be a deal breaker.  I'm just not into anything that hangs out with snot.    

Anyway, the place is split into sections with a bar on one side and a dance floor on the other.  The bar is against one wall and there is a flat screen streaming live video of the dance floor.  The bartenders were really great, and might I add partially naked.  I like a little eye candy with my vodka.  It was also pretty cheap compared to what I'm used to paying for Kettle One.  It was about $6 instead of $10.  It was a weird combination of neighborhood bar meets Scottsdale dance club.  

I spent most of the night in the bar, but did find myself dancing to a few songs.  While surrounded by gyrating green laser beams, I spotted Mr. Nose Ring and decided that he would probably not be into me based on the way he was dancing.  I really need to stop making assumptions about people.  There could be a straight man out there who both knows how to dress and how to dance.  

I hear they also have live bands.  

I'm not sure what vibe this place gave me, but it was different than my usual scene and I liked that.  It had sort of an underground, Euro hip, 1960's parent's basement, sneakers with dresses, member's only jacket, ambiguous looking males, 90's rave, and Cheers feel all combined into one.  Does that help paint a picture?  Did that even make sense?
I've been here several times but only tried the food once. I'm no expert, but when I was in Germany I remember liking the food and here it was just kind of blah. I'm not a polka fan either so I didn't like the band that played during dinner. However, I really liked the band that played later in the evening on the weekends. I don't know if they still play since I haven't been here in a year.  They used to play motown and oldies and it was fun to dance to, and was a nice change compared to the music other bars/clubs play. After you go a few times you'll realize that they sing the same songs week after week so it got old really fast. It was fun at the time though!
I love German food and am thrilled whenever I discover a new restaurant, but I think the trick here is knowing what to order. I'm going to give four stars for gemütlichkeit (coziness), since I had a great time hanging out in the bar listening to accordion music coming from a table full of regulars. The bartender was also personable and conversational, so I stuck around after my first beer in order to quaff a second and order some grub off of the bar menu.

I was intrigued by the bratwurst sliders. I'm pretty tuned in to what decent bratwurst should taste like, since I lived in Germany for nearly three years. I'm partial to the Thüringer style, which is what I came across growing up in West Berlin, but everyone in the Phoenix area appears to favor the Nürnburger variety. The Nürnburger style is perfectly acceptable to me however, as I had eaten a delicious one on the street at the Mesa Christkindlmarkt (Christmas market) just a few days earlier.

Let me offer my comments about where Black Forest Mill got it wrong. The bratwurst sliders were served with sauerkraut which was just too darn sour. I glanced at some fellow bar diners who left their sauerkraut nearly untouched. They really need to cut back on the brininess (rinse it better before preparing or add some apples to balance it out). I don't think this is an "American palette" issue... it really is nearly inedible. Now the bratwurst "slider" is a novel idea I applaud. But they were served on sweet dinner rolls which were soft (almost like Hawaiian bread). Not only did they get soggy sitting in some sauerkraut juice drifting over from the other side of the plate, but it was the wrong flavor and texture counterpoint to the sausage. A sturdier more rustic European-type brötchen is what I was hoping for. And the bratwurst themselves were unremarkable. Tasted boiled... should've been grilled. The mustard that came with them was the standard American substitute for German mustard, Gulden's spicy brown mustard, which isn't bad. However, I had just shopped next door at the German Sausage Company (presumably the same owners?) and noticed they had authentic sharp German Löwensenf. I think it would've been a real treat if this restaurant could've offered some of that on the side instead.

So, call me picky if you must. But I think I know German food and, although I loved the atmosphere and the beer, I think the Black Forest Mill could step it up a bit on the food preparation. I will post an update if I return and try something here that hits the mark. The waiter kept talking up the schnitzel sampler, and the gulasch and spätzle sound awfully tempting. But again, it might just be that you have to be careful what you order.
So you're trying to hit the Vig for happy hour, in the rain, on a Friday night, but it's packed - what is the obvious next choice? Probably not Black Forest Mill. Somehow we ended up there, probably something to do with one of our party being particularly keen on das boot. Too bad for him, The Man says they can't serve it anymore. 

Black Forest Mill is a German bar, in case you didn't catch the hint from the giant German Sausage Company sign on the attached store, the servers in the most ridiculous German dirndl that does not cover nay their bust nay their bottom (possibly a plus for some), and the exclusive selection of German beers.  Happy hour lasts until 7 - $3.50 German beers. I was not thrilled by any of the beers, but I'd consider the Dunkle the best of the bunch. I did not care for the Hef.  The bar food was nothing special (I did not try their full menu items). The pretzel was tasty but the beer cheese was no better than melted Kraft cheddar, edible but very uninspiring. Fries are typical, the sausage platter was actually pretty good and probably the best thing to order if you are looking for some more traditional fare. The service isn't particularly good - our bills got mixed up, it took forever to get our fries, and you could sit at the bar with an empty glass for far too much time. 

The best part of BFM was definitely the music. Where else can you see a cute old man name Bill, play fun Polka music on the accordion and keyboard? He's a real one man band and the highlight of my night. He plays the evening show, ending before 10pm. On Friday and Saturday  they have music all night. The Friday night band is great, and play soulful music/motown and covers (note: not very German). They are actually very good and fun, and lots of people dance. 

This would not be my first choice for happy hour, dinner, or a night out, but it has potential to be a lot of fun if you come with friends and order lots of beer.
I like the Black Forest Mill on Saturday nights when it turns into an all night party. The music is great, a bit on the electro side, but if you're into that it's fabulous :) It's a pretty laid back joint and different from it's close Scottsdale counter Saturday night hang outs. This is a great place to grab a few friends and have a fun and casual night out. I enjoy it :)
After going to Black Forest Mill, I've tried out a total of four German restaurants with the others being in San Francisco and San Diego.  I'm not a German food expert but I have a nice variety to make some  comparisons and Black Forest Mill was by far my least favorite or had a notch below in quality to what I've tried.  

The beers were very good and were really rock solid.  I can imagine many people just coming for the drinks while listening to the music during the lively evenings.  I had the Rheinischer Sauerbraten which is a prime sirloin marinated in wine and vinegar for 10 days.  The tenderness of the sirloin was great and you could certainly tell that they've marinated it for a considerable amount of time.  The downfall was that they added an absurd amount of sweet & sour raisin sauce on top and it almost felt like there was just as much sauce as there was meat on the platter.  

The apple red cabbage was a nice tangy sweet flavor but the spaetzle was dull and seemed like they took frozen spaetzle and just reboiled it up quickly and slopped it on the platter.  Black Forest Mill had a lot of hit and miss German food experiences.  If I had to go again, I would certainly try their schitzel because they had like almost 10 varieties.  They were voted "Best of Phoenix German Food" in 2007 and 2008.  But looks like 2009 or 2010 wasn't in the cards.
I visited this place and had a party of 22. I called to make sure they could handle the volume of people a few days ahead of time and was assured that they could. I will start off by saying the food was good overall, the service we got from the single waitress was as good as expected. I was not happy that they seemed to be understaffed on a Friday night with a reservation being made. I have started a group to get together about once a month and try new places for new experiences. This was the first of many of these trips and hope they will continue to grow. I ordered and split the sampler platter with my partner and all the food contained on that big plate was GOOD!!.... Over-all the experience was pretty good and I will go back but next time I will request that we have at least 2 waitresses( 1 per 10 people min.). I think some sales of Beer suffered due to not having enough staff. The group was pleased with the food quality with a few exceptions which is normal. This visit was also to compare to another restaurant (German) in Glendale. Overall I would say the food quality was equal... very similar... portions are bigger at the other place....lol...   The price was about what I expected to pay. I will note some of the things I was really impressed with..... They were willing to separate our tabs and there was no 18% gratuity auto added to the bill. I think our waitress done well with the tips that night.... even better than 18%. 

Final note: I will try this place again.... maybe not the best place for a huge group... would be better with groups of 10 or less. Anna was our waitress and she was pretty awesome and done a great job... but at times we felt sorry for her.... she could have used some help. This would normally have been a 4 star but due to not staffing properly they lose 1 star.
I am reviewing this place solely on the Saturday night dance night, Cheap Thrills. I have yet to eat here and really do want to try it out. 

First off, the beer selection is awesome! I had 3 Dunkels in big barrel glasses, the price is very fair and the beer was great! The bartenders are very fast even when the bar is jam packed! 

The dance/music portion is highly disappointing. Cheap Thrills is supposed to be a combination of Shake DJ's and Party Foul... I was excited, as I love DJ William Reed and Jared Allen. Unfortunately William never took to the decks, and I was there from 11 till 2ish. The kids who were up there played terrible trance techno type stuff that was undancable and I felt like I was at a rave in someones basement and needed a pair of glow sticks. I was really looking forward to hearing some old Shake music in the mix, it never happened. Maybe this dance night is no longer a collaboration of the two, as William never spun that night. I dunno. I should add, that my taste in music is pretty terrible. Give me some Q Lazzarus, Yaz, Motely Crue, or Prince and I am a happy girl.

I most likely wont be going back for this dance night, but I will be going back to try the food out and have a few more Dunkels
The bar is dark and the ceilings are low.  The beer is strong and the music is loud.  For some reason EVERY time I go here, I have a fantastic night!  The live music ranges from crap to pretty good... but the vibe is always there.  People are dancing, milling around, smoking out back or playing Foosball (at least they used to).

Not everyone loves this bar, but if you can make your own fun... it's a great bar to have a session.
BFM, in its amorphous identity, seems to now be a venue. I recently saw Yacht and Washed Out perform here. There was no cover (we purchased tickets ahead of time) and I was pleased to see that getting a drink at the bar was no longer a thirty minute bartering process. Franziskaner and Optimator on tap (although no more boots?! Who ruined it for the rest of us?) and more efficient servers behind the counter were great to see. 

It's such a weird ass, unique place. I love it.
Black Forest Mill is NOW OPEN. I, along with 7 other family members, gathered there last night for a delicious meal. The entertainment stimulated the mood. Our server was VERY patient and courteous with our large group. The food was absolutely  delightful. We each sampled the other's selection and all agreed each dish was savory and unique. I would have given this a 5 STAR rating. However, there is one thing that is preventing that. And that is, they do not offer any domestic beer choices. With having a borderline gluten allergy, I can only tolerate a Miller Lite or a Miller 64. With everyone feeling festive and enjoying beers last night, I went ahead and drank a JEVER. Waking up this morning with welts just reminded me that I can not go back to Black Forest Mill if drinking will be in the equation. I still highly suggest this restaurant if you are yearning for some real german cuisine.
If you're looking for large portions of hearty schnitzel, then this is the place to go. The ambience and service isn't particularly memorable, but you'll leave full and in need of a nap. The pierogies are also tasty.
Normally I would not give this place a 4 rating however, the food was quite good, large portions for very reasonable prices. 

The decor was meh. The service was meh. The waitress appeared to have better things to do than serve food. Which I will get to later....

I ate the Goulash and it was fantastic. One of my daughters ordered perogies with potatoe salad and of course I tasted the salad, it was pretty good. She enjoyed her perogies as well. My other daughter ordered sausage with potatoe salad.. I tested her salad too.. Just to be sure :)

Yep the food was good. While we were there the waitress was a little snippy and hey we all have our off days so whatever... But the best part was when the waitress got into it with another customer over the amount of ice in the coke. I watched and listened as the customer complained about how much ice was in her coke and the waitress got all annoyed. It was like I was in some sort of movie. I ate and listened. It was very entertaining to watch.

So long story short... Don't expect great service but the food and prices are great. If you want to have some side entertainment just piss the waitress off and watch.... LOL.
(I would not suggest that anyone piss off wait staff until after ordering)
I love this place. I've been twice so far and both times, I've been super happy with my meals. 

This time I went, I told them I was allergic to dairy and he said he'd make sure that the schnitzel used only an egg wash, instead of their usual egg and milk wash. He also listed off the ingredients in the (apparently homemade) caesar dressing (mayo, red wine vinegar, fresh garlic.. lemon?) so I would be sure I was good to go. 

My friend also made things difficult because she can't eat pork, so she went for the chicken option at $2.50 extra. When the food came, she suspected that she actually got pork, and the server swooped in and said 'I think we made a mistake, let me take this away and we'll remake your whole meal." So she got that back in a few minutes, everything hot and freshly made. He then told us we'd be getting an apple strudel on the house for the mistake. I love how proactive they were about the whole thing. She didn't even have to say anything. 

Service was excellent the entire time. The guy was very friendly and personable, and the food came out pretty quickly, considering it was definitely freshly made (no frozen schnitzels!)  I had the Vienna schnitzel with pig tail and my friend had the metro schnitzel (stuffed with bacon and sauerkraut). Tasty as hell. The pig tail was okay. Not a ton of meat, just a lot of fat. Tasted like pork. I LOVED the home fries, which are actually roasted potatoes with a bit of sauce on them. Addictive. 

The meal was more than enough, I basically ate half of it and will be enjoying the remainder for lunch today. A full plate of food + caesar salad + garlic bread = $18.

Parking's out back. They also have a small party room with it's own bar at the back of the restaurant. If I lived in Kitchener, I'd definitely have my birthday here.
If you know real schnitzel, you know that this place is for sure one of the better places. 

The service was very friendly and the place had a very traditional feel. The portion sizes are huge! and, all for a generous price. The Schnitzel was amazing. Very crispy, and had lots of cheese and mushrooms on it. 

Overall, I strongly recommend that you pay a visit for lunch or dinner!
P.S  Love the music!
Great little place in downtown Kitchener for German cuisine.  They offer a small schnitzel plate but the portions are huge.   Good quality food and reasonable prices.
Came here a few days ago as a lunch date with some friends, and we were not disappointed!

At first the service was a little spotty, but we figured out it was because the server was on the phone at the time and didn't hear us come in. Once we were sat down, he was very pleasant and attentive throughout our visit. 

I ordered the Cordon Bleu Schnitzel with home fries and coleslaw. It was very clear that everything was home made and absolutely delicious. The portions are huge, and there was tons of cheese and ham in the centre of the schnitzel. I only barely managed to finish it!  My one friend isn't a fan of pork, but they have a chicken option - great to see they're accommodating! 

The restaurant itself is very homey, it almost feels like you're going to someone's place for dinner. The art on the walls was super kitchy and cute, which really added to the atmosphere. I'm a little sad I'm graduating and won't be in town soon since now I won't be around to eat here!

I'd definitely recommend this place, and already have to some friends. Chances are I'll be back pretty soon!
I've come back a few more times while I'm still in the Waterloo area, and each time has been fabulous.

I've come for dinner the past few times, and since I've tried the Pilsner and Parisian schnitzels. Parisian is by far my favourite - lots of cheese, yummy mushrooms, and pairs well with the home fries. As well for dinner, you get soup or salad, as well as the two sides to go with your schnitzel. Unless you have a huge appetite, you're guaranteed to have at least one more meal from the leftovers!

I definitely recommend the Parisian, it's now my go-to when I get to Metro!
A deux pas de la station de train de Kitchener, l'accueil y est parfois un peu raide, mais une fois assis vous serez très correctement servis. Le choix de schnitzel y est impressionnant et parfaitement bien préparés. Alors si vous êtes dans les parages de l'ancienne "Berlin" de l'Ontario, la dénommée Kitchener, alors faites un détour chez Metro Restaurant.
I went here for a wedding reception and the German food here was amazing. I'm not sure if it was the wedding planner who arranged it but the food was tasty and plentiful. I have never been to a wedding that had so much food. I was afraid I wouldn't fit my dress by the end of the night. The interior is also very warm and welcoming. The ceiling lights are quite pretty. This is a great space for good sized event.
Sunday brunch buffet is AMAZING!
I was here for dinner at the Schenke Restaurant in the basement during Oktoberfest. The decor and furniture though not fancy is authentic and has a German feel to it. The servers and staff were in dirndl dresses and were very polite and warm. The buffet hall had pretty good service and the food although had very limited variety was delicious. The pork schnitzel was tender on the inside and crispy outside. The sausages were to die for. The constant flow of beer was personally appreciated and I enjoyed the apple strudel for desert was perfect. And we got a surprise shot of schnapps at the end of it all. A good experience although I am not sure if I'll make this a regular thing.
My friend took me here for dinner on Saturday and I was absolutely blown away.

The Concordia House is a German Beer Hall and basically looks exactly the way you would expect: dark wood, crests aplenty and all sort of stuff painted on the walls. Plus, the servers wear dirndls!!! 

We were seated by an elderly German man (I think the owner) who told us that we should both sit facing the middle of the room, so that we can watch the dancers. Apparently, they have a live band on Saturday nights and people dance! I am SO EXCITED at this point. 

It only gets better. I order a pint of beer and instead, am served 0.5L of beer! Metric beer! 

My friend orders the chicken schnitzel, and I order the Concordia Platter: 1 small schnitzel, 1 smoked pork chop, 1 Oktoberfest sausage, dumplings (basically stuffing in gravy) and sauerkraut. I drove 2 hours through a snowstorm to get there. I was leaving there hungry.

The meal was good, not the BEST I've ever had, but definitely very tasty. The schnitzel was great as was the sausage. My dining partner was very happy with her chicken schnitzel, which was basically took up half the dinner plate.

For dessert, we split an apple strudel, which was homemade, but not quite sweet enough. 

During dessert, we were treated to a two man band featuring a guy on drums and a guy on the accordion and keyboard, as well as a bunch of seniors ballroom dancing across the floor. It was pretty spectacular.

This place gets 3.5 stars for food, 3 stars for service and a billion stars for atmosphere. I will definitely be back, and with friends!
Went to their dinner buffet one night. The variety of food offered was actually quite good, although the salad bar could've been better. 
I tried almost everything and the Schnitzel was my absolute favorite. I probably had 3+ pieces. The red soup (I'm not sure what it's called) is also recommended, since it was a bit sour and totally worked up my appetite. Same with the sauerkraut.  I had apple strudel for dessert. Mmm...very enjoyable food and atmosphere. Loved it.
was in town on a biz trip and our partner took me here for lunch.

the beer was great.

the food is all right. i ordered their suasage with curry and it was ok. also ordered a side of their fried liver; it was also just ok.

i'm a hugh fan of suasages, other than that do not know much about german cuisine. gave it a 3 star for that reason.

this place is very popular during october for their 'october fest' tho.
Upon rolling up to this place you will notice plenty of parking unless it has some sort of venue going on such as Octoberfest etc.

We were greeted by a very friendly female hostess, who sat us around the middle section of what was like a banquet hall. I observed a dance floor and a bar that could accomodate a decent sized wedding or festival. 

I chose to eat rouladin which is like a very fine steak with a pickle rolled up in the middle of it. I had some sourkrout on the side and shpehtcel(spelling here?) it was like little pasta. I must say the meal was very nice if you like German food, which I do. The guests who attended with me ate Snitchel(spelling here) and they also ejoyed their meals.

This resturant offers soup of the day which can be anything from cream of brocolli soup to French onion... or even Goulash soup. 

There are plenty of types of bread offered before and during the meal.

Prices were great. Six of us ate for about $100.00 plus tips.

No alcohol... I dont think.... LOL.
Great mix of comfort Germanstrudelporkhocken and bier on tap.  The servings are generous and served by friendly staff in traditional Bavarian attire.  We would go again to try the other menu items.

If I was from Bavaria, I'd would feel comfortable in my lederhosen ... Bier in hand
Concordia Club definitely worth the drive if you are looking for authentic German food in the area. 

Everything here is house made including their dessert. Dessert is just so good.

We shared:

Goulash Soup ($6.75)

Concordia Platter ($18.50) smoked pork chop, small Schnitzel, German bratwurst, dumpling and fine German sauerkraut

Rote Grutze ($6.25) red berries cooked with rum, & served with fresh cream - The first time I tried and I am a FAN!

Black Forest Torte ($6.25) to Go!

There is also some selection of German beers on draft.

Seems like a fun place for Oktoberfest!
Expensive but 'to die for' artisan bread and german cake.
I lived in Edinburgh and this was one of my favorite treats along with Plasir du Chocolat for our sweets (which I read is now closed: those chocolates really were little pleasures) but Falko is still open at several locations: Bruntsfield, Gullane and at the farmer's market.

Falko is a German bakery and patisserie and has delicious pretzels and Christmas stollen that were reminiscent of the goodies I used to snack on in Germany. They also make cakes, tarts, and lots of breads. 

They also have a stall at the Edinburgh Farmer's Market on Saturdays right under the castle near Castle Terrace. Visit this market and try the hog roast rolls, the Laprig apple juices, Abroath smokies (not always there), and so many more fresh and interesting selections. During the summer, the strawberries are the freshest and sweetest we've ever had! They are open from 9am-2pm.
What an adorable little German Bäckerei -- I'm a carb-aholic so once I found this place I couldn't be separated from it... One visit I had a plate of cheeses with roasted peppers that came with a big basket of freshly baked bread, and a slice of the best carrot cake I've had in years... Another visit I had a terrific Linzer Torte and some fantastic Baked Cheese Cake... This place is absolutely great!
Finally... a coffee/light lunch place that's a little bit different from all the millions of others in this area.

Yes, they do cakes, pastries, coffee and tea. But as far as I know this is the only swiss café in Bruntsfield, which means that instead of the same old muffins and cookies you get in most other places, here you get stollen and pretzels. What's more, this place prides itself on making everything from scratch and on-site, or rather, "Qualität aus Meisterhand" as they put it.

The other great thing about them is that they'll also bake you an entire cake exactly to your liking if you order in advance. So next time you're trying to show off your domesticated baking skills, but accidentally forget to turn the oven on or use the wrong type of flour, this place will save the day.

My only criticism? It's too far from my new flat!
This appealing German bakery/cafe houses some hanging Bretzels and a tempting Kommiss Brot. These traditional German baked goods are super tasty and smell divine. 

Delicate teas and strong coffees compliment some rich, freshly made slabs of cake. They do some interesting sandwich platters too all of which are an interesting alternative to the usual deli style baguettes.

Falko's is located in Bruntsfield, and thus isn't the easily accessible from the centre, nonetheless its worth the trip.
A German bakery with oh-so-delicious coffee and the perfectness that describes German sweet-making. These guys know how to make pleasure in the form of an apple tart fresh and waiting for you on a plate whilst you attempt to constrain yourself from taking it all in one mouthful.
Whether you sit in or take away you are in for a treat!

Yes I am slightly in love with this place.
Sounds like the name of German fighter plane and tastes just as sweet.

This place is going to make me fat, but happy. Jolly even. They have a great selection of light bites, but why fill up on waste? Let's get straight to the cake.

The black forest gateau should be a class A drug. By the time I had swallowed the final spoonful I was in tears. You will NEVER taste anything this wonderful again.

The Pretzels are great too.
Falko's bread is great. Cakes are yummy, but expensive. This new Falko bakery and cafe is a nice place to while away some time and satisfy your sweet tooth. But at these prices you might find yourself nibbling and sipping to make it last longer!
Apricot Frangipane 
Plum Tart
Apple Tart
Cinnamon Baumkuchen
Spanish Almond Torte
Linzertorte
Sachertorte
Black Forest Gateau
& Pear & Sour Cream Cake

All hand-made by award-winning German baker Falko Konditormeister and his small team of artisan bakers. If you still have a room after a slice or two - and the portions are so generous, you really shouldn't have any room! - they also sell pretzels, stollen and lovely loaves of hazlenut and raisin, fennel seed, pumpkin and rye bread.
Despite having a name which sounds more akin to a store selling high-end stereo equipment, I was utterly delighted to stumble across Falco's. Even though it's a bit off my usual beaten track I'll definitely be back sooner rather than later.

I'm a big fan of Ze Germans and grew quite attached to their bakeries on my many visits there last year. I am delighted to confirm that so far, this is the only shop in the UK where I have managed to find a full on, proper pretzel. While Pret a Manger do an acceptable imitation covered in sesame or poppy seeds, it's the bad boys in here, sprinkled with a bit of rock salt, that really do it for me. You really wouldn't believe that a lump of doughy, stodgy bread can taste so good.

I would rather that they were 40 cents like in their homeland, but I suppose you pay extra for quality imported goods.
A friend told me ages ago about this bakery about near Yellowcraigs which had the best German biscuits he'd ever had.  I put the weird name in my phone so I wouldn't forget - Falko Konditormeister.  
So, when a branch opened up practically across the street from where I work, I was on it.

I went here for lunch with my man one day.  He ordered soup and I had a sandwich, we each had tea.  

The tea was weird.  You just got a small amount of loose leaf in this strainer which fit in your tea cup.  But, it was too much leafy tea for the size of the cup and as a result your first cup was mega strong but every subsequent cup was too weak.  Clearly tea drinking here is an art that must be learned.

BUT the food was really lovely.  The soup was compared to home made (which is major) and my sandwich had salad with a very tasty dressing.  

I wanted to have dessert but we needed to get back to work so we grabbed an apricot pasty to share, to go.  Holy jeebus was that thing good.  Thinking back on it, I don't know why I've not been back to eat more pastries because, wow.  

I've heard their other food is great, and I'd really like to get some of their gorgeous bread some time as well.  

And the German biscuits - must.try.german.biscuits.
Now I see what all the fuss is about. Delicious German cakes (the apple cake is just as I remember my grand mothers!) home baked bread (including hard to find dark rye!) and sehr guten Kaffee! Lecher!!!! One thing to bear in mind though, they do not accept credit cards (but do take debit cards). Very good Falko, I'll be back.
They are famous for their bread and cakes. I went on a Sunday and had a delcious brunch for an amazing low price of £10, this included tea/coffee, juice and plenty of food. Attentive staff and relaxed atmosphere.

I can never resist coming here when in Edinburgh and always end up buying something to take back to London.
I lived a long time in Germany and Austria.  The food at this cafe is truly good, and the staff are ok.  The down sides are the price and the air of pretension.  I guess that may come from the neighbourhood in which it is located, and that it is one of the few Germanic cafes in Edinburgh.  Overall, pretty good.
I lived in Germany for some time, and I definitely recommend their breads. We had a marzipan hoernchen (amazing) and also sampled their brioche (so-so) and croissants (again, amazing). Their sweet treats looked incredible, but we were seriously disappointed by the schwarzwaldkirschtorte (blech, could barely finish the soapy thing). But we may be picky, as that was our wedding cake. Their other cakes looked quite tasty. We got some absolutely delicious jaegerkruste to go (a light rye bread with seeds). Finally, some real German bread! Do yourself a favor though, and just drop in to get your breads to go. If you stay in, the prices are marked up beyond their value--not worth it.
So, my MOM actually told me about this place because she wants me to eat Hannakah food on Hannakah even when I have no idea how to celebrate it, or how to spell it for that matter. But apparently, Falko Konditormeister has unlevened baked goods for the (one) Jews in Edinburgh.

I'm a little terrified of the evilness and the backlash that is going to ensue if I say this But I'm going to do it. I have a right to my goddamn opinion too (smiley face). 

I think, and it's just ME, I think I might like... falkocoffeebetterthanartisanroast. 

There. I said it. 

It was the. best. coffee. 

It was the. most. awkward. german (austrian). unwarm. nerve-wracking. service. 

It was the. best. coffee. 

It was, and is 250 miles away (or something like that) from where I live.

but, it was the. best. coffee. 

The cakes looked life-changing but all the skinny hot Austrians behind the counter put me off ordering them as I felt they were judging me as a human, to my soul... I didn't want them to judge my cake order.
My 1st "Average" review, and feeling a little bit guilty as we all have Off Days (some more than others!) ...however, I have given Falko 3 chances which is more than reasonable! 

Positives: Cakes look A-Mazing, the Sandwiches are pretty darn delicious (I had the amazing pork, apple & rocket), quaint interior and good Bruntsfield location.

Not so positives (I don't really like using "Negatives", however, guess I have now, inadvertently...):  Service, 3 times I've been there and 3 times I've felt as if I was intruding... they seem friendly enough, when they were talking amongst themselves. Lacks warmth in atmosphere, and just didn't get a positive overall vibe...

So, if you would like a nice piece of cake and don't care about service - by all means visit... I won't be back. 3 strikes, you're out Falko.
This is a lovely and I believe only German cafe in Edinburgh. I am not surprised that the baker has won so many awards for his food. The bread and cakes are truly delightful. The salads also looked delightful. Try the Swabian apple tart. The vanilla cream custard is amazing.
Five stars for the incredible baked goods and fantastic hot chocolate. Just don't wait till winter to go there!
Falkos was one of the first cafes i visited on moving to Edinburgh and i was very impressed. the inside certainly gives yo that feeling that your being transported back to Germany with the interior, the german staff and of course the fantastic bread, pastries and cakes. The cakes are a big favourite with my son he would recommend the chocolate gateau , for me the best thing is there Hot Chocolate the best i have ever tasted it is fantastic made with the best quality chocolate, full cream milk no sweetners or anything else it is superb! The only negative for me is the service and the atmosphere. the service isn't that great the staff aren't really friendly don't really make conversation with you and so the atmosphere isn't up to much. and for that reason i don't go in there as much as other cafes in Bruntsfield!
Great coffee, great cakes BUT sadly the service leaves a bit to be desired. As this is a takeaway as well selling cakes/bread and coffee the staff seem to get a little overwhelmed at times.

You can find yourself sat for 20 minutes before being acknowledged and even if you are there's no guarantee you'll get a menu. BUT, when you are served and you do get your coffee and come on now your cake as well you will be happy.

Classic treats such as apple strudel that don't hold back on portion on flavour. Really worth a visit if you find it on a quiet day.
Clean shop, kind weiter , ( man with beard), lovely green tea pot,lovely sacher torte!
bright atmosphere!!!!
Many thanks! 
Giuseppe!
When my daddy comes to town, we go for breakfast. We often come here for the cinnamon swirls and coffee. This is a German bakery, offering some of the finest baked goods in Edinburgh: think pretzels, sacher torte, rye bread, apple strudel, black forest gateaux, brioche, and a vast array of other exciting delicacies. Also on offer are hot breakfasts, using fresh ingredients such as salmon, local cheeses, poached eggs and freshly made bread.

The coffee always come served with a glass of water, the cinnamon swirl is the best of its type in town. I often take home a pretzel to eat for lunch. The pretzels are soft on the inside, crunchy on the exterior and made perfect by the touch of sea salt. Do you remember how good those pretzels were at the German christmas market? These are so much better!

If you cannot be bothered to walk up to Bruntsfield (though you should, this is foodie heaven), Falko have a stall every saturday morning at the farmer's market on castle terrace. Go!
Apple strudel as big as my face. Seriously. And double whammy on the yum factor.

That perhaps wasn't the most eloquent way to put my admiration, and adoration, for Falko Konditormeister's Master Cake Skills. But the apple strudel elicited such a strong response of "oh mah gah" and "nom nom nom" that I forget myself for a moment.

I had been wanting to come to Falko's for, well, 2 years since I moved to Edinburgh. A German baker and café that produces heavenly cakes. I believe a Konditormeister is a special title given to a Master Pastry Chef - much like a Michelin star for cakes perhaps? And on reading their website, and that they include 10% Kirsch in their Blackforest Gateaux (as this is the minimum you can include if you want to call it Black Forest Gateaux and be a respectable Konitormeister), I know Falko means business.

The cake counter inside is relatively small. No big window display, no song and dance. But housed within this small, square, glass box there is a juxtaposition of ornate, creamy, so-messy-they-have-to-be-good cakes. The infamous Black Forest Gateux towering on high. Many more chocolate tortes. A lemon tart, a cherry and almond tart, a plum cake, a rhubarb and custard tart. And then, hidden on the bottom shelf - the appfelstrudel. It was the biggest of the lot.

We went for one of those *points at strudel* and one of those *points at rhubarb and custard tart*. It should also be noted that we walked from Leith Walk to Bruntsfield to get the apple strudel (I had a craving) and got them to take home for a nice cup of tea.

The apple strudel, oh my. Layers upon layers of thinly cut apple, almonds, sultanas, and of course cinnamon. The pastry, so thin. The rhubarb and custard tart was, well, very tart and so very rhubarby. I adored the apple strudel as it had been the focus of my affection, in thought before in taste, all afternoon. But the rhubarb and custard tart was far better than I thought it could be.

I'm afraid I have no photos to show, especially none to scale, as we ate them so quickly. But they were so good.

I am only lacking a star as we didn't sit in. The café is always very busy, and if I'm honest, doesn't have the sort of atmosphere I look for in a café. It's just quite busy. But the cakes alone deserve 5 stars.
Our opinion of this place is much the same as others: go for the food, not the service! I had a lovely butternut squash soup with the great house breads, the cheese in the cheese and chutney sandwich was satisfyingly mature. My picky other half had the salmon brunch, and was more than satisfied, though thought they could have been a little less stingy with the fruit in the muesli. Not to mention the black forest gateau, which is amazing, and the coffee, which is fine.

Service, however, is patchy at best. Several times we had to ask twice for the same thing, and smiles were few and far between.

For us though, the food and coffee was the priority so we came out satisfied.
You have to go here now! Bread and cake - what more do you need really? Well I suppose wine but that is beside the point!

This delightful German cafe/bakery is definitely worth a visit for brunch, lunch or a cup of coffee and a cake if you're visiting Bruntsfield. It can be very difficult to get a seat at the weekend though and if you're lucky enough to get one, you may be sat closer to someone than you would necessarily like to be but the Black Forest Gateau will help you forget that. There is a huge selection of cakes and fab German artisan bread too.

Poached eggs, salmon and hollandaise from the lunch menu also very good.

They have just started doing 2 or 3 course brunches which sound great as I hate it when you have to chose between muesli and fruit and the egss benedict that is calling you from the menu!

Seating outside on warmer days so the puppy can come too..
I always defend british food when it comes to the myth about how bad it is. But regarding the bread: Jesus it's the worst!
It didn't took me long to realise why people toast just every single slice: There is just no other option as every bread is a weird foam and you can reduce the size of it to 1/10 just by squeezing it in one hand. The Rye-bread you can buy in a supermarket needs to be toasted as well (NEEDS) otherwise it moulders into a million pieces before you had the chance to spread butter on it to at least stick it together. My bread nightmare came true in Great Britain!

So thank you FALKO to save my life with a variety of healthy, tasty bread! They have it all here: Black, Rye, Spelt, Multi-grain...etc... Finally my teeth have something to do again and I don't feel like an old woman who has to eat crustless bread that melts in your mouth. 

I do like the cakes a lot as well. Like Murphy said the fruit tarts are heavenly. Have it with cream and if you sit in order hot chocolate in addition. This place is supposed to have a really good 'Baumkuchen', which I never tried before as it reminds too much of christmas season but I am sure I am gonna take my favourite Schnauzer and his owner to an advent treat. One has to get over the smell of spilt milk though!
But I am sure we'll be there before that time and enjoy a nice breakfast!
Welcome, bold adventurer, to Falko Konditormeister, den of marvels.
Do not hesitate at the entrance; do not baulk at the door handle shaped like a giant pretzel. You might wonder at its size, but come in through the door, travelling one, and behold the real pretzels of similar proportions within. Behold the glass counter that miraculously does not fracture under the weight of unimaginably large and intricate-looking cakes. Behold the arrayed bags of exotic teas, or the rich hot chocolate swirling hypnotically in lavish perpetual motion.
Your knees may weaken, but take heed: you may have to wait a while before you can sit down, for many others have already found comfort here. Here, where there is light and cheer. Here, where the denizens are quick and eager to serve. Here, where there is... cake.
Peruse this menu, adventurer. The options may swim a little before your eyes at first. White pomegranate tea. Hazelnut tea. Chocolate tea. And here, look: these gigantic slices of cream and liqueur, of fruit and chocolate, of pastry, of sponge - yes, these colossal confections of bliss - can be yours for less than £4.
Lay down your burden, and loosen your belt. You are welcome here.
When suffering from a massive hangover on a Sunday morning (okay ..afternoon) and when someone suggest to go for a coffee and a cake, you jump at the chance to do so! 

However if this is to be consumed at a 'top rated German Bakery' which is at least 3 postcodes away and (as they do not take reservations) without any guarantee for a place to sit. You might politely tell them were to go.

I went anyway. 
And good thing I did.

After a horrendous bus ride we finally arrived (honestly who in their right mind suggested this place.. och my head..why is that yellow thing in the sky?!!) 
My friends, whom had secured a sunny spot outside, were already enjoying their coffees and cake. 

Even when not in the best moods, I was able to appreciate the cakes and breads on offer. They all looked and smelled delicious and I wanted most of them. Now. My stomach agreed. 

The cake I went for was one of the apple creations ones on offer - the "ApfelStrudel mit Sahne" and a white coffee. 
I really liked it. It was big, flaky, not too sweet and the rum soaked raisins had some punch. The whipped cream wasn't very sweet and I did prefer warm vanilla custard.. but that wasn't on the menu. Coffee was as coffee does. 

So based on the cake I had and the look and smell of the multiple other cakes consumed by my friends (two for some!) I have to give this place 4 stars. I was not impressed by the service and also the state of the furniture left something to be desired, but I may have to put that down as my headspace being used as a continuous gorilla drum solo. 2 stars. 

So in total a not unbeatable 3 stars, which possibly will be improved upon on other visits.
Another place that I would really like to give 5 stars, but I'll go with 4 for now.

On the cakes and breads, wow... 5+ stars, no doubt... a friend and I have made the pilgrimage here more than once and only managed to get the end of day scraps and still loved them. (By scraps I still mean glorious pieces of cake, not actual scraps to be fair!)  The coffee is also a good compliment, and given I've tended to come later in the day on the weekend there normally isn't a problem finding a few seats despite the place being quite small.

This leads me to my only complaint and the reason I'm going with 4 stars for now... I would love to pop in here after a stressful day for a coffee and one of their heavenly creations, but it shuts painfully early if you don't live in the area.. if they just gave me until 7:30 all would be well, but alas... it isn't meant to be.  In their defence one of their staff members did say that they piloted such a thing however long ago, but that no one really came in... a crime, but perhaps good for my waist.

I'm eager to get out and try their brunch one weekend... despite being small they assured me you normally don't have to wait longer than fifteen minutes, so I'll hopefully test that theory sooner rather than later.

Essentially if you like the idea of wonderful cakes and coffees, or want to get some really good breads that shame everywhere else I've been lately, try and drop by this place... I don't think you'll regret it.  

Falko Konditormeister may not be big, or flashy, but what they do, they do best, and I suppose that's what matters in the end
The cake was very good (I was high after two bites), as was the latte (very strong, thank you).  The savories looked amazing, though I did not have anything but cake on this birthday outing.  My star dock is for the atmosphere/staff.  It was a rainy, busy Sunday, and they hate to turn away customers, I get it, but feeling pressure to move on is something I despise.
Instead of lingering to enjoy the slow melting of sugar on my tongue, and laugh when it hits my brain in shocks and I have to make an effort to slow myself down, I must either abandon the jutting creation of pastry and icing, or eat it quickly so that I feel sick.  Well, I did neither.  We sat there and enjoyed our dessert, though I had to make an effort to ignore the staff.
I had this in my bookmark for at least three months, finally I went. 

I got their citrus tart, a cheesecake and a pretzel. 
All delicious.  Especially the pretzel that had rock salt bits on it, crunchy and delicious and yes, I went in with pretty high expectations on their bread and it did not disappoint me.

Why four stars then..
Coz...the lady behind the counter didn't seem very friendly. ..and while I was still choosing. ...she was constantly asking me anything else. ....kinda got put off in the end....

Great cakes and bread.. good enough to ignore the service
A visit here as part of the Hot Choc gang. Had wanted to try it for awhile so this was the perfect opportunity.

I had already brunched at Cuckoo's and purchased emergency cake in case they didn't do gluten free cake. They do = they had a chocolate torte (almond based so not suitable for nut free/GF) which was nice enough but probably needed a tad more cherry jam to give it a bit more omph.

It is pretty busy and I wouldn't say the most welcoming place. The woman who served me was lovely, chatting about being GF but the other staff seemed a bit disorganised, not knowning who was doing what and despite ordering at the counter as the whole table service/counter order thing was going on, I must have waited about 20mins for hot choc and cake. We were a huge group and they were getting their moneys worth from us but shesh, talk about the stares of 'hurry up and get out'. Definitely not a place for lingering - cake, coffee, go it appears, despite the wait you have before receiving cake and hot choc.

So, the hot chocolate was ok. Just ok - proliferation of cream on the hot choc and the cakes so it was all a bit cream overload rather than subtle flavours. The cakes/breads do look divine and they clearly have a reputation for them going by the amount of take away being bought but Falko just left me a bit cold and that was before the bracing walk home in the cold.
Falko! How I love thee! Or at least the cakes and coffee anyway. Your cakes are so good that I feel bad for eating them, some of them I even feel bad for looking.

You have to take your hat off to the team that run this place. Freshly baked bread and cakes every day are part of the reason why Falko is an excellent addition to the many (between 45-50 at my last count) coffee shops between the start of Tollcross and the end of Morningside 

If you are planning a visit here I would suggest you make a dash for one of the window seats as you can watch the day go by, plus if you are taller than average, the further back you go the narrower it seems to get.

The one thing that could possibly bring this down a peg is the staff. The staff can sometimes seem a bit lost and appear to not know what they're doing.

All in all Falko is a good place to visit if you are in the area. Just don't go looking for a Monday morning coffee, they are closed Monday's and quite possibly Tuesday's too.
Adjacent to Luby's, and the clientele isn't any younger.  Location overlooks two petite man made lakes, one fo the west and one to the south.  Bar has a pure sports bar feel, with flat panel TV's and loads of Miller Lite logoed Nascar cardboard cut outs.  Beer on draft is more American sports bar too, from memory: Bud Light, Miller Lite, Anheusier Busch Amber Bock, and then two lonely German taps of Paulaner Munich Lager & Oktoberfest.

Very short/limited menu, and rather average tasting food.  Seems to be a local bar for retired folks since everyone seemed to know everyone's name as they entered the bar, and the bartender served each of their differing drinks without having to ask them what they wanted.

I know it says "New German Cuisine" but I was hoping for a more German feel overall, rather than what looks like any other Nascar decorated, MIller Lite serving sports bar (that happens to serve a limited menu of German food).
We wanted German food this evening, and we found it!  Yes, their clientele is mostly older folks from Sun City and Sun City West, but do not let this detract from the fact that when the plate arrives, you would swear you are in Germany in a nice village somewhere sitting down for a wonderful meal.

This will be a repeat for us!!
The food is Very Authentic and Very Affordable.
This is not a rocking place with a younger crowd drinking Jaeger and Spaten.  However, if you are looking for GREAT, AUTHENTIC German food at GREAT prices, this is your place!
Been meaning to come here.  Parking lot is always full when I drive by.  Arrived at 645p on Friday Oct23 and had to park next door.  A polka band was playing in the main dining room.  We ate on the patio which has a smoking section to the south.  Service was a bit slow, food was OK more authentic than some.  A few choices for German beers on draft, the Paulaner Munich is the middle of the road if you don't like a bitter beer.  Mostly Sun City crowd which isn't always a bad thing.
We know very little about German food...but we do know we really enjoyed our meal last night with friends who are very particular about what they eat...we were not rushed..the server, Kathy H. was very patient in explaining the menu, and the owner stopped by the table to be sure we were satisified...I happily recommend this place..it's casual, friendly and the food is realllly good.
I took my husband there to celebrate his birthday, the food was delicious and the atmosphere was quiet and pleasant.  The portions were huge and we were stuffed.  We were there kind of late and the owner/chef came out after we had been served and asked us how are meal was.  We learned that he had just moved to the States from Germany less than a year ago, I don't think you can get much more authentic than that.  As for the comments about it being a bar feel, I guess they went to the bar because the dining room is a huge dining room with only tables and thousands of photos/postcards/posters from Germany all over the walls.  I will definitely go there again
This restaurant is pretty good.  It's not the best German food I've had, but it's definitely better than what I can make at home!  The decor looks like a traditional old German grandmother's house, but feels comfortable and relaxing.  Plus as an added bonus they usually play some crazy up-beat German/polka techo music that can't help but make you giddy and want to bounce in your seat to the beat.  

The waitress we had was a middle-aged woman who made fun of the owner behind his back, which was both entertaining and annoying at times.  She did a good job of taking care of us though.  The owner is an older German man and he is always smiling and making sure everything is ok, so I liked that he took pride in his business and knows how to treat his customers well.    

The hot German potato salad totally won me over though.  It is the perfect balance of salty bacon and sour vinegar over creamy thin-sliced warm potatoes.  The black forest cake is also heavenly so I'll definitely be a repeat customer here.
Awesome food!!!

Environment could do a little boost, and the decor, but thats the last thing I look at when the food is as good as that was.
I'm from Chicago (area) and a German family so we've been to our share of German places.  I love rouladen and order it very often.  The one thing that stood out about this dish was the thick, salty, obviously packaged gravy.  It ruined the whole plate.  You can see the high gloss of the gravy in the picture.  The owner came around and he is German, he should be making this from scratch.  Shortcuts are going to make the dish (and the visit) not worth it.  This may be the best German place in this area, but not the best I've experienced.  On the flip side, it is nice to see something different in an area full of chain restaurants.
Went here for lunch today and this place is great!!    There were four in our party and we had the following:  two people in our party had the "1 Paar Bratwurste" which is two bratwurst and two sides.  The sides they chose were sauerkraut and german potato salad.   1 order of "Jagerbraten" which is roast pork with mushroom gravy with sides of red cabbage and Spatzle (boiled german noodle).  1 order of "Rinderroulade" which is sliced beef wrapped around a pickle and bacon served with potato dumplings and red cabbage.   Also included with your meal is a wonderfull basket of rye bread and some type of white bread.   The meals are served with a cucumber/onion salad as a side garnish.   Excellent.   We also had some great german beers.  Paulaner Original and Paulaner Octoberfest.   Not the best atmosphere and the clientele is older due to the proximity to Sun City but the food can't be beat.   I will definitely go here again without a doubt.
I was excited to see a German Restaurant close(r) to where we live and even more excited to see the Chef was from Germany. The food was very hit or miss. The potato dumplings were good, but they ran out and when they brought out some fresh ones, they were undercooked. The rouladen was a bit dry, but seasoned appropriately. I think maybe I just got one that was sitting for a while. The soup was delicious and the portions were appropriate. I'll probably go back, but I definately prefer Haus Murphy's in Glendale. We'll give the Hof another year or so to settle in and try again.
Dinner time came and some friends of ours called and invited my wife and I out to eat with them at the Bayrischer Hof New German Restaurant. 

I have been to Germany several times but I do not claim to be any expert on their food. I have been on a kick of trying something new when I go out. I had the Rinderroulade. This is sliced beef warped around a pickle and bacon. Came with mash potato dumplings, red cabbage. The beef was sitting on a brown gravy. This is the first time I have ever had any of these items. So I don't know how it is supposed to taste. Did I like what I had? Yes!! Very tasty. Everyone ordered something different. When I looked up everyone had finished their meals.  Plates were clean. 

The lady that served us was Alex. She is from Germany and was very helpful in ordering the food. I make no claim to speak German and had to have help in pronouncing the names on the menu. 

Did  I like the food? It was good. Even though I have never had red cabbage I found it was not bad at all. I had never had beef or potatoes fixed this way and again they were very good. There was no food left on my plate except a piece of garnish. 

Would I go back? Yes I want to go back and try something else on the menu. As I said I am into trying things I have never had. They have plenty of dishes I have never tried.

Service was good. Waitress was very helpful and at the end of the meal she told us to be sure to come back and bring more friends. 

If you are in the mood for something different give them a try.
Loved this restaurant. loved everything about it. food was fantastic and authentic, wait staff super friendly, and they are very accommodating. you can choose any meat on the menu and pick whatever sides you want. it doesn't matter what they are suppose to come with. a very authentic german menu. I had some lightly breaded pork dinner. fantastic.i don't even know what it was because it had some long name i can't remember but wow was it good.  it comes with a homemade mushroom gravy. the MUSHROOM GRAVY is a must have. they even brought a large side for free. the potato pancakes huge and delicious. i hate german potato salad. my son had a side of german potato salad that was again, another large side dish. it was sooooo good, warm, and i don't know what they did to it, but man was it good. nothing like the cheap imitations i've had that i can't stand. great experience. will definitely go back over and over. they are on restaurant.com and you can often get $25 gift certificates for $2.
Very disappointed, especially after all the positive reviews.

Avoid Sundays in October. If they've had a busy weekend, you may find, as we did, that their out of stock status is catastrophic. Our visit found no  more lamb, draft German beers dry but for two brands, bratwurst all gone, German potato salad all et up, whatever German wine it was that my wife ordered, out. Hell, they may as well have closed. 

If you order the liver dumpling soup, you'd better like liver! Very ...uh....flavorful, and way too salty. To say that the goulash soup reached Dinty Moore standards would be reaching. On the other hand, the Franconian wine soup was delicious!

Entrees were adequate to mediocre. No one in our party went beyond 'blah' in their assessments. Perhaps all the really good stuff was gone. 

Service was adequate but amateurish. The waiter didn't seem too experienced. Nice guy, though; he certainly was trying hard, and was empathetic enough to seem embarrassed about the disasters in the kitchen and bar. Comp'd us a couple of desserts as compensation; decent of him, but that wasn't enough to make up for the shortcomings of the place. 

The best thing about the Bayrischer Hof, if you're jonesing for German cuisine,  is that the Haus Murphy isn't too terribly far away. It's much the better place.
Moved out here from Chicago. Was looking for a good German rest-
aurant. By accident was driving down the road & happened to spot this 
one. Authentic German atmosphere. Made reservations & went there 
for Easter dinner. All of the food was excellent & the desserts were heavenly! I highly recommend this one to everybody!
I think the poor reviews about the kitchen running out of food had much to do with the owner saving money on keeping inventory low, a last ditch effort to save money before closing their doors. We much prefer Bayrischer over Haus Murphy for food and drink quality, as well as service. A real shame they closed.
Sad to see the economy took its toll on a great restaurant.   My hope is that the owner will return to the area in the future.
Excellent German Breads made in house.
Pastries are hit and miss. Prices are very reasonable so you can buy a few and see what you like. Their Lemon Rolls are a Hit; the Pretzel breads are doughy and lack crunch. 
This Bakery has great potential - several sweet items also have a doughy texture problem that needs to be fixed.
If this is what bread is like in Germany, I want to live there. Sigh. Don't be fooled by the name, the shop also sells yummy pastries and pretzels. I tried the raisin snail and was blown away by the deliciously light pastry. From the outside it looked like it was going to be a sugar bomb, but actually ended up being not too sweet. A generous portion of raisins plus the lightest skimming of sweet glaze made this treat perfect. The girls behind the counter were also really friendly and nice, I would have enjoyed stopping by just to chat with them. I actually wish this place wasn't so close to my house... I can see it becoming an addiction, FAST.
The bread is fantastic, lots of varieties to choose from.  The buns are also very good.  I too found the Pretzels a little doughy but perhaps that's the traditional German recipe....  Nice selection of pastries - of which I've tried the turnovers and the danish - both delish!  I just wish the staff were a little friendlier....not too many smiling faces ...quite stern as a matter of fact...  Some nice German music and decorations could lighten up the mood perhaps?
My wife is German and constantly talks about how much she missed Broetchen and German Bread in General.  This prompted a search on Yelp for a German Bakery early last week...   I didnt have high hopes of finding anything here in Vegas and let me tell you....  This place is AWESOME.  Delicious Broetchen, pastries, and anything else you can look for from a German Bakery.  The customer service is excellent and even if it wasnt, the delicious baked goods would more than make up for it.  This is now added on to our once a week grocery shopping list...   What a great find here in Vegas....  have at it Yelpers!!!!
Went here on a whim (July 5, 2011) after dropping off some shoes to be repaired a few doors down.  I am a baked goods fiend and had heard of this bakery but kept forgetting to visit.  I'm glad I did!  The selection wasn't huge, as the holiday was the previous day, but what they did have looked fresh and homey.  I bought a loaf of the 3-seed bread and it proved to be fresh and not full of sugar and other crap.  The nice lady behind the counter said that they don't like to use a lot of sugar and that they like to keep things healthy (at least for their bread...).  Value seemed pretty good as my very heavy loaf was ~$5.50.  The bread is still fresh the day after purchase.  I will come here again and often for the bread and to sample some pastries.
This place is the real deal. The rolls r like I remember them from my childhood and the rye-meal bread (roggenschrot brot) is about as healthy and delishious as my grandma's who was a baker. The German lunch meats are incredibly authentic, so different from what I have found here in the US over the last 20 years. Please check this place out and help them stick around for a long time!!!
Prices are very reasonable and you get none of the preservatives:)
So bomb,like everyone else said. Good balance for my taste buds, really nice employees. 
I will never get those overpriced garbage tasting pastries at starbucks n other coffee shops ever again!!!
The pretzels roll and pudding danish is so on point.
So As i was working out in my bootcamp class,  my boyfriend went and got me a delicious pastry from this humble place. He got me the apple danish or pie looking thing. The bread actually tasted like how a good crossant would taste right out of an oven, soft chewy, buttery, and breddy,... not hard and too flakey like most danish and crossants. The apple inside tasted fresh and real and not gobbled up in apple sugar syrup. I tried to keep half of the danish for later since it was pretty large, but it was so yummy.. not too sweet.. just perfect... that i ate it all. Can't wait to go back there so I can pick different ones and try it also!@#$
I picked up a variety of pastries to take to work - none were over $2.  I was able to sample both the almond coffee cake and the cheese danish and they were both delicious - they definitely had that made from scratch flavor that can be hard to find these days.  I will certainly be returning to sample more and I see they have a bunch of specials they post on their Facebook page.
I have been here several times. Always on Saturday mornings. I love it except that every time I get the Brochen, I am disappointed and had to throw them all away last week because they were very stale to point of not being able to cut them without crumbling. I realize that they are stored in the open air but even so, a few hours shouldn't make that much of a difference. Is it possible that Saturday's the items aren't baked fresh but leftover from the day before???? I'll have to take a vacation day to try during the week. :) 

Everything else is fantastic especially the Dark Rye Bread and deli meat but I really want good Brochen!
Danke Schoen, Oh Darling, Danke Schoen...

I am so thankful for the pretzel rolls, pretzel sticks, pretzel shaped pretzels. In fact, I may need to get some help because I am addicted to these things. I don't know what it is- maybe it's the freshness, the quality ingredients, or maybe it's because they are made with love.  It's funny because I have never been a fan of pretzels before, but it truly was love at first bite!

I am also a fan of the Pumpernickel bread, but that might be because I ate so much of it while I was studying abroad in Germany.  Toasted and topped with sliced apple, brie cheese, ham, and a little drizzle of honey is the perfect combo of flavors.  

The pastries are also pretty good, but because there are no preservatives added, it is best eaten the same day.  I tried to save some for breakfast the following day- and it just wasn't the same.  Thank goodness this little bakery is so close by.  The prices are also reasonable and owner, Ramona, with her beautiful German accent is very friendly.

You can also pre-order German meals prepared by a German chef to be picked up on Saturdays.  I have yet to try it, but no doubt, I will.  I have been craving Sauerbrauten and Spatzle!
LOVE the pretzel rolls, have to admit that one first.  Hubby has to have his farmer bread fix also, best place in town for that.  Being born & raised in Germany, he thinks he's found heaven every time he walks through their door.. and, I'll admit, they are just darn good.. and the prices are incredibly good.  

We grabbed a coffee bread on our last trip.. it was a white bread twist with a light glaze on top, decorated with almond slivers.  No filling, but it wasn't needed.  It was wonderfully lightly sweet.

And yes, hubby bought his favorite bee-sting cake and totally destroyed it when we got home, grinning through every wolfish bite. =D
I just tried some of their holiday Stollen for breakfast this morning and it was delicious!  So happy to have a local place that knows how to make one of my favorite Christmas treats.
Carbs upon carbs - that's probably the best way to describe German Bread Bakery. Tucked away in a shopping center, this place is far too nondescript considering all the deliciousness that lies past the door.

Walking in, it took me a minute to process all the options and decide what I wanted. The woman behind the counter was very patient and incredibly friendly - not at all exacerbated after I decided to add on more and more. All in all, I decided upon a pretzel roll, pretzel twist, apple strudel, pudding danish and an almond horseshoe - all of which cost under eight dollars. 

I couldn't even wait until I got home to start devouring, but in my defense, the drive home was half an hour. Parking lot snacks, for the win! The pretzel twist was not at all what I expected - it was light, but with a nice crust and touch of salt. Next thing standing in my path was the almond horseshoe. The cookie itself was a bit too almond-y for my liking, but pretty good overall. When I got home, I gave my mom the apple strudel, which she finished off in five minutes - a sign this place got it right. I tried a bit before she really honed in, and it was flaky, subtly sweet, and brimming with apple chunks. The pudding danish was slowly picked off by both my brother and I - something as light as that danish is deceptive. I'm sure it's packed with fat and calories, but it sure didn't seem like it while I finished it off.

This is the sort of place I really love. A quaint place that makes quality products without love produced by the overabundance of sugar or preservatives. As I was leaving, the woman asked if this was my first time visiting, to which I positively confirmed. Her response was "Well, I hope to see you soon. If not soon, then eventually." Oh believe me, keep making those baked goods, and you will definitely see me again.
I don't need to add to the reviews here, as they've got this place covered better than I could. What I do want to add is that everything I've tried here is simply the best I've eaten in a very long time. The flavors are just... right. Delicious. Incredible.

Honestly have nothing to complain about. I wish more places were like this.
The Skinny: can't get past the poor textures of custards and puddings in their pastries (2) it's a bakery so there really isn't a place to sit and they only do credit card transactions over $5 (3) value: given that there pastries were not that great, I'd say this place rates a (2).

I'm a carboholic so when I read about German Bread Bakery, I knew we had to hit it. My hubby and I happened to be in the neighbourhood  right when the bakery opened so we decided we'd to get a couple pastries to go.

Back in my hometown, we have a little German bakery as well which served a great beesting cake; a layer cake filled with pastry cream and topped with honey and almonds. Seeing they had this concoction available too, we decided to give this one a try. Also we saw people post multiple pictures of the pudding danish, so we decided to pick one of those up too.

The beesting cake was pretty disappointing. Although the almond topping and cake was okay, the pastry cream had a very unpleasant powdery texture that really turned me off considering that it composed of 50% of the concoction. It was like eating a teaspoon of cornstarch. Not good. Not good at all.

Next came the pudding danish. My hubby was checking out the danish and poked the pudding part with his fork. I kid you not, the fork bounced back and left not a mark on surface of the pudding. 

"Look, baby! The pudding has memory!"

Yeah, it was that bad. Having the consistency of a rubber band, there was way too much gelatin or agar to solidify their pudding. The danish itself was okay - a little on the doughier side of things than what I'd prefer. It didn't have the flakiness of a fantastic puff pastry.

Given the disappointing experience with both the pudding pastry and the beesting cake, it gets a 2 star.
Really excellent bakers here.  The bread is fantastic and their desserts are big but, unlike some other places in town, are actually very good as well.  Getting a big, crappy dessert is a bummer but no problems here.
Get there early as a lot of the good stuff will sell out if you wait until after work.
I usually find baked goods from non-Asian bakeries to be overly sweet.  Sadly, this was the case at German Bread Bakery.  I ordered the pudding danish and apple crumb cake based on yelp recommendations.  The pudding on the pudding danish had a texture similar to firm jello and the crumb was a bit dry.   I liked the apple crumb cake but there was a little too much sugar in the streusel topping for my taste.  I'll have to swing by earlier than 10:30AM next time for a better selection and to sample fresher goods.
Awesome. We have finally found a place that makes authentic brochen (german rolls). Unfortunately it's ~1200 miles away from home! Still that's quite a lot closer than traveling to Deutschland proper...

The rolls were just right, and per my fiancee we've finally found a German bakery that 'gets it right'. She's been looking for a place that makes the stuff she remembers from living in Germany years ago, so I trust her expertise on that. 

We got 2 of the brochen, a strawberry danish and strawberry crumb cake for $5 even. It was very, very good and filled us up quite nicely. It was actually the best (also the cheapest!) breakfast I've had in the vegas area for some time!

A tip for fellow vegas-area tourists who might be driving there using a GPS gadget as we did: our GPS got a little confused based on the street address and identified a spot along Rampart Blvd where there obviously was no store. The bakery is located at the large intersection near the street address location, in the strip mall near the supermarket. It's easy to miss from the road but with some exploration you'll be able to find it quickly. 

Also to address a point made in other reviews, it's true they don't have any seating inside the store (there might have been a small table and 2 chairs, if that). However immediately outside there are stone benches at the strip-mall. Yes, it's parking-lot ambiance which typically isn't the best place to have a little picnic, but the food was so great that we couldn't have cared less. You might not want to eat this stuff in a renal car unless you want to risk an extra cleaning charge. 

We'll definitely be back. It's off the beaten path for a tourist, but definitely worth seeking out.
I'm so glad that there's a German Bakery here in Vegas! I finally visited yesterday and it brought back memories of being a military brat in Germany. I definatly had to buy all 3 types of Pretzel (Roll, stick, and twist), two Knorr mix packets, and a Beesting cake. My mother bought the Brochen and one of those big pig's ear pastries. Everything tastes great! I can't wait to visit again to try out other breads and pastries.
They added meats & German groceries, and we've been thrilled with the quality of the products.  Add that to the low prices and the incredible baked goods, the only thing that would improve things would be if they moved closer to my house =D
German Bread Bakery:

It is a delight to find such a nice bakery in Summerlin for tasty, authentic German pastries! Thanks to fellow Yelpers for telling me about this place! I've already been there 3 times past 5 days!
- Do try its delicious soft pretzel rolls ($0.75) and apple strudels ($2?), among other treats! The pretzel stick and pretzel twist ($1.40) are actually made from the same dough, but more expensive for being larger in size? Go there during the morning, if you want the pretzel rolls, which are usually the first ones to go!
- Its pumpernickel loaf ($4.99) is tasty, but a bit on the hard and dry side especially after a day; not quite suitable for making a sandwich with.
- The bakery also carries some meat/grocery items, which I have not yet sampled, however.

- This bakery is quite small, but bright and inviting, what with its glass window & glass door, not to mention the wonderful aroma permeating in the air and the nice display of tempting goodies!

There are three nice ladies working there. Two of them are extra friendly and cheerful! They speak German to each other, as well as to some German speaking customers. I worked for a while in a small town in Germany (Glinde bei Hamburg) some years back, which has a couple of small bakeries I frequented. My wife and I still visit fabulous Germany every now then. The goodies in this German bakery in Summerlin and the sound of spoken German among its staff, really make me feel like being still in Germany!

- My only wish is that it would have tables and chairs outside of the bakery for us to enjoy the good stuff over a beverage on site! I'd give it the 5th Star, if my wish came true!

BY THE WAY:
- This bakery is located in a very BUSY, crowded shopping plaza, at Rampart and Lake Mead, where the Smith Supermarket is located. Cars at plaza's entrances (especially the one at the Lake Mead side) are usually backed up to the street, thus could be dangerous, so be careful! Enjoy the fabulous goodies!
-peterskis, Apr 2012
Every time I drive by when they're open, I have to stop by and get myself some pretzel bread (rolls, sticks & pretzel shape)  They seem to call to me as I get closer to the store.  They are so good with some nice room temp butter.  I've tried a few other things here and there, but it's the simple little pretzel bread that keeps me coming back for more!  I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but I am a sucker for greatly made breads.  Damn, I may have to run out now and get me some!
An excellent, small German bakery.

First, the pastries are authentic, delicious and inexpensive. The taste brought back memories, the flavor was simple outstanding - typical German pastry, not too much sugar, just right - and the price, well, that surprised me, literally cheaper than any comparable bakery I have been to in the past decade.

Second, served by a German speaking staff that is very pleasant.

Third, well, my compliments to the baker(s). Can't ignore quality food or the one's that create it.

Thus far, I have experienced 6 different items - all very good. 

And last, not so much criticism, as it is preference and suggestions. Increase the prices as necessary so as to add a small sitting area with coffee made available and the required bathroom. The pastries are so good - I want to stay there and eat there, but at the moment, that is not possible. I believe the clients will accept a moderate price increase in exchange for coffees and a nice sitting area, both inside and out. And of course, Wi-Fi, so some could stay longer and enjoy the food and experience.

However, should it not do these suggested items - that's fine. Simply take the pastries and go across the street to Starbucks where everything goes good with a simple coffee.

Perhaps, even a German TV/cable station or some background music may add to the experience.

There are several added German food products that are also available on a few racks at normal prices as best I can tell.
Pretzels were wonderful and delish. Check the dates on any products on the shelf.
My husband had been reading about this place for a while, he'd even tried going one morning, but it was closed.  So today, we knew we'd be there when they were open, and boy what a surprise, there is more than just pastries.  

They have fresh breads, like my favorite, rye, and a few packaged german goods as well.  We got a few of the cheese and fruit (cherry) danishes and a fruit crumb cake.  They were fresh and flaky, we really enjoyed them.  You gotta go by and try it.
On Rampart one day I saw a "sign dancer" with a sign for a German Bakery.  I asked a coworker if she knew of the place and she had great things to say about German baked goods.  I have been looking for a high quality rye bread for tea sandwiches I am making and this place has just that.  A few choices of rye actually.  I picked up some pretzels, a chocolate croissant, a loaf of marbel rye and a loaf of sourdough.  The pretzel has great flavor & texture and I can't wait to try the other stuff.

The staff (2 ladies) were really nice and helpful.   I was worried about slicing the bread into even slices but no worries here - they have a bread slicer and were happy to do it for me.  

The only thing I was sad about was that the "sign dancer"  came into the store for a few minutes before returning to the 112 degree heat.  I hope his shift isn't 8 hours.
I stopped in yesterday when I was in this plaza as I had read good things about the bakery on Yelp.   I was disappointed in the rolls I bought.  They were multi-grain topped rye rolls and they were dry.  I haven't yet tried the pretzel rolls.  I hope they're better than the rye ones.

I also bought two cookies, a peanut butter and a chocolate chip.  The peanut butter cookie was good.  The chocolate chip is in the freezer for another day.

Since this isn't my neighborhood, I'll stop elsewhere for baked goods.  I really think the rolls in grocery stores are as good as what I bought yesterday.  The bakery was OK.
Happened to stumble upon this place by accident and decided to go in.  It appears to be a traditional German bakery.  The girl behid the counter was very nice and conviced me to purchase a cake.  I decided to try the Black Forest Cake, which is a chocolate cake with layers of cream.  When I went to pay for it, I noticed they were going to put it in a bag.  I asked for a box because I wanted to place it in an ice chest to transport it home (it was 100 degrees outside) and I did not want it getting smashed or ruined.  A guy there, who appeared to be the owner, said no he will not put one item in a box because it costs too much.  I understand if I had bought some bread or items that are not "delicate", but this was a layer cake.  I never heard of putting a piece of cake in a paper bag.  Needless to say, I said "No thank you" and left the store without purchasing anything and I will not be back.  I also decided not to purchase other items that I was looking at.  It is sad that the owner lost a potential customer over properly prackaging a piece of cake so that it can be transported without falling apart or making a mess.   Too bad the women that was behind the counter is not the owner becasue she appeared to be a lot more customer oriented and a good sales person.
What a little gem of a find this bakery is! I was in the parking lot headed to Subway when I noticed it. I thought I would stop in and see what they had for bread. I was surprised at the appetizing variety of goodies they had!
I got a "Apple Danish" and a "Bear Claw" to enjoy for dessert :)
They were so tasty! I wish I noticed this place before but now I can at least stop in and get a danish after eating my healthy Subway right?! *wink wink*

The store was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
Das ist Sher gutt! 

I bought at least 5 if not 6 pastries home to eat for breakfast the next day. when I went out to the kitchen the next day I only had 1 1/2 left.

I will say that those 1 1/2 were wonderful. Cant wait to get back and buy some more!

DANKE!
ETHNIC BAKERY TOUR #1-GERMANY

We've always driven by this strip mall but never noticed this bakery tucked back in the corner. Not only is this a bakery, but a mini German specialities store as well where a lot of German transplants pick up candies, condiments,and other items for a taste of home.(Curry Ketchup!?!?! COOL!!!) The smell of freshly baked goods immediately draw you in and awaken your tastebuds...(Enter at your own risk!)

Bakery selections are plentiful from different danish, crumb cakes, pretzel breads, almond horns, cheese sticks, and a wide array of whole loaves that they will be happy to slice for you. I was jonezing for some of their Bienenstich, or Beesting Cake which is a yeast dough filled with luscious vanilla custard with a caramelized almond-honey topping, but unfortunately they didn't have any on our visit..:( We settled for a Cherry Danish, a Nut Corner, a Pretzel Bread, a German Cheesecake and a popular item called Frankfurter. The ladies behind the counter are so nice and helpful, they also convinced us to come away with a few goodies!

I am determined to return for that Beesting Cake!.....ALOHA!!!
Chocolate croissant? Yes please!!! My love for chocolate croissants and the fact that I was right across the street led me to this bakery. Parking is a bit tight in that shopping center but where there's chocolate there's a way. I saw exactly what I wanted right away. I didn't look around but my husband did ask what the black and white cookies are. After paying 3 bucks for my croissant I was on my way home. 

The verdict: the croissant wasn't very flaky and light as I prefer it to be. Instead it was very bready and doughy if that miss sense. It felt like a piece of bread with chocolate inside. It was fairly large but this wasn't the "amazing I want to go back there now type of deal."  Overall, if I'm in the neighborhood I might drop by.
This place is the real deal! I used to live in Germany, and this place measures up to the little bakery I used to walk to several times a week. Their pretzel croissant takes me back! This bakery is very authentic. They also sell German packaged food. The prices are great and so is the food!
I new that someday my 3 years of German class in high school would pay off!  

I really like this bakery.  It is quaint.  It appears to be hand made artisan type of baked goods.  They had a selection of breads and pastries.  I was there for some breakfast type pastries.  The ladies working there were delightful, not overly friendly just... warm in a neighborly way.

They had a case with about 10 different types of pastries.  I got a dozen for an office type of meeting.  I didn't try all of them just a bite here and there - they were tasty.  Real baked goods.  This place is legit.  perfect to stop by here on a lazy moring and grab a coffee and some pastries and read the newspaper...

They do not have any tables, probably because they do not have a public bathroom -- but that is just a guess.  I would love to see more of a selection.  Seeting and a bigger selection would make this 5 stars hands down.

They had some German coffee, but I didn't try any.
The walnut bread here is ADDICTIVE!! The pastries are so tasty and perfect. Not overly sweet either but just right. Everyone I have met here is very nice and helpful. I think this place is the real deal when it comes to German bread and pastry authenticity. No disappointments here.
Dank German Deliciousness right around the corner. Can't be mad at that!
Delicious baked goods. I'm not well versed in German Pastries but everything I purchased here was fresh and very tasty! I would recommend it to anyone. The staff are very knowledgable and very friendly. German Bread Bakery is truly a hidden gem.
Really great bakery! Yummy!
Good Bakery with reasonable prices.  We shop here several times a month.
Really authentic german bakery, everything is great. Sometimes customers and owner conversing back and forth in German.
Love this bakery. Amazing breads and goodies. Plus they actual products from Germany!!! I will defiantly go back soon.
This place is so freaking good.

I've only tried it once. We tried to go a second time, but it's closed on Sundays, much to our chagrin. My boyfriend looked like he needed to take anti-depressants after we found that out (he's from out of town lol). 

The lady working the cash register was very friendly and knowledgable about every pastry I asked her about (which was a lot). She was also very honest; I told her I hate things excessively sweet. She assured me that their items were not that disgusting "American" sweet, which is exactly what I was referring to. She was also not afraid to point out which ones were, to assure that I would be satisfied with all the items we got.

We bought 2 types of pretzel bread and they were the most delicious forms of bread I've ever had. I already liked pretzel bread to begin with, but this was by far the best pretzel bread in all my life (not exaggerating). So fresh and so good omg. We also had this yogurt cake that was so delicious, and an almond bar thing that was more on the forgettable side.

All in all, so amazing. Beautiful tasty products accompanied with great service. Can't wait to try more items!
Just excellent! We just moved to LV and this place is right next to our preferred grocery store. As soon as I saw it, I knew that I was going to be stopping by soon. 2 weeks later, my wife and I finally did and we were quite impressed. As soon as we walked in, we were cheerfully greeted by 2 of the nicest women I've ever met. They readily and happily answered every question we had, even going beyond what was necessary to make sure we knew exactly what we were looking at/buying. We came in for the pretzels, but were taken with the other delicious-looking pastries on display. We ended up getting some standard (but unbelievably-delicious) pretzels, some outstanding pretzel croissants (We're still trying to figure out which is better. Both are unbelievable.) and a "donauwelle" cake. I had never heard of the latter before, but it was simply incredible: bread-like cake with real cherries, mildly-sweet cream and a subtle chocolate topping. Really just perfect. Rich and flavorful, but not terribly sweet. Fantastic! We will, without question, be regular customers here. This is how it's supposed to be done, people. If you don't try it for yourself, you are doing yourself a disservice. Simple as that.
My mother was from Germany so I grew up with a lot of German food in my life. I'm glad this place is so close. Everything I've tried from here is great!
Quaint European bakery with an old world feel.  We ordered a variety of pastries, lemon roll, almond twist, cherry strudel, chocolate croissant, cheese Danish, rum ball and chocolate coin - all were fresh and so good I'm sure they were baked with love.  Disappointed there was no seating to enjoy our coffee and goodies although it seemed there was adequate space to accommodate some small tables and a few chairs.  Also, the stiff coffee will put hair on your chest.  I give the German Bakery 5-stars in spite of the coffee and lack of seating because our pastries were perfect.
Lived in Germany many years and it was so fun to come across this bit of heaven. Gobbled up tons of comfort items to take home and create a German feast.  I loved the authenticity of the ladies speaking German to each other.   Definitely will be back again and again for a bit of comfort and home.  Danke Fräulein!
Items Selected:
Bear Claw
Bee Sting Cake
Pretzel Croissant
Apple Strudel
Almond Twist

Owned and operated by two of the most pleasant ladies I've yet to encounter in Las Vegas one would be hard pressed to name a more 'authentic' ethic destination in the city - Asian, European, Latin American, or otherwise.  Featuring a wide variety of baked goods and imports both sweet and savory straight out of Deutschland at prices representing a veritable bargain compared to many of the area's artisan bakeries it was plain on entry to the small shop that things were bound to be good when I heard staff and patrons communicating nearly exclusively in German and with no less than two dozen offerings available the only difficulties presented by German Bread Bakery was not ordering too much...eventually settling on a mere five selections at a total of $10.89.  Focused on the classics, particularly those most familiar to me growing up to a Hungarian-German heritage, it was with an apple strudel that my tasting began and reheated quickly in the microwave I'd strongly suggest others do the same, the result a light trickle of butter running from the flaky dough as fresh apples and light sweetness found balance in hefty cinnamon notes and delicate pastry.  Moving next to two almond options it was perhaps an effect of my 2pm arrival that the sole remaining bear claw was found to be a bit doughy though the frangipane was well utilized and moving on to the laminated layers of the almond twist I'd wager that no better exists in the city, a light glaze overlying toasted almonds as each shattering bite made a mess of my table and floor, a similar result found in the signature 'pretzel croissant' as buttery salted layers gave way to a soft crumb speckled with seeds and flavors harkening the Bavarian classic but ever more delicate.  Last but certainly not least, my final taste of German Bread Bakery on this day was the classic Bienenstich - a dish rarely found but always astounding when done well and in this case done perfectly with light vanilla pastry cream proving a marvelous balance to rich almond/honey/butter crunch topping all anchored by the yeasty yellow cake - a must order more than worth a trip to both fans and those (unfortunately) not yet familiar.
We had 4 things today. Cherry Danish, had great pastry but a little lacking on the cherry filling, which is of course what we wanted. Rebounded with Cherry crumb cake
. We got our cherries and then some. Have 2 pretzels for happy hour and made Obatzda for dipping. Should be good. Also got strudels fro my son in law, looked good but did not get to try
Amazing!
Love the pretzel rolls!  Also tried the cheesecake, black forest cake, and a cake with peaches on top.  Everything we had was good.  I was hoping to get some Danish but they were all gone.  The lady that helped me was very friendly.  Will definitely be back to try more goodies.
Genuine German bakery that never fails to serve great food.

I was out one day and needed something a little sweet and dropped in to see what's what.

First thing  when I walked in was an actual German family that works there, And greeted me with a smile. Second thing I noticed was the Bee-sting cake!!! This you'll see everywhere in all bakery's in Australia and Germany! I was really surprised to see it, so I purchased the whole cake!!! I know I'm Piggy but when you get something good, get all of it.


For sure one of the great family bakery's in Las Vegas
Bought a Dark Rye Bread and it was excellent. As far as the pastry and strudel goes, they were all made with magarine not butter.  I come from a long line of German bakers going back to my greatgrandfather my mother and aunts. They all used butter in their recipes which I've eaten all my life. I'm sure you would agree that your pastries would be so much better if they were made with sweet butter.
I don't want to give a good review because I don't want more people to find out about this place!

Even though we live way on the other side of town, will definitely be back  

I've been missing the light rye I grew up on. There was a German bakery back home that we went to regularly since I was a little kid. This bread brought back so many memories. I couldn't wait till the next morning to try it, and ended up eating 3 slices with butter before going to bed (after dinner and I wasn't even hungry!).  Wonderfully soft in the middle with a slightly chewy crust. Just perfect. 

Also tried their Black Forest roll and a Berliner. I love that German pastries aren't as sickly-sweet as most American pastries. They were both awesome. 

Service was amazing. The lady working there yesterday afternoon was very patient with us as we made our selections and asked a bunch of questions. 

I don't think I will wait for the next time we happen to be in the area to come back. 17 miles away but definitely worth the trip!!!
This place is a DREAM COME TRUE for anyone from the Northeast....They have the most AMAZING hard rolls.... yup, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside!!

We have also been enjoying there pretzels (rolls, sticks) they are great to eat alone, but we love them as hamburger bun and hotdog bun :)

Can't say enough about this place, GREAT people making GREAT bread!
Authentic German breads and pastries. Fresh wursts and butter in the cold case. Tasty little extras to buy. Reminds me of my grandmother every time I walk in :)
If you want real seeded bread and gr8 pastry, pretzels and German food stuffs, stop no further.  Can buy half loaves, day old and sample.  Best bread w/substance available.  Open everyday.  Get there early for best selections.
I've been here a few times but forgot to write my review. I would say everything I've tried here is excellent. Light, Flaky, Fresh, keys to excellent baked goods.
My girlfriend and I (who is German) stopped by here for breakfast yesterday. We were really excited because of the good reviews, and we figured this would be a great place to have around for when she misses home. 

The two woman working were from Germany and were so friendly! We talked with them for a little bit, alternating between German and English, and they even gave us tips about where to find other German items throughout Las Vegas. 

We ended up ordering two of their muffins which were really really good, and two Berliners which even though we ate half a day later (and they had sit in a hot car), they were delicious and fresh. 

We also got two cups of coffee which were great German quality, and we really enjoyed it. 

They also have some German groceries and candy, though the shelves were a little bare while we were there. However they told us a big shipment was coming in next week so they should have a lot more than. They have sauerkraut and haribo candy, and they also have those little Maggi sauce packets with recipes for making a dinner with it. We love those and are happy they're there! They also of course have a variety of wurst for sale. 

The biggest disappointment of this place is that they didn't have chairs and tables to sit down and eat breakfast. We were hoping this was more like a cafe, and that it would be our regular spot to enjoy a nice breakfast our snack in a cafe, but we found ourselves leaving and looking around to find a place to sit down. We ended up in the park down the road, but still. If they add tables and chairs, we would come a lot more frequently!
I came here because it was close to where I work and those who know me know that I love ethnic food establishments. This is a cute authentic bakery! If you have ever been to Germany, they have some delicious pastries! I had this pastry that was similar to a donut, it was delicious! I wish that I took a picture of it. One thing I would like to see is more savory food options.  I know that this is strictly a bakery, but I would like to see them add some lunchtime meal options, especially since they sell frozen German meat and other products in their freezer :)
I lived in Germany for 5 years... this place is legit.  I hadn't had a brötchen in 9 years... and it tasted just like I remembered. The other pastries we ordered brought back fond memories of the pastries we would have in Germany. Everything we bought was fantastic!! I can't wait to go back.  

Give this place a try if you want the "real deal" in German pastries and breads.
What a great discovery! Priced reasonably and the poppy seed coffee cake was better than grandmas.$5 for a dark rye loaf. Selection is larger in the morning. They also have authentic German sausages.
Being part Czech and German this hits home. I also have lived in Germany for 1 year so excited about this place. 

mon - wed they have a light selection of pastry the weekends thur - fri to sunday they roll out there full assortment witch includes croissants as well as other non week day afair. 

I got cherry strudel, apple one, and bear claw. 

The cherry strudel was packed with cherry filling light and crispy or flaky 

Apple was really good light and airy. yet to try bear claw lol .. 

Overall happy to learn about this place being so close they also make there own bread and have a really nice selection of bread pumpernickel etc. 

This is great weather you German or just like pastry stuff 

Very friendly and polite staff worth checking out   

This is mainly a go in and pick up joint.
I often travel to Vegas for business, to do work at our semi-secret data center.  There's not a whole lot of food choices in the vicinity, so we're always on the lookout for something new.

This trip, one of the local guys says "hey, there's a new German place that opened."  So we went to check it out.

We were greeting promptly by (I assume) one of the owners and then a waitress came up, with her ever so slight German accent telegraphing to me that yes, the food will be good.

Sure enough, it was.  A variety of Schnitzel graced our table, and even the West German burger ordered by one of our less adventurous coworkers looked awesome.

At the end of the meal, the chef came around to see how we liked it.  Then the owner told us about their catering menu, including their amazing strudel.  He brought us an end cut sample of strudel, and it was AMAZING.

If you're in Vegas to party, I don't think you'd make the trek out here, but if you're looking for authentic German food, or if you're local and live or work in the area, definitely check this place out.

The only thing I'd add would be some taps with German beer, but I bet that's in their plans.
On a bottom of a receipt it says: "Please come back!"
I'd like to come back sometime but I'll probably give it some time before 2nd attempt

I stopped by for a lunch and had a schnitzel entree. It came on a big plate with a meager serving of something resembling mashed potatoes put through the meat grinder. Meat was good although it seemed a little bit on a salty side.

Here are my observations:
It's lunch so I'd like to leave full (or almost) after my meal without chasing it with dessert :) So my advice is put 2 sides instead of one. Does it really cost that much extra for a dollop of sauerkraut? It probably doesn't but customer will leave full and happy (and will come back). 

Based on the average price of lunch in vicinity Cafer Berlin is the most expensive one. So I would suggest to put more effort in marketing (give discount to neighborhood businesses for example).
I came here on a whim with Don earlier today. When we were trying to go to another restaurant and found out Sunset doesn't connect to Valley View. We just entered the plaza and decided to eat at Cafe Berlin since neither of us has ever had German food before. When we entered the restaurant, there were absolutely no customers and there were three people at the counter talking to each other (waitress, possible owner, and another guy). The waitress quickly brought out menus for us and got our drink orders (coffee and Spezi. She was definitely German, she had a very heavy German accent and everything; it was pretty cool. 

I wouldn't say we really ordered authentic German dishes since I just got the daily special Gyspy Style Sausage w/ french fries ($6.50) and Don got The North German burger ($8.50) with a side of Spaetzle ($2.95), but they were still very good. My sausage really tasted homemade and had a lot of flavor and the french fries that came with it were cooked to perfection. Don's burger had beef chuck, garlic shrimp, tomato, lettuce, and coleslaw. The garlic shrimp were definitely an interesting, yet tasty, little add-on. 

While we were eating, the waitress came over and asked if we wanted refills, of course we said yes. However, I wish I hadn't because I ended up getting charged for every cup of regular coffee I got. I really bugs me when people charge per cup of REGULAR coffee. I would've gotten some other beverage, like Spezi, since that came bottomless. 

Aside from the coffee ordeal, I enjoyed this place. The waitress was very attentive and the food was appetizing.
Achtung! Achtung!
There's a new German deli in town.
The place is clean, small and simple in a small strip mall. We met some friends there on Monday at 6:30, we had some other friends that couldn't make it til 7. Little did we know, they close at 7, the staff was so nice, they never said anything, kept a smile on their face and kept serving us. I felt so bad after I had found out we kept them there late.
I had the Rahm Shnitzel, the portion was huge. It was cooked perfectly, not greasy. The gravy was yummy. The spaetzle was a bit crispy which I'm not use to but it was good. Doug go the West German burger with fries, he was happy with his meal. We saved room for some Apple Strudel, it was really good, the vanilla sauce on the side was killer, I could've eaten it like soup.
I'd be interested in trying their breakfasts or some of their fresh deli meat selections. They need to get a liquor license, a good German beer with some Brats would be great.
Donka Shane and Good luck Cafe Berlin.
Went there for schnitzel on 4/18/2012. It was very delicious.  The strudel which was just made was fabulous.

Be aware that they don't have a liquor license yet but you are more than welcome to bring your own and the shop right next to them sells beer.

Will definitely go again!
I lived in Germany two years as well as have back there (all in Southern Germany).  Cafe Berliner not only serves some of the most authentic German food in Las Vegas but very very tasty and filling with the price being right.  My wife and I had the Jaeger Schnitzel.  The mushroom gravy sauce was spot on, the cutlets properly tenderized and cooked.  The red cabbage was what I recall from my days in Germany and although the Spezi (German carbonated beverage) is a mix of American Coca Cola and Fanta Orange, it was close enough to bring back memories (German Coca Cola does not use as much sugar so its a lite beverage).   And Struedel with Vanilla cream was heavenly (we shared an apple struedel at the restaurant, took a cherry one home).  
Cafe Berlin is a winner...
I tried Cafe Berlin tonight after work. I did not know what to expect. I had never tried authentic German cuisine. I ended up enjoying it. I ordered Jaeger Schnitzle. The pork looked burnt at first but was perfectly cooked. Despite being smothered in a delicious mushroom gravy, it retained a certain crunchiness.  The spaetzl was a little off putting to me. Its taste was not unlike egg and starch. I ate it but I had to mix it with the gravy on my plate. The apple struedel was supurb. Very sweet though. The flakey chewieness with the crunch from the walnuts was great and the warm vanilla sauce was heavenly.

As for the restaurant itself, unimpressive yet redeeming. It is not full of the stereotypical Bavarian decor found in other establishments. It stays below that irritating status of kitch. The only thing German in the restaurant, other than the food, is a couple of German flags and empty bottles of Warsteiner beer on the tables. It is small and simple with good food and good service.

I hate to give 3 stars but with a poor location, lack luster ambience and higher price ($15+/person), I have to.  Still, I would like to go back a couple more times for sausage and burgers.
Ate there with friend May 11. They won't have their liquor license until a few weeks from now so they let us bring our own wine, corkscrew and glasses. (Very Germanically they follow the law precisely: they can't assist by loaning a corkscrew or bringing glasses, and they don't charge  a corkage fee.)

Our group had various schnitzels and sausages they make themselves. All very good. The portions are generous. The cherry strudel was outstanding. The schnitzel was extremely lean, the sausage not greasy but probably not recommended by your cardiologist. The native German in our group thought the food was very authentic.

The decor is almost non-existent, but the plus side of this is that the food is great, and served in generous portions are reasonable prices. 

The owner is German is you want to practice your German. 

In conclusion: Go there if you want authentic German meat dishes and German pastry. Don't go there to eat if you are not a carnivore and don't go there if the outing calls for a dining area that delights the eye.
great german food, lacking in any decor.  sausages were delicious and home made, as was the really yummy cherry strusel.  for dinner your choices are mainly schnitzels and sausage dishes. the portions were super nice sized for dinner and we had alot of left overs.  we will go back, but i hope they would at least put on a little background music or turn the tv volume on for futball.
I went there twice.......the first time shortly after they opened. The restaurant was half full and the food came out quickly and was tasty. I had the Zigeunerschnitzel with Spaetzle and it reminded me of back home.

The second time was three days ago and it seemed like they did not have a real chef because the food came out one at a time with very long time in between food coming from the kitchen almost as if each was cooked individually. This time the Spaetzle were a starchy, watery mess (way overcooked) not sure how somebody can screw this up. Interestingly enough the Cordon Bleu (pork) was burned around the corners and I had to work my way half way through the thing to get a bite of ham and cheese. definitely no comparison to my first visit here. I ended up being there for almost an hour.....

Pro
Cheaper than others in town
Friendly waitress

Cons
Food inconsistent
Very Slow 
you feel like eating in the middle of a warehouse (no decor)

After my second experience I will definitely not go back soon. The waitress actually told the owner that I was not too happy. You'd think she would come forward from behind the counter.....well think again, obviously there is no interest in what people think.
Good and authentic.  What it lacks in ambiance it makes up for with taste.   And yes the credit card machines are working again.   I'm an army brat who lived in Germany many years and the schnitzels and spaetzle took me back in time.  (Get it with rahm sauce).
This cafe was quiet and had good service, but thats not enough to get me back there or to get a better review. Im german but keep in mind that I have never had authentic German food. The food here tasted like frozen food... The fries were pretty much awful since they were like scraps, no more than an inch long... Is that authentic German fries..? maybe but just tasted like frozen french fries to me. My husband got the something cordon bleu chicken and that was blah. Only flavor to that was from the dry ham baked in. The breading on it tasted fishy. I got the braustburger. Not much to say about that, didnt taste much different from a regular burger. I will say it tastes worse when your burping it up a few hours later.... UGHH! I wouldnt be surprised if you go into their kitchen and their freezer is filled with everything they serve. The waitress was nice very soft spoken. Service was good, but we were the only ones in there at 5 in the afternoon so i suppose it should be... Decent prices but not for that food. I dont mind spending thirty bucks at a cafe/resturaunt but when the food is no good it just hurts me. I wanted to send it back after the second bite and leave... but that would have been rude.
I had been wanting to try this place after it came highly recommended by a friend, whose opinion I trust when it comes to food.
Upon first walking in I realized that the place was small and sparsely decorated, which did not bother me in the least.  When I go to a restaurant my main concern is quality of food first and cleanliness second, this place delivered on both accounts.
We went with friends and everyone was very pleased with their meals.  I had a  Jaeger schnitzel with brown mushroom gravy and spaetzle, which was not only a generous portion but very flavorful.  The rest of our party had schnitzels and sausage, all of which they were very pleased with.  We tried the apple streudel for desert, which the waitress said was made in house and it was very tasty.  This place is just starting out, but they are focusing on turning out good food and that is all I am really concerned with. Overall we were very pleased and can't wait to go back for more.
Cafe Berlin is located in a strip mall and is just south of Decatur. I arrived at lunch and ordered the bratwurst sausage which came with mashed potato and sauerkraut.

The sausage was lean and the server who was the owner was friendly and helpful. 

I really wanted to try the in house pastries but was to full this time but will definitely return here again.
Originally planned on going to Phat Prank's but saw this newer restaurant when I stepped out of the car. It's located in the same proximity as Phat Prank's, SinCity Burgers, and Popeyes, I believe a Hawaiian restaurant use to be there. 

For food their menu consist of various sausages, sandwiches/burgers, and dishes like Schweine Schnitzel "Wiener Art" and Cordon Bleu com Schwein. They also make strudels and other pastries.  I decided on the Bratwurst Burger, I believe it was a 1/2 lbs burger topped with sautéed onions. It was very delicious and juicy. It also came with some fries, all for $8.50. It seems like they use to have 4 burgers the North, South, East, and West Burgers but crossed it off their menu for the Bratwurst Burger.

They also have some Euro Cup soccer or football specials. My other friends went with the Bier Bratwurst Stadium Style with German mustard and fries, it looked good too. They said it tasted good.

Conversed with owners. They were very friendly and always checking on us. They've been open for about 2 month and still fine tuning their restaurant. Their son is handling all of the marketing and business aspects of the restaurant. He said they have lots of deals on yelp but I couldn't them, all good maybe next time.

There was a Euro cup game playing between Germany and Greece. When we came in it 1-0 Germany when we left it was 4-1 and Germany dominated, you're welcome LOL. It seems like a place that should service German beer too. At least they're working on getting their liquor license, so I can't wait for that.

There are a lot of seats and tables for dining. There's also large USA and Germany flags hanging on the walls with a flat screen tv.

Updated...I actually paid about $13 for my burger, fries, and water which is kinda price for what I got. So reduced from 4 to 3.
[recommended]:
Paulaner Hefeweizen
Warsteiner Pils
Wurstplatte
Jaeger Schnitzel
Apple Struddle

[comments]:
Best German food I've had since...well, since I was in Berlin.  I recommend the Wurstplatte, which includes 3 large sausages (Bier Bratwurst, Knockwurst, and Bockwurst), mashed potatoes, and sauerkraut.  My girlfriend had Jaeger Schnitzel, where they kindly substituted chicken for pork (The owner was very helpful).  Both tasted incredible and rich.  And of course everything washes down nicely with German beer.
Great food and friendly service!  I miss Germany now!
Sooo....when you go in, don't be scared...haha! I say that because the decor needs work, like it's totally bare.

BUT, when you get over it, it's just tasty. We've had the Knockwurst with the gravy (savory goodness) , mashed potatoes and sauerkraut and Grilled Knockwurst with the bun, and the Jaeger Schnitzel which hasn't disappointed yet. The sausages are cooked perfectly, good amount and actually, not really heavy as you would think. 

We eat here for lunch and continue to enjoy it. Ignore the common...do it German.
Great authentic food. Try it out. Very nice family!
Schnitzel and Cordon Bleu outstanding. Great Home Fried Potatoes, but was disappointed when the potato salad was a cold version. It was good, but had been wanting the good warm salad with vinegar and bacon. The Paulaner ad was just a decoration, only soft drinks... We will return to sample the menu one by one.
My only other experience with German food is Hofbrahaus. Eh, that's a lie, my only experience with Hobrahaus is their beer, ha. When I saw Cafe Berlin, I was excited to finally try some German food. 

Upon walking in, we were greeted and seated quite quickly. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful the whole time, so service gets an A plus. The food was really good, but I also don't have anything to compare it to and can't vouch for it's authenticity - although, I'm sure it is pretty authentic according to other reviewers. I also had the pleasure of having the strudel, which was a bit too sweet for my taste, but still delicious. 

It was a great experience, and I'll be sure to go back. Only four stars for not serving beer to eat with the delicious food.
The owner of this business taught me the most priceless lesson in managing a business and humility and sincerity. I'm still dumbfounded. I love to eat here because of the interesting and unique food, the german experience, the great local business people that can almost always be found eating here and the heartfelt way it is managed. No chain, no system, just local excellence. Thank you for taking the awful risks involved with opening a business in this climate and dealing with some of the awful customers that can just walk in any time they feel like it. You're one of my heroes.
I enjoyed the food. Taste great, nice portions, and good quality. The decor could use some help though not very comfortable or relaxing but I still will return.
Having grown up across the street from a small family owned German deli in the suburbs of Chicago, and going to college in Milwaukee while working right next to the Usinger's sausage factory, I've come to realize that there's nothing quite as amazing as a real traditional German bratwurst!

Although I ended up giving the Zigeuner Schnitzel a try, and was extremely pleased, I had buyer's remorse after the delivery of my colleageus' bier bratwursts!

The quaint ambiance could use a little more to add to the vibe, but it wasn't necessary with the awesome staff taking orders in heavy German accent, and the delicious food.  Why fake it with a bunch of lederhosen and collectible steins.  If I really want that I'll visit that other extremely annoying place with mediocre mass produced food.

I like this place...and I think Grandma will love it too!
went for lunch...  food very good and obviously made-for-order. BUT portions a little skimpy for the price ($9.95) for single cutlet (Jaeger or Rham Schnitzel) with spaetzle. Could maybe use a side of red cabbage or German potatoe salad to beef up the plate. We both left a little hungry. Plain setting, very cordial service.
I wish there was a way I could give this place more stars, IT IS THAT GOOD!!  My Husband & I went there last night for our belated anniversary dinner.  His family is German & I grew up in Germany, so we did have rather high expectations walking in the door. 

Nothing could have made our dinner any better!  Everything was amazing; we ended up sharing everything we ordered.  The pretzel is a MUST.  The nurenberger  plate came with 3 wurst, sauerkraut, and mashed potatoes.  YUMMMO!!  the jagerschnitzel with homemade spatzle was to die for!  By this point, we are completely stuffed.  However, there was strudel calling our names.  We ordered the cherry strudel.  AMAZING! Seriously amazing.  

Cafe Berlin was hands down the absolute best German food we have had outside of Germany.
Took way too long.  We waited over an hour for our food- the fryer broke then some how our food got mixed up.  We watched quite a few people arrive, eat and leave even before we had food!!
Earlier this year, we fell for currywurst, the ultimate street food, at a fantastic place in Hollywood called Berlin Currywurst. It left us wishful for a comparable place near home. 

I heard about Cafe Berlin on the west side near Decatur/215. We recently stopped in for dinner. We were warmly greeted and led to a table for two. My husband had currywurst with potato salad and I could resist the comfort of Jägerschnitzel and spaetzle. Food was served timely. The currywurst wasn't appealing to the eye, but I couldn't wait to dig into the schnitzel. 

The schnitzel was delicious. Better then Cafe Heidelberg and world's better than Hofbräuhaus. Tender pork, crisp breading, creamy mushroom sauce. It could've only been better washed down with a full stein. Hopefully, they'll get their liquor license soon.

Now, the currywurst, on the other hand, wasn't up to par. The sauce itself was quite good, but the sausage? It was terribly fatty. The texture was very unpleasant. After a few bites we could eat no more. Fortunately, the schnitzel was enough for two. 

We were a bit bummed we came up empty on the currywurst, but it was nice to find a well prepared schnitzel.
Is just absolutely incredible, one of very few places in town you feel welcome and the staff is enjoyable to talk to!

I came later in the day, the service was incredible and food very tasty. I would recommend to anyone who has or has not tried German cuisine!
They are working diligently on their liquor license! Let's support them and keep them in town!
Great, authentic German comfort food! The staff is courteous & friendly! I went there Saturday night and they even had a live accordion player. Excellent!!!
We've ate at Café Berlin twice now and have find the food to be scrumptious. After Café Heidelberg shut down, we were worried about finding authentic German cuisine in Vegas, but Café Berlin delivers. The decor is bare bones at this point, but the schnitzel is divine and the fresh pretzels are superb! So far, we've tried the jaegerschnitzel and the rahmschnitzel- perfection on a plate. Definitely go!
It's all about the schnitzel, baby!  We got the Jaegerschnitzel which the menu described as "two tender 'Hunter Style' breaded pork cutlets topped with our secret mushroom gravy and served with fresh house spaetzle.".  Man oh man was this fantastic.  The cutlets were big and very juicy.  The spaetzle was excellent too.    

We also got the "Wurstplatte" which was a sausage sampler that came with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut consisting of two of each of their 3 homemade sausages.  Interestingly enough, my favorite was my wife's least fave.  I really enjoyed the "bockwurst" which was their white sausage flavor the best, she preferred the beer bratwurst.  No problem then..more for me!  

The apple streudel on display looked damn good so we got one of those too.  I really liked the doughyness of it.  

I am holding out on 5 stars til they get a liquor license and I can guzzle some steins of beer with their delicious food.  Anybody out there in Yelpworld got some pull?  The owner said she's been waiting for 9 months already.  

They also have a dinner buffet the first Saturday of every month.  Count on us being there Dec 1st!
Oh my god was this a great find.  We were coming into town late in the evening and were very hungry.  We wanted to avoid the strip and get to our hotel. My wife is a German enthusiast and spotted this place in a little strip mall. Long story short it was some of the best German food I have ever had.
I have been going to Cafe Heidelberg for about 25 years and was so disappointed when they closed. For my mom's birthday, I decided I  would try Cafe Berlin since she loves German food. I am sorry, but I have no idea if everyone commenting on this place was served different food than we were. My mom got the Rahm schnitzel which she said was just "ok." The cream gravy was very thick. I had the Cordon Bleu vom Schwein schnitzel which was very dry. No bread, soup or salad comes with these $17.00 entrees either. The spaetzle was tasteless and the red cabbage was awful. We were not offered dessert and because they just got their liquor license and had no beer or wine yet, we brought in our own bottle of wine (which we were handed a bottle opener to open ourselves) Let's not forget to mention the fact that gnats were flying around the entire time. I spent four years in Germany, Oberammergau to be specific, saying this place is authentic is a joke!!!!
Café Berlin is a very nice, comfortable diner for a variety of German bratwursts and schnitzels! Yes, German beer and wine, too! Go enjoy!

LONG VERSION: 
- It's a medium size, bright, comfortable café/diner with family style atmosphere; located in a small plaza by a gas station and Popeyes. 

It has an impressive lunch and dinner menu [See Pics] with several choices of bratwursts and schnitzels; along with a few kinds of German beers and wine by the bottle.

I went there for late lunch around 2:30pm on a Tue, it was understandably not too crowded, with only 3 tables of customers there. The owner was working all alone by herself, from taking/bringing out orders to bussing tables and manning the register! She was very friendly and helpful, chatting up with customers, to some of them in German. I take that as a sign of a place for good genuine German food!

I had a Nuenberger bratwurst sandwich with sauerkraut and grilled onions ($8.99), and a bottle of dark beer ($4.99). The bratwurst was grilled to perfection with somewhat cripy skin outside and juicy and flavorful inside, tasty in every bite. The grilled onions added wonderful aroma and taste. The sauerkraut had the right acidity I liked, but was a bit overcooked. The mustard came in a small squeeze bottle. It did not have any special taste. So, I decided to do without it on my bratwurst. The bottle of dark beer, Warsteine, was excellent, though on the expensive side.  I wish Café Berlin would eventually serve draft beers! I also had coffee, which was hot enough, but pretty weak.

Overall, I enjoyed my lunch experience very much, and will go back with friends to sample some more good stuff from their large selection of wursts and schnitzels. I'll update my review after that.

I am very happy that we now have two places in Vegas, where we can get some good genuine German cuisine. Dita's is a fast food place where its German dishes are good but limited to only bratwurst, $4 and currywurst, $6. Café Berlin, on the other hand, is a very nice family restaurant/café, which offers a good selection of wursts and schnitzels (at much higher prices, of course), as well as German beer and wine! So, take your pick to suit your mood of the moment.

A few KIND NOTES to Café Berlin management:

1. A WISH:
 - PLEASE start having "Happy Hour" soon with small sampler plates, over German "draft" beers? Well, I said it was a WISH!

2. MINOR CRTICISM:
- The mustard bottle with my bratwurst order was almost empty, DIFFICULT to squeeze anything out. I think a good restaurant needs to pay more attention to details like that.

- The lady owner gave some holiday cookies at the end of our meals - a very nice touch for the holidays! So I even ordered coffee for that. But, the owner never did ask if I needed a coffee refill (- the coffee is listed as "bottomless" on the menu). Perhaps, the owner really did not normally wait on tables. She did it that day was possibly ONLY BECAUSE her regular waitress was NOT on duty?
- Yes, I know those are very minor stuff, but minor stuff like those could sometimes put customers off. If the restaurant do it right, such as offering customers coffee refills and asking how the meals are, it will make customers feel welcome and special. 

Peterskis3, Dec 2012
I have to admit the food here is very delish, and they can substitute and Schnitzel with chicken too. I recommend the jager shnitz with chicken substitute... so dang good. The strudel is good but too pricey for the amount you get. Everything I have eaten here has been good and under $15. I will definitely come back.
Stopped by here at lunchtime on a Saturday. They open 4p-9p, but the owner was getting into her car & stopped to chat. She mentioned their Saturday night buffet. We decided to try it even tho' we had been at the Hofbrauhaus the night before.
 
We were glad we returned - food was great!  We got a lot more variety of food, beverages & an apple strudel to share for the same price as the previous night.  The owners checked with us during the meal, refilled non alcoholic beverages & exceeded our expectations. Both were happy to answer questions & converse between assisting other diners.

The 4 Star rating is because there wasn't a 4.5. As some others mentioned, there isn't a lot of ambience other than German music playing (low enough not to interfere with our conversation - a problem the night before at dinner even before the band started playing). If the public can help keep their business going, I expect they will add to their decor. Check in February when they have their 1 year anniversary. Cafe Berlin should not be kept a secret -- it was great --  we plan to return ASAP!  (We live out of town)
I am a new fan!

While skiing in Germany and the Swiss Alps last year I consumed copius amounts of Radler beer (half beer/half lemonade) and yummy spaetzle. I was surprised to find Cafe Berlin here in Vegas and was very pleasantly surprised to find that their Radler and spaetzle brought me right back to my Europe ski vacay.

The staff was very warm and welcoming. I will definitely be back soon :)
We always ate at Cafe Heidelberg when we visited Las Vegas.  To our disappointment, last week, we found out Cafe Heidelberg had closed.  We researched other German restaurants in the area.  Cafe Berlin popped up, and we gave it a try.  Welcomed by the very nice owners.  I ordered the Schweine Schnitzel (my favorite), sauerkraut and tried the potato salad.  Schnitzel was great, as was the sauerkraut.  The cold potato salad did not thrill me.  We ate there 2 days out of the 7 we were in Vegas.  My husband tried the Bier Brats and spaetzle and also the next day tried the Wurstplatte.  All were excellent.  I also order, the 2nd time we visited, spaetzle with onion and swiss cheese.  It was awesome.  Being of German heritage, I love my sauerkraut and was not disappointed by this restaurant.  This will be on our stop every time we visit Vegas!
In the words of of Dumb and Dumber.." just go man". 
You've gotta try this place. So cool!! I'm bringing our friends here next time. The pretzel with mustard was piping hot with salt on top, the beer was good, i had the jager schnitzel- TO DIE FOR!! my BF had the Brats and sausage plate (cant remember the name) But his was great too!  Service is excellent, perfect for a little date night or escape to Berlin : )
EXCELLENT !!!!!! Real food. Delightful staff. Had a sampler platter for two. Yummy. Reasonable prices. Will definitely return.
Since the Heidelberg closed we were looking for another German Restaurant. The Hoffbrau House is noisey and has a limited menu. Cruising through Yelp we spotted Cafe Berlin and decided to give it a try after reading the reviews. 
The reviews are correct!
I had the Jaeger schnitzel with Hunter gravy. For lunch. I could have eaten two of them! It was so good I didn't want it to end. The Dinner menu gets you two schnitzels for a few dollars more than the lunch menu. Order off the Dinner menu!  It was excellent!!! My partner had the sausage plate. He's going back for more!
Also had the Apple Strudel for dissert. Excellent. Baked on premises.
I cannot begin to say how nice it is to have a place in town where you can enjoy traditional German food without having to endure all the Bavarian kitsch that it usually comes with.  

I've eaten here a few times and have absolutely no complaints (other than the fact that they are no longer offering a few items that look very tasty). The staff is friendly, courteous, and accommodating. As far as the food, I can personally vouch for, and heartily recommend, the Bier Bratwurst and the Wiener- and Zigeunerschnitzel (pan friend pork cutlets, the latter served with sautéed peppers and onions). The Currywurst (bratwurst served with a curry ketchup) tastes just like it did from the street vendors of Mainz when I lived there and having it again brought back memories of stumbling into the late-Imbiss for one with Pommes after being shooed out of some Kneipe at 3.00 in the morning. 

And always get the strudel...it's made fresh daily and it's delicious.

As far as the decor goes, it is a little spartan at the time of this writing. But one gets the impression when eating there that it is a work in progress and they are slowly putting together the restaurant a little at a time. When they do get all the pieces in place, their liquor license comes through, and the taps installed, Cafe Berlin (already a great spot) is going to be a real neighborhood gem. 

I've already got this place set aside as my World Cup 2014 home!
Friends from Virginia and various places in California come together on our annual visit to Las Vegas for German food.  We were saddened our favorite German restaurant was closed, but found an authentic and delicious new menu at Cafe Berlin.
The Gulasch soup was outstanding.  Other menu items we enjoyed included Jaeger schnitzel, Nuerberger rostbratwurst, breaded pork cutlets sautéed w/gravy and sausage at its best.
The owners were very warm and welcoming, and the restaurant was bright and cheerful. It has become out annual 'must visit' restaurant in Las Vegas!
Yum! My husband lived in Frankfurt for 6 years and loves German food. We went here to satisfy a craving for schnitzel. We had the Rahm schnitzel and Jaeger schnitzel. I loved it and most off all he  did too. The owners were very personable and gave great service! We will be back.
At the urging of a friend we stopped in here Wednesday at about 2:30 PM. It is part of a small Gas Station Strip Mall. Very unassuming and quiet looking outside at the front. Walking in we could see a clean looking, open dining area, with a cheerful Hostess / Wait Person who greeted us and took us to a nice table.

The dining room is surprisingly big. It is open, clean, friendly, and has an almost cafeteria style design to it.

German and American beers are available in big glasses so you can Gage the color. The heavy thick head on the cold German beer is inviting and the aroma is very full bodied. 

The menu has a number of German style items to choose from along with a special available. There are Sausages (Wursts)  with very wonderful looking sides of pan fried potatoes, mashed potatoes, sauteed onions, sauerkraut, red cabbage, etc. There is also a sandwich board in the menu that looks like a fine way "handle" your lunch. Then the menu describes some very flavorful sounding pork schnitzel platters and a pork or chicken cordon bleu

The menu touts  very nice Vegetarian selections both hot and cold. 

Finally, to insure that no one is left out there is a Kid's menu that allows them to also try these delights.

We opted for the Rollentini Special. Wonderful beef  roll up with spices and a pickle spear in the middle. There was a potato dumpling and red cabbage as sides. The rollentini and the dumpling came with an unbelievable tasty sauce that insured this presentation will be ordered by us again.

We finished our meal by splitting a piece of "home made" cherry strudel that was so good be ordered another piece of cherry and a piece of apple to take home.

Bottom line: Clean, flavorful ethnic food, good service. We will be back soon.
Wow! Yum! First time here. Stumbled upon this place while heading south out of town. Shared the wurst plate and spatzle with gravy. More than enough for two for lunch. The sausages are made in house and were seasoned perfectly, not too salty. Spatzle were made into a finer dumpling than I'm used too (having lived in Bavaria) but also very good. Owners are German and Germans were amongst the diners--which is a sign of a authentic experience. Wish we lived closer and could come more often.
My wife is German & is always looking for a traditional, authentic German restaurant. This is it for Las Vegas. It's truly authentic, delicious & friendly staff. Good prices too.
I ordered the Beir brat, and it was awesome! I just wish the sausage was bigger. So be sure to order an extra for 2.99. My date ordered the jaeger schnitzel, that was delicious too.
We came in for lunch with a $20 Yelp Deal.  The restaurant was located on W Sunset Rd/S Decatur Blvd in a gas station strip mall in Las Vegas.  There is a partition in front of the bathroom door.

The server gave us the dinner menus and he did not ask for our drink order..  The prices were really expensive.  My friend went up to the counter and asked if they had lunch menus.  There was one other couple having lunch.

A female server took our order.  My friend ordered the Schweine Schnitzel and I ordered the Bockwurst.  Another couple walked in and sat behind us.

The female server came out of the kitchen and served  the couple behind us 25 minutes after we sat down.  They did not recognized what they had ordered.  The server went to the window at the kitchen and talk to the chef.  I heard her say she gave the food to the wrong table.  

She never came back to our table to appologize or offer us a free appetizer or beverage while we waited for our lunch.  How could she server the other couple our food!?

The male server brought us our food about 9 minutes later.  He did not say anything about the mix up either.

The Bockwurst was tasty.  The fried potatoes had pieces of crisp bacon.  The red cabbage was okay.

The Schweine Schnitzel was breaded.  There was no sauce or anything on it.  The  scoop of German potato salad was served cold.

The male server asked if we saved room for dessert.  My friend mentioned the mix up and asked for a free strudle.  He only offered us one.  

The Apple Strudle was served heated with a side of whipped cream and unsweeted cream in a dish.  It was the best part of the meal, but did not make up for the attitudes of the servers.
Yes it is true we came here on a yelp deal, we all need to save a few $ now and then, unfortunately the whole meal went out of whack.. The female server gave us menu for dinner, not lunch, and I did go up to get the correct ones.. it was early and really not so busy for lunch, we did get asked what kind of drink, we just ask for water, I am not much of a beer drinker... We ordered and was not offered any suggestions, the female server, possible owner and host was not friendly, no smile, just dull.. Anyway there was a mix up on our food and we never really got an apology from the staff??? And when we did get it, it was tasty-  4 stars to the chef... 
 I might go back, but it will be awhile, maybe with my German friend Inge from Canada...
We lived in Chicago for ten years and had access to awesome German food.  My husband have lived in Las Vegas for a few years and have been searching for a great German restaurant.  This one is it!  We dined here today and thoroughly enjoyed our experience there.  We ordered the sausage plate, red cabbage, german potato salad, apple streudel.  It was all very delicious.  The staff there are very friendly, helpful and attentive.  I will be back to the Cafe Berlin soon!
Very delicious Getman pretzles.
Did someone tell them that since there are very few German restaurants in Vegas that it was ok for them to serve average at best food and pass it off as authentic and delicious?

The tenant space that this place occupies leaves one wondering WTF is going on. This must have been the least expensive tenant improvement in restaurant history. Kitschy travel agency posters in frames, beverage provider banners stating we now sell beer hung inside and unfinished door archways.

The Schnitzel was ternderized/hammered out, but still could be thinner and was fried properly, but you're limited to only pork or chicken. They may want to think about adding veal to the list. I recommend getting one with a sauce, as it will help you get through the monotony. The German potato salad is edible with its mustard/mayo/dill/bacon flavors, but the presentation is odd; served on lettuce and garnished with cucumber and cherry tomatoes. 

The  Spaetzle was tepid and bland. The cream for the strudel is out of the can. 

Communication at this restaurant is needs improvement as no one checked in on our meal.

The highlight of the experience was that they serve beer and of course the complimentary flavored after dinner chocolates.
I am so happy to have found this place for German food. I have had the Brats, soft pretzel, sauerbraten, Jaeger Schnitzel, Spaetzle, and both Apple & Blueberry strudel. I can't decide what my favorite is yet, they are all very good. Our server was excellent, i had the same lady help me the 2 times i was there and she is super nice. Highly recommend eating here if you have a craving for German food & drink. Nice authentic dishes and reasonable prices too.
Place ain't cheap but was totally delicious and did indeed remind me of my days in Berlin. Not to mention the staff have really thick but awesome German accents.

I am a spätzle fiend so order that as a side no matter what. If you're new to German food, just get Bockwurst (a white sausage). It's safe and good in my opinion. This will probably run you around $20 ~ not cheap by Vegas standards but this should be normal for anyone visiting from NYC, SF, or even LA.

Don't let the ghetto ambiance fool you. The food here is phenomenal! I should try coming back for lunch when the prices seem more affordable, albeit the portions might be significantly smaller.
Delicious food, friendly service.

The Jaeger Schnitzel (schnitzel covered in mushroom gravy w/spatzle) was fantastic.  $11 for lunch.

Highly recommended!
Authentic, delicious German food!!!  Plus, the service is excellent!!
This place was  great  for lunch, I worked in the area , try the brauts
I was happy to hear of a new German restaurant (or new to me) and wanted to try it out.  I hadn't planned on being in the area for lunch, but it worked out well.  I walked in somewhat wondering how it was going to compare to the real thing, and was pleasantly surprised to be welcomed by the wonder aroma of delicious food being prepared!

I had a hard time deciding between the Rouladen and Jaegerschnitzel, but since most places at least try to offer Jagerschnitzel I went with the Rouladen.  I was impressed with the flavor and quality of the dish.  The spaetzl was a little over done for me, but the cabbage and the Rouladen were near perfect.

The decor is a little sparse and the beer selection was almost non-existent so that reduced the star rating some.  I was more surprised by the cost, as for a small lunch plate and a beer was $22.00...and that WAS the special!  I am glad the food was as good as it was, or I wouldn't even consider going back.  I did however like the fact that most everyone in the restaurant at the time was or spoke German.  I did get the feeling I was sitting in a small town restaurant in Germany again.  If they like and approve of the food... then who am I to not give it another try.  This time I will use the Yelp deal I saw AFTER I checked in! LOL
Best German food around! I visit here often for lunch. I've had almost everything on the menu, each dish better then the last. It's not the cheapest place around but it's worth every penny. Don't be fooled by the appearance either. If you have an itch for the best authentic German food around you must let Café Berlin scratch it.
We always have a good meal here.  Service during the lunch hour was pretty good.  Our group had the Ziguener Schnitzel, the Rouladen, and the vegetarian Spaetzle and mushroom sauce.  All were good and they had no problem with substitutions that were requested.

We took advantage of a Yelp coupon as well.
A really nice place to go. Not noisy or crowded like Hofbrauhaus. Really miss Cafe Heidleberg, always took my dad there when he visits, but glad that we found this place now. Family-owned, just came here from Germany a year ago. Food is authentic and good. Decent portions and friendly service. I will take my dad there whenever he visits!
This place is amazing! I have had my fair share of good German food this place tops it all! Good German beer, great coffee, food was beyond words, and they have the best home made strudel I've ever had! Ganz Erstaunlich!
A little bit pricey for what you actually receive with an $8 sausage sandwich. I was expecting more for my money besides a sandwich and pickle. I don't think I would go back because I was not satisfied with what I received for my money. Also, the service was ok; the host was more interested in using his computer than paying attention to his guests. It didn't reflect much on my for my first time visit.
Very nice little German restaurant! I usually don't come down to this area, but since I was in the neighborhood I stopped by here cause I heard so much about it.

The place is quiet and the waitress is nice, she was quick to take our order and the food came out fast. My friend had some pasta from the vegetarian menu and a side of potatoes (warning, the potatoes have bacon in them so if you're a veggie, make sure you request them without!) I had the platter that had two different types of sausage, mashed potatoes, and sauerkraut.

Super good and pretty decent pricing. Not to mention they have german beer (a winner!) I would definately go back here if I was ever in this part of town again.
Gah! STRUDEL!!
But I digress... This place is so quaint and the waitress so adorably German you just want to hug the life out of it. My friend and I came here after she got her windows tinted, and she was in the mood to be German.

She got a platter of sausage, mashed potatoes and sauerkraut; I got the Spaetzl with cheese and a side of pan fried potatoes.

The waitress was really fast and the food came out hot and quick- but my taters had bacon in them. I had no idea they would, and when I asked for a new plate sans bacon she took it back and gave me a new one. YAY! The sides do not say what they are clearly, so ask just in case.

The Spaetzl was so yummy and fresh, and very good with the cheese (you can get it with meatless sauce as well, but cheese is better!) My friend devoured her plate, including the sauerkraut which she hated as a kid.

Then we got STRUDEL!!!! GAAAHHHHH I love strudel! They have three types: Blueberry, Cherry and Apple, and they come with whipped cream and vanilla sauce. SO FRICKEN GOOD! 

Prices were moderate, and it seems they have a German Buffet here once a month- where you can have ALL YOU CAN EAT STRUDEL!
Got a 10%off coupon on Yelp. Showed it to the server she told me to hit redeem and that Yelp will do the rest. Honey it doesn't work that way you need to give me the discount. Didn't even bother to say anything just took the 10% out of her tip.

I would give this a 5 star because the food is great.  However the service is lacking. We picked out our table and waited 20 minutes for someone to approach us, there was only two other tables in the place.  The server was more anxious about the party of 25 that was coming.  

Get the Rahm Vienerschnitzel and the Strudel.
We didn't go here on the yelp deal but we did stay at a Holiday Inn Express last night! When you first walk in, it doesn't really remind you of anything you have seen in Germany, except for the German lady working there!

We sat down and ordered a Hefe-weizen which was served in the correct glass; something unusual for this area. We ordered the jaeger schnitzel and chicken cordon bleu. Both dishes were cooked to perfection and served with a side of spaetzle that reminded me of Germany! For dessert, we ordered the cherry strudel with fresh crème. It was also excellent and very filling. Our bill came to about $85.00 for 3 people - probably a little more than you would pay at an ordinary café but the portions were huge and the food quality was excellent. Thumbs up!
The food is great and very reasonable.  We will be back !
If you want authentic German food, eat here!! Great German pretzels!!! Great apple strudel. I feel like I just landed in Germany!!! I could eat here everyday. The chef came out and made sure we were happy with his work.
Great food, had the schnitzel just like the Berlin cafes when I visited there.  Great service and authentic food!!  Definitely will be going back often.
Cafe Berlin has authentic German food. A rarity in Las Vegas and worth supporting. We need more places like this that focus on getting the cuisine right. Come for a hearty satisfying meal that you might find in any  German a household. This is a good thing. The Jaeger Schnitzel is excellent and I found myself scraping every last bit of sauce up with the side of spatzle. I'll be back!
Let me ask you something, have you actually had german food?  If you answered yes or no, you need to come here for that nice reminder or that nice introduction to german food!!  I had the Cordon Bleu vom Schwein and it was excellent!  And i just finished my strudel and it was delightful!  Now that they are open on sunday i will be coming here more often.
We had the Jeager schnitzel and it was nothing like what we had in Germany.  It wasn't bad, pork pounded out, breaded and fried, but the gravy, although it was good was sparse and just mushroom gravy, not a hunter sauce and the mushrooms seemed canned.  The service was not good, not horrible but lacking.  For the price we thought if not a salad we would at least get some bread.  But no, schnitzel and spatzle with a little gravy.  We did take a piece of  strudel home and it was pretty good but the vanilla sauce was awful.  Not sure why this place has such high ratings.  We thought it was overpriced and just passible.
Awesome place. Appears to be family owned. The Wurstplatte was insanely good.
Finally Tried this place out! It is quite tasty!!!
This place is quite amazing. Lets start when I first walked into the cafe, quaint and clean. That's how I like my restaurant. Guy behind the counter said pick where ever you want to sit. Thumbs up, even better. Sit towards the back of the restaurant. Waiter comes out to give us the menu, small chitchat, he takes our drink orders. We look over the menu, classic German fair (schnitzel, sausage, etc) I ordered the Jaeger Schnitzel and a side of Red Cabbage. While waiting for my food, (enjoying a Warsteiner Pilnser on tap!!) I took notice to all the decor. The German flags, the US flag and all the Berlin posters was a real nice touch of ambiance. The waiter came over to check on us numerous times to see how we were doing. Then he brings the food out. GOOD GOD! Talk about a feast for the gods, my schnitzel was cooked perfect. The gravy that come on it was also perfect. Flavorful and delicious! The red cabbage was also cooked to perfection. Takes me back to when I was a child, eating German food with my family. After I was done with my entree, I had to order the strudel (apple) and wow, it was amazing. Talk about putting the cherry on the sundae. It was a perfect ending to an amazing meal. I will be recommending this place to everyone I know. I fully and whole heartily hope this place does well. I will be visiting this place as frequently as I can. I hope everyone gets to have the same experience as I do.
The food was excellent. Our group was having a hard time selecting entrees (they all sounded good), and our server offered a sampler platter that was not on the menu. The portions were ample, and we enjoyed everything on the platters. The strudel is also a must-have after dinner.
Since the Cafe Heidelberg closed, we had to find a new place for German food in Vegas. We've been to Hofbrauhaus before and were disappointed. We were hoping the Cafe Berlin would meet expectations for decent German food. We were pleasantly surprised because it EXCEEDED our expectations. My husband ordered the Jaegerschnitzel and I ordered the Rahm Schnitzel. Both were delicious! The schnitzels were a crispy, golden brown on the outside while moist and tender inside. The sauces were full of flavor but not too heavy and the spaetzl...mmmmm...nothing but fresh, buttery goodness. We finished our meal with a cherry streudel that was fabulous! it came with whipped cream and a subtle vanilla sauce that was so tasty I used my spoon to slop up what was left! They have an all you can eat buffet on the first Saturday of every month...needless to say, we plan to go back so we can try EVERYTHING!
Ok I don't know where to begin... I guess the beginning. I was brought here with great intentions for a great night with someone who knows German food. That's the best part of the experience! 
The place was empty and the server was nice and attentive but not anything special. I had asked for a specific salad dressing and he had told me they don't have it when they did. I had also said no onions and they were still on there. 
The iced tea was watered down or something as tasted very bland. There were only pork protein options except one dish. I don't typically eat pork except ribs so I got the one meat dish. The sauerbraten was very fatty meat but the part I did have was good in a nice sauce. The bread we got was skimpy, no rolls like in the picture and it was stale rye bread. His jaeger schnitzel was good as I had a few bites but I liked my sauce better. The spaetzle was also bland but looked like it should have so much more flavor. his beer also came in a liquor glass... Seemed odd but maybe a cultural thing and didnt seem to be the amount of beer stated on menu. The 6-10 bites of food I had was decent hence the two stars. Also if I ate more pork it might have been different... The only other German restaurant I went to at least had chicken options or something. The only chicken had ham with it and the waiter said couldn't make without it as already done. 
Now I have a sweet tooth... Apple pie is one of my favorites... However the picture of the strudel didn't seem appetizing as 80% pastry and 20% apple. Oh well saved me the calories. Maybe German isn't my thing, maybe just an off day and I should keep an open mind and give one more try, but with all the restaurants out there I like and that I haven't tried yet, it will not be a rush back.
This is the absolutely hands down best German food in Vegas! If you haven't been here yet, you should come try it out!
Aside from the occasional bratwurst I've never really had German food. Heck, I didn't even decide I liked beer until the last few months. However, once I spotted this place and saw that it was managing to stay open despite a less than stellar location I was intrigued. The reviews on Yelp were positive so I put it on our to do list. My husband lived in Germany for a few years as an Army brat and always raved about the food so he was an easy sell. We finally dined there this past Saturday and it did NOT disappoint!
I called dibs on the Jaegar Schnitzel and since we never like to be "matchy matchy" in our choices he went with the Wurstplatte to get a taste of their main sausages. Meal wasn't quick to come out but I am pretty forgiving of this at mom-and-pops, especially when the food comes out hot and tasty. Check and check.
This is NOT the place for you if you aren't into pork, breading and starches with nary a green in sight.  Also not the place for you if you are looking for lederhosen and atmosphere. This IS the place for you if you are looking for delicious food and pleasant service. Really, truly yummy, and my husband said my Schnitzel had a flavor he had been craving for more than 30 years. (and no, he doesn't say that to ALL the girls...)
We are early eaters and arrived around 4:30. At that hour we are very often the sole diners even in super popular places, so we were surprised that a few tables were already occupied. It was positively jumping by 5:30. An accordion player was pumping out oompah and other assorted tunes, which I loved, always having had an inexplicable fondness for the instrument. We will absolutely be back. It's only been 3 days but I'm kinda craving it already.
Hands Down Best German Food in Vegas! This place is the real deal! I always stop here every time I'm in Vegas for business. If you love authentic food than this is the place for you. The Jäger Schnitzel is amazing!
This place is great. It's unfortunate that it took me so long to come here. It definitely met or surpassed our expectations. Great food. Friendly staff. For more detail

Food:
We ordered the jaeger schnitzel, the curry wurst and finished with a cherry strudel. The curry wurst was a grilled sausage with a German curry sauce (for those who have never had it, it's kind of like a ketchup with less complex sugars and more taste) and it was good. But the jaeger schnitzel was phenomenal and definitely lived up to the recommendations. It had the perfect crisp and yet was still a succulent chop. Not to mention the mushroom gravy that it is served. Though we were pretty much full we still went for the cherry strudel and it was also amazing. 

The portions are pretty decently sized and though it's not designed for family-style eating, many of the dishes are easy to share and I would encourage you to do so.

Also, when we can, I really wanna try their buffet....*Homer Simpson voice* mmmm.....sausage buffet

Drink:
Besides your standard fare of soft drinks they have beer. Now, while they do not have a wide variety of beers, what they do have are good German choices. We went with the Warsteiner Dunkel, a good beer in it's own right, and a great compliment to the dishes. 

Atmosphere:
We went sort of near closing time so it was pretty empty. It was lavish with decorations, and still had the looks of a simple shop, but it still felt homey (to me anyways). It can, however, accommodate large groups. 

Staff:
Our server was very friendly and was helpful as much as possible. Since, as I noted, we went near closing and it wasn't that busy, I cannot comment how service is during a rush. But, I was pleased with their aim to please and I am willing to bet their service doesn't falter when they get busier. 


Overall, the quiet little spot delivers on great food and for sure, I will be coming here again.
Last night my husband and I brought our four-year-old to Cafe Berlin, and it was a hit with all three of us.

My husband had the jaeger schnitzel, which I also wanted, but to get more of a variety I ordered the rahm schnitzel, and I'm glad I did! My son ordered chicken fingers, and I was expecting a typical kids meal, but it turned out to be fresh, sliced chicken strips with a schnitzel coating that I could have easily eaten for dinner myself. (The person who posted about them only having pork is incorrect - any of their schnitzels can be made with chicken, also.) We ordered mashed potatoes and red cabbage for sides.

Now, I am going to compare our food to Hofbrauhaus, not because it is the marker against which all others should be judged, but because due to its location, it is more frequented and well-known. My schnitzel was served, and it was not as thinly prepared as HB's, but was better in every sense. Imagine exquisitely tender pieces of pork in the most divinely crisp and crunchy coating imaginable - all perfectly seasoned. I was in heaven. The rahm sauce was unexpectedly delicious. The spaetzle was skinnier than HB's, and had a lighter mouth feel. My red cabbage was cut more rustically than HB, and not as buttery, but still good. My favorite part was that I could get the combo of schnitzel with spaetzle, instead of HB's potato salad.

I ordered the cherry strudel for dessert, and it was good. It is a generous portion of thick glazed cherries in a thin puff pastry-type dough rather than fillo-type pastry. It was served with a thin vanilla sauce and some whipped cream. The whipped cream was not the chantilly that you get from whipping heavy cream by hand, but probably from an aerosol can; they need to step that up to match the quality of the rest of their food!

I can't wait to go back to try their pretzel with German cheese sauce. I also want to catch their buffet night, which is a great price.

The service was pleasant, and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time, well worth the wait. The atmosphere is like German cafe/deli meets new American diner. If you want to go out for German food without the drive to the strip, the blaring live music and raucous drunks, it's a good option. It might not have as fun an atmosphere, but it was nice to have a quiet dinner where we could converse over a delicious meal. And, there is some fun in that.
What could be better in October than schnitzel and beer. Authentic food, great beer and service with a German accent. Had the meatloaf with a fried egg and a dark beer. It's the real stuff and will definitely will be coming back
No funny business - Café Berlin is AMAZING. The food is phenomenal, especially their Fried Potatoes (they are a must-have). They have quiet the selection of beer as well - we all know Germans love their beer. Next time I take a trip to Vegas I will make sure that Café Berlin is on my list. The best thing is that we went there with a group of 30 people and we were able to pay with BITCOIN. 

I recommend that everyone tries this place atleast once, but I guarantee you that you will be back for 2nd's. 

To the staff: YOU ALL ARE AWESOME!
I love this cafe! It makes me feel like I've left Vegas and have been transported to Germany. The food we had was delicious, hot and fresh. We started with a pretzel which had just come out of the oven. The jäger schnitzel was awesome as was the cherry strudel. We enjoyed a few of the German beers they had to offer. The staff was friendly and the owner stopped by our table to ensure we enjoyed our meal. We will most definitely be back!
Went here a couple days ago with my family.

The food is absolutely delicious.  My Jaeger Schnitzel was fresh, crispy, flavorful and amazing.  The spaetzel was also really good.

Prices are reasonable and the service was great!
I had fresh pretzels with obazer, spaetzel, and a house salad. 

The shining star of the night was the pretzel because it is FLOWN in from Germany! I felt like I was back in the Land of Poets and Thinkers!   My German fiance had schweinshaxe. He loved it! Prices are good too!
Great food, nice staff. Come to this place if you are tired of typical US cuisine you see at every corner.
The food was amazing, only to be surpassed by the service.

The staff were so friendly and I felt very welcome even though I was eating by myself. I had a beer with lunch which was reasonably priced. I haven't had Paulaner in the states so it was nice to see that they have uncommon beers.

I will be back with friends to share this hidden spot
It's not that I don't like German cuisine, I just don't prefer it. My dad loves it though, so we came here tonight with the rest of my family because his friends have been telling him about this place for a while now. 

I ate the pretzel with cheese, the kid's schnitzel, and the apple strudel. All DELICIOUS!

The pretzel was crisp on the outside and so soft on the inside -- perfection. It was served with cheese on the side, and let me tell you! This was not your average velveeta or nacho cheese. They have chunks of butter mixed I to the cheese, and it is topped with red onion and green onion and a slice of radish. So good and fancy, just how I love it.

I ordered the kid's schnitzel because we had the pretzel as an appetizer and I wasn't extremely hungry. This was a good portion! My mom ordered an adult portion of schnitzel and while my meal came with one piece, hers came with two. So my point is that my meal wasn't too tiny at all. Also, the kid's schnitzel is usually made with pork, but I asked for chicken instead and they were kindly accommodating. They told me that all meals are made to order and it isn't a problem to specialize and order. My crispy schnitzel was served with tasty fries, which I used to finish off the extra cheese from the pretzel, haha.

Oh my goodness, the apple strudel was just lovely! It was served with whipped cream and vanilla sauce. Each of these components made for a beautiful dessert and such a wonderful finish to my dinner. 

When we come back, I'm probably going to order everything just like I did this time. So yummy!
I placed a bad review last week and it did NOT get posed.  The food is lacking, over priced and of poor quality  NEVER NEVER AGAIN AT THIS PLACE
Probably one of the best German restaurants that I've been to and that includes some in Germany!  Food is absolutely authentic and so are th staff.  Reasonable prices, casual atmosphere, nothing fancy, just good German food. German beer on tap too!
The food was delicious. We started off with a pretzel with the cheese. I could eat that pretzel plain. So tasty. Like other reviews, crispy outside and super soft on the inside. We had the sampler to share. Everything on that plate was delicious. Filled me and my wife up and we still had more leftover. The octoberfest was very tasty as well. Service was on top of it. Very friendly and quick. The place seemed to be busy the whole time we were there. Definitely gonna be a return customer.
Just moved to Henderson and saw the sign for this restaurant on the way back from a truck rental...  Checked out the reviews and was pleasantly surprised to find the best German food I've eaten since well... Germany!   Heidelberg and Berlin.   Don't mind the strip mall ambiance...  This is the real deal and worth every penny!   Owners are serious about the food and care about what they serve.   I had the jaeger schnitzel and spaezle...  There was a hint of nutmeg on The spaezle..  Which is a great detail most miss.   The Championne mushrooms in the schnitzel were Devine...  My warsteiner dunkel heffeweizen on tap was fantastic...  I took a slice of apfel strudel home and it was superb with a cup of coffee.  I recommend this restaurant and will be back for more!
Went there last week with my German Mom.  We (party of 4) all had the Schweine-Schnitzel and it was great!!!!  And of course the strudel was hmmm-mmmm.  Oh, and my husband really loved the warstein beer. We couldn't have asked for better service.  The waiter was great to us and quite the salesman so great for the bottom line, I'm sure. LOL!  A little more than we expected to pay but the portions were huge and again, did I mention my husband loved the beer?  If you get the wine, it's much better to get the bottle than by the glass. We almost didn't go because about a year we tried and they weren't open even though the posted hours said they should be.  But our friends convinced us to try again and we are so very happy we did!    Keep it up!  We'll be back very soon.
Had lunch at Café Berlin on a Monday.  Eventually the place was well over half full and doing a brisk business.  I bought the yelp deal, which was $20 for $15.  Only 25% off, but I am not going to complain about someone giving me $5 to eat at a place I wanted to try anyway.  I had the jaegerschnitzel and a bier bratwurst on the side.  If they are offering homemade sausages for $2.99 to add to your meal, it would have been rude of me not to get one, right?

The jaegerschnitzel is made with either pork or chicken.  I've only had this dish previously with veal, but the pork was good.  It comes with mushroom gravy and a good sized helping of spaetzle.  The spaetzle was slightly grilled, which gave it some texture.  This dish can be a bit too "mushy" for me at times.  I loved a bite with the crispy pork, brown gravy and spaetzle.  

The sausage was big time, juicy and grilled perfectly.  As much as I enjoyed the jaegerschnitzel, I think the sausage was the star.

We had good service, didn't wait too long for our lunches, but we had to wait some time for refills of our drinks.  The parking lot is small, and there are several restaurants, so that's a minus.  It's easy off and on for the 215, so that's a positive.  I'm sure I'll return.
The lady serving our table was friendly and quick. She also had a German accent which adds to the authenticity. I tried the currywurst and since I have never had it before I don't have a standard of comparison, but I can say it was really good. For dessert the blueberry strudel was delicious. Unfortunately I wasn't drinking beer, but I'd like to come back again and sample some German imports!
Had the Jaeger Schnitzel  $11.99
Great crunchy crust, moist meat. 
We used the $15 for $20 yelp deal. Good food but slow service. The waiters were nice and had cute German accents, love that! But the food took forever to be served (approx. 40-45 minutes after ordering)! 

For dessert:
"Homemade Strudel in different Kinds $4.99
Apple, Cherry, Blueberry and Poppey Seed"
we ordered the Apple Strudel, it had a nice flaky crust, great Apple filling that was not too sweet.

I gave it 3 stars for the slow service. We waited a long time from being seated to getting our bill.
We went there, food was bad and over priced. wrote a bad review and it disappeared  kinda funny only good reviews
I have eaten at great restaurants in Bitburg Germany, and here in the states at Hallo Berlin in Corbettsville, NY for an example.

Cafe Berlin is no different offering great German food! The sauerbraten and spatzle were great! In fact the spatzle at Cafe Berlin was the best I have eaten.

The service is very good and the German accent of the waiter made me feel like I was back in Germany!

 Wunderbar!
I've had my eye on Cafe Berlin for a hot minute. Always telling myself I was going to go but I wanted to give it some time. This location has changed hands and restaurants many, many times and if Cafe Berlin was not going to last - well, I didn't want to waste my time. But a year and half later, it's still here so it was time to try the place.

Let me start with my only complaint of this place - WHY THE HECK DID I WAIT SO LONG TO COME HERE!?

My memories of Germany consist of a few different things: Good Times, Good Food, Good Wine and Good Beer. Living in Germany I have the luxury of having excellent German food. Those imbiss stands though. Delicious Brats, Pomme Frites with mayo, schnitzel that would rock your socks off. After leaving Germany, I just knew that I would never have German food that good again.

Well my friends, Cafe Berlin has the most amazing Jaeger Schnitzel. It is perfectly fried with the a very nice, light & crunchy breading. It is topped with the most delicious cream sauce with mushrooms. The size of the jaeger schnitzel was slighter smaller than something you would find in Germany but in the end it was the perfect serving and I was satisfied. The spaetzle was seasoned very well and soft and pillowy. 

I also ordered a side salad with German dressing. Amazing. The salad itself was nothing special but the dressing was made perfectly. Not too oily, not too much sugar, not too much vinegar. I asked for it on the side so I could dress my salad myself and I think this is key. 

Last but not least, if in a German restaurant you have to have a pretzel. There is just something about a German pretzel that I love. I remember walking to the bus stop in the morning when I lived in Germany and always stopping by the bakeries to get me a warm pretzel bun. The pretzel here reminded me so much of that. It was hot, warm and soft. Served with a cheese spread. The pretzel came out so soft and warm that I couldn't wait to eat it and alas, no picture. 

I left Cafe Berlin with a very happy belly. I remember just being happy overall after eating there. I wanted to give this place 5 stars, but I will have to visit a couple more times before I can do that. But if you want a great schnitzel, do your belly a favor and get over here today.
I had a want of some good German Food, so I looked on Yelp. Café Berlin had some great reviews so off we went to Berlin.
I had the Jaeger Schnitzel, and oh my it was really good. Plus, the spatzel mmmm.
My husband had a Brat with potatoes and was very happy with it.
We ended the meal with a strudel. It too was delish.
The place is not overly impressive from appearance standards, but the food hit the mark. 
If you enjoy German Food I recommend stopping here while in Vegas.
Cafe Berlin is an un assuming German restaurant. It is the type of restaurant you seek out when your in the mood for a European experience. The Jaeger Schnitzel was excellant. Naturally a nice selection of German beers and wine. The most unusual aspect of this place is the genuine concern that management has in doing its very best. At each course I was asked if every thing was to my liking and the service was superb. Finally, having eaten strudel in Munich and Switzerland I found it to be not as flakey as I remember. This is an establishment that deserves a second visit.
food is pretty good and authentic here.
had the jaegerschnitzel    11.99  $  and curry wurst  11.99 $ for lunch .
the portions were not very big , but the flavors were good .
I drive by this place every day to and from work. Today I decided to stop in and satisfy my curiosity. Starting with the Goulash soup brought me back to my teenage years when we were in Germany on vacation. The soup was perfectly seasoned and delicious. I then had the Jaeger Schnitzel which was awesome. If I didn't know any better I would swear I was back in Germany. The staff is very nice and for 1:45 in the afternoon they had a decent crowd. I am glad I stopped and look forward to my next visit.
i do like this place!  They have authentic german food and authentic germans!!  They have all the staples - weinerschnitzel, bratwurst, sauerkraut, apple strudel, etc.  They also carry german beer such as warsteiner and paulaner.  It's a small place but usually not too busy.  It's just north of 215 and decatur in the middle of a strip mall.  Relatively easy parking and access.
Being a huge fan of Café Heidelberg and devastated that it closed.. I was so happy when I saw this place open I love German food.  I finally made it in there last night.  The sauerbraten was amazing the place was very clean and the staff was really nice.   I don't know why I have waited so long to go there.    I can't wait to go back.  Highly recommend!
We saw this place driving by and decided to check it out based on the review and our desire to have some German food for dinner. 

The restaurant is quaint with around 15 tables (some high tops) and a small bar at the front..  The tables are nothing fancy but the decor fits perfect with the name because it definitely gives you the cafe vibe with red table cloth and German decorations adorning the walls.  There's a small display case at the front as well that shows of some delicious strudel (more on that later).  They have a TV which appears to have a cable box but was being used to showcase the different dishes they have while we were there.  While we were there they had live accordion music playing and a sprinkling of Christmas decorations including a tree.  The live music I thought would be a bit overpowering in the space but turned out to be just the right noise level so as to not overpower our conversation.  

The menu was just what we were looking for with various schnitzels, sausages, and traditional sides.  They also had a decent offering of German beer which they served in the proper glass by beer style (i went with a hefeweizen).  I went with the Jaeger schnitzel and my wife had the sauerbraten both with spaetzle.  We also split a side of potato salad.  The schnitzel (with pork) was crispy without being greasy and the mushroom gravy was delicious.  The spaetzle was a good side made even better with the gravy mixed in.  The beef in the saurbraten was very tender and the sauce was very tasty, not as good as the mushroom gravy, but a close second.  The potato salad was more of a mustard base than i'm used too (my family makes german potato salad more vinegar based and served warm) but it had a nice flavor just the same.

The staff was very friendly, they sat us relatively quickly and got our order in a timely fashion considering all the tables save a high top was occupied and they had 2 servers.  The food came out pretty fast as well and they kept tabs on our drinks too.

I had a 10% discount which they forgot to apply to the bill but happily provided us a  free plate of apple strudel in trade (which we happily accepted).  The strudel was served warm with some whipped cream and a creamy sauce as well.  They had cherry and blackberry as well which i'm sure are just as tasty.  

the only thing that could have been better was the iced tea.  I'm not sure if it was a specific kind or just an off batch, but it was pretty watered down.  Given all the other pluses we'll certainly be there again to find out.  

ich bin ein berliner!!
Really pleased with everything here. Had a pretzel with mustard for an appetizer and loved it (highly recommend that). Sauerbraten is excellent and the portion size was right on. Small place with a diner like vibe to it. I look forward to trying the buffet which is the first Saturday of every month!! Best German food in Vegas.
Not knowing it was the Buffet Saturday, we were satisfied with it. Had we realized we would have waited to another day; we never eat enough to make a buffet a deal. We will go back as I am still wanting Jaeger Schnitzel...
This review is for Cafe Berlin's once a month German buffet. They have it on the first Saturday of every month. I just happened to try this place for the first time on their buffet night. The buffet has a huge following, and reservations are necessary. We saw some people turned away when they showed up sans reservations. The buffet is $19.99 per person and includes a soda or iced tea. I think the price is a little high for what you get unless you are a big eater.

There is a small table in the corner set up with a few chafing dishes, like at a dinner party. I'm not sure if the selections change, but the options we had on the buffet were: cucumber salad, potato salad, peas with carrots, red cabbage, sauerkraut, spaetzle, one kind of brown sausage, pork schnitzel, chicken schnitzel, Frikadelle (German meatballs), and fried Spam. There were some gravies and mustard but that was it. Very limited but most items were very tasty. The weirdest thing was the dessert option: a puff pastry topped with cherry or vanilla pudding, marshmallows and Cool Whip. It was good but it reminded me of something my white trash aunt would bring to the family potluck dinners when I was younger.

The small restaurant was packed for the special buffet night and the kitchen had a difficult time keeping up with the crowd; whenever a cook would come out with a pan of fresh food, people descended on them like locusts. At least the stuff was prepared fresh but you had to be on your toes to get something, especially the schnitzel. As soon as it was put out, it was gone. They also ran out of plates several times (but this was quickly remedied).

There is one major thing I really dislike about the buffet. For the steep per person price, pretzels and strudel are NOT included. That's kind of sticking it to you when, let's be honest, all of us want a dang pretzel and some apple strudel when we eat at a German restaurant. I ordered the pretzel anyway, but having to pay extra rubbed me the wrong way (especially when the one I was served was overcooked and almost burnt). It would be nice if the owners would include one or two pretzels and one strudel per table with the buffet. 

Note that if you go on the buffet night, that is your ONLY OPTION. We were told that you CANNOT order regular dishes off the menu (only beer, wine, strudel and pretzels). The service was good and the German employees were so kind and welcoming. The decor ain't great but the place has its charm. 

I did enjoy the food and I am anxious to return on a non-buffet night. The cucumber salad, spaetzle and red cabbage were true standouts! I will update my review after my next visit. The spaetzle was particularly authentic, it took me back to my trips to Germany!
Everything I have had here is good, homemade brats, jager schnitzel, and the beer is good.
My husband went there on Friday. We didn't know anything about German food. We tried sampler and a couple of German Beer. They are very tasty and people work there were very nice. We will go back and try Schnitzel next time.
We just went today with a group of 8. Ate all aspects from Veg to Sampler platter. Great place for German Bier and Food! Don't forget the Strudel, we had the Kirsch (cherry) and we about licked the platter!
There are few places to get German food in Las Vegas, let alone good German food.

The pretzels are great. Fresh baked, warm, and served with spicy mustard. Exactly how they are meant to be eaten - none of that Auntie Anne's buttered crap around here! 

I always get the wurstplatte, which is 4 sausages, mashed potatoes, and sauerkraut. Everything is cooked to perfection.

It doesn't look like much, the decor is very basic, but holy hell the food is fantastic!
Food is incredible. Service is perfect. Ambience needs some attention. Cafe Berlin, please get rid of the fluorescent lights. I'd come back more if the lighting didn't give me a headache and make me feel like I'm at a Wal-Mart. But if bad lighting and cheap chairs and tables doesn't bother you, then you will love everything about this place.
You can't beat a good schnitzel, and this place is hard to beat. My only complaint is the service isn't the fastest. You man find yourself waiting more than 5 Minutes to get a simple glass of water and a hello from the wait staff. I feel this place with be a solid 4 stars from me if they paid more attention to their customers while they are in the restaurant.
I've been back a few more times and it continues to be excellent. Order the schnitzel and you can hear the chef in the kitchen pounding out the veal. Although this seems like nothing, it's really a big deal because that's how real schnitzel is made. The result is delicious! I've been to other German restaurants like Brotzeit  where the meat is obviously preformed frozen portions. Lumpy etc.
This is a very family friendly place and the waiter, cook, owners stop by the table to make sure everything is fine. I love that! Kid friendly!
I've never been to a cafe/restaurant that specializes in German food, since there are not many options in Las Vegas. When I entered the cafe, the employees were very friendly, and were patient with me as a fumbled through the menu. I ordered a draft Paulaner Munich premium beer to drink. To eat I ordered  Jaeger Schnitzel (pork cutlets with mushroom gravy), it's served with a side of fresh Spaetzle. I also ordered one white Bockworst on the side. As I look around the restaurant while waiting for my food, I see many German style decorations that are cool to look at. The music playing is a local "pop" station. All the employees have a German accent, which is nice to hear, means they know how to cook some German food, haha! The food was really good... The total bill came to $28 dollars (not including tip). You get a little wrapped German chocolate square with the bill. The only downside to my entire experience was the shopping centers parking is a little crazy.
I really wanted an apple strudel so decided to stop here for lunch.  Food was good, not as good as in Germany or Austria, but good enough.  However, I can inly give this place 3 stars, since I ordered mashed potatoes as a side and got INSTANT MASHED POTATOES.  I inquired and apparently all their mashed potatoes are instant.  Perhaps I am being harsh, but when youre running a small family owned restaurant and not a KFC and pride yourself on "authentic" flavor of a particular country, serving Uncle Ben potatoes just doesnt seem right, especially when you charge over $3 for it as a side.
Love this place! I go out of my way while in Las Vegas to eat here. Good food and great beer!!!
Really good beer, Really good food. I love everything about this place I don't need to say much come here and try it. And you will not be let down.
I am surrounded by people making yummy noises.  A couple next to me is on a mission to try every menu item.  This is my first time and I couldn't resist the curry wurst.  Schmeckt gut!  The rouladen at the table next to me looks amazing.  Now I'm on a mission to try every menu item!
Came here on a Friday night, had heard from a coworker that it was good. I had the Rahm Schnitzel,  sauce had decent flavor; however the spaetzel was very dry and over cooked. Portions kinda small, and no salad, pretzels or bread included with dinner. My husband had the Worstplatte, which is a selection of their sausages. Over cooked as well. Mashed potatoes were runny and not enough of them. Sauerkraut was very tasty. Price per dinner for what you get is not worth it.  (Oh and the cost of their first Saturday dinner buffet has gone up to $22.99 supposedly includes beverage and dessert.)

Overall disapointing. I can make better at home.
We took a few real German friends visiting Vegas to the Cafe Berlin.   We each ordered various dinners.  Each one of us was extremely pleased.  The home made spaetzle was absolutely delicious.  We had the hunter's schnitzel was exceptional.   We even had room for dessert which we shared. Thank goodness it passed the test almost as good as food in Germany. Would highly recommend and would revisit.
This was my first visit here. Met my sister and brother in law for dinner. 
We were greeted right away when we walked in. Given our choice of seats. It was a little busy. Our server came over to get our drink orders. We received the drinks quite quickly, then we ordered some pretzels, our waiter suggested he bring the pretzels first then he will take our dinner order. The pretzels were perfect, light and airy great flavor right amount of salt. Then we ordered potato pancakes. They were served with a side of sour cream and apple sauce. Two huge potato pancakes came out, with generous portions of the sour cream and apple sauce. They were delicious. Fried to the right amount of crispy. Honestly the best I have ever had. I ordered the sauerbraten with a side of red cabbage and the cucumber salad. Loved every bit of it. The sauerbraten was fork tender, the spaetzel was divine. The gravy was the correct consistency and tasted fantastic. Two big a portion, took half home. My husband had one of the schnitzels which he loved and he also took half home. My BIL had the rouladen which I tasted and loved. Will order that next time. 
The service was outstanding from beginning to end. Everyone there was so kind and engaging. 
I look forward to many more visits.
This restaurant is so delicious! I recommend the schnitzel with mushroom sauce and egg noodles, so tasty. Everyone needs to check this place out!
Best German food in Las Vegas, hands down. It's not the "touristy" hofbrau haus, it's a mom n pop. Owners are from Germany.  Try the jaegerschnitzel, it'll change your life
Menu a bit pricey, but service is impeccable and restaurant is clean and small/intimate. I enjoyed our dining experience here we will definitely go back the food was good even tho the menu was a little bit on the expensive side for a cafe.
Delicious! Bier-cola is just as I expected! If you haven't had it, you should try it!

 Rahm schnitzel was so so so good and the curry wurst was amazing. 

You have to try the strudel, in any flavor but I love the blueberry!

Fast friendly German service with authentic food made to order. Great place!
Authentic German food.  My husband and I ordered two different kinds of Schnitzel and both of them tasted wonderful.  Reminded me of my mother's meals.  The food is really worthy of 5 stars, but the service was terrible so I only gave 4.  Two young men were serving and although the restaurant was not busy, we only saw them when they served our meal.  I had to get up and ask for a take out box and our bill.  Having said that, the food was so good, we'd go back.
Went here during a buffet night. I was very happy to find that they accept BitCoin, yay! Its just too bad I didn't have any in my BlockChain account lol. The food was decent, but a little bit bland at the same time. I would probably give them 4 stars, but I didn't have a reservation and they slid me right in, so they really deserved the extra start for going above and beyond.

I would definitely stop here again, but I'm also not sure when the buffet typically takes place. I know its just once per month.
If you are looking for some authentic German food, look no further! The menu is very non-German friendly with excellent descriptions of their dishes. Foods arrive at your table piping hot, fresh and delicious. Did I mention they have a few select German beers to partake? Well, they do. Oh yes, to finish a few different strudels to choose. Enjoy!
Having driven by this place on numerous occasions, I finally got the chance to give them a try for lunch. 

We ordered in advance, since we were crunched for time and had a rather large group. Our food was ready when we arrived. We had a pretty large party and the the staff was able to accommodate us nicely. I opted for the schnitzel sandwich and we all shared some large baskets of fries. 

The food was good. I have had German food on a number of occasions over the years, but I am far from experienced with the cuisine. The bread was good, although a little doughier than I prefer. I enjoyed the schnitzel quite a bit. It was juicy and moist, which is important. I wasn't crazy that it just came with lettuce and mayonnaise. I guess I was hoping for something a little more flavorful. The fries were disappointing and bland, so I don't see myself ordering these again. 

We also tried the apple strudel, which was tasty and had a great texture. 

Service was on point and I look forward to trying this place again for a little more of their more traditional dishes. Their dinners and other lunch options look promising.
Delicious!  We will be back.  We stopped for lunch.  Higher $$ then fast food, but worth it if you're in the mood for German food.
I absolutely love German food! This place is extremely authentic. The food is fabulous, seasoned perfectly. The service is wonderful also. Highly recommended.
Went from bummed to furious. I got the bier brat sandwich which was decent. My s/o got the Nuernberger Bratwuerst, which also tasted good. Menu said the latter was 12.99, was charged 17.50. Ordered German Potato salad and received normal potato salad, Told the waiter it wasnt what what we expected and were still charged for it. Some gal, assuming the manager, came up and explained why we were wrong and that the recipe that  was used has been in her family for generations. I will NEVER be dining at this location again and will ABSOLUTELY be telling everyone I know to avoid it. I would give 0 stars if possible. Overcharged and poor customer service from what should have been a neat little restuarant.
Excellent German food. Practiced my German with the owner, who was very nice and explained that they make all their own sausages. Very tasty and exactly as I remembered from living in Germany. Had the bratwurst and bratkartoffel. Excellent. Large portions. Nice place that I don't think many tourists frequent. I would recommend if you want an authentic German meal.
Omg - authentic and homemade German food. Everything and I mean everything we had was excellent!!  Service. Food. Wine. Beer. Dessert. Even the after dinner mint exceeded our expectations and were amazing!!  Highly highly recommend to anyone visiting or living in Las Vegas looking for a quiet atmosphere with great food!!!  Will definitely be a frequent guest!!!
good "real" German food. Not American-German food! I like the Rouladen.
Food is good... But service has an attitude. Too bad. Probably won't be back because I don't like places that are so quick to tell you no and refuse to even be nice about it.
Just got back from a trip to Germany. I can honestly say Cafe Berlin's Jagerschnitzel is better then most in Deutschland. Their curry wurst is the most authentic I've had in the state. Even if you have never had german food you'll like Cafe Berlin.
On the spur of the moment we called at 7:15 pm on a Saturday night and asked for a reservation for 7:35 as we were 20 minutes away. With a genuine German sense of order we were told we could only have a reservation for 7:45 which we gladly took. Arriving at 7:35 our table was waiting for us. 

The schnitzels and sausages and cherry strudel our group of four ordered was excellent. So was the Wahrsteiner draft dark beer. Our group of four split two entrees and the wait staff was very gracious about and there was no split plate fee, although we were served with four plates.  

Excellent food and gracious service. Yes, we will be back.
This place has really noisy interior during peak dinner hours. We came as a party of four but opted to only ordered two entrees to share among the two couples and they were very gracious about it. My bf and I shared the house sausages with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut. The sauerkraut couldn't have been better - I loved it. Everything else in this entree was great but I am a huge fan of the sauerkraut!

We also shared a cherry turnover. If you come here, don't leave without trying this dessert item!
Hands down the most authentic German food I have tried in Las Vegas! I ordered the Rouladen with the dumpling, red sauerkraut and gravy and it was delicious. I have traveled to Germany many times and lived there when I was younger and this place is hard to beat on the taste spectrum. It also makes me happy that they have German beers & Radler ( Beer & sprite mix). This place is more affordable then the massive Hoffbrahause & its nice to support a small & local cafe. Planning on coming back soon!
I tell you not a good day for my girlfriend. But one thing that change the hole day was taking my girlfriend  to CAFE BERLIN the food was amazing the service was off the top! And the owner very compassionately with my girlfriend, couldn't ask for a better dinner night out on a Monday! Must try it. if you never had German food and great beer!!
If you like German and I mean if you really like German food you have to come here
Bad customer service the female that took my order in the Drive Thur had a bad attitude. I ordered the number three double cheeseburger and fries and small drink. The food was horrible. You can tell everything comes frozen  you can taste it. I would not recommend this to anyone.
This location used to be a Del Taco, that went out of business. 

I saw that it was be reopened under the name Dita's, I have never heard of that name before and searching the web has no results, so I assume it's not a chain.

They have burgers, sandwiches, chicken fingers and German sausage specialties, of Brats and Curry Sausage.

I had a double cheese burger, fries and a small drink, $7.56 with tax.

The meat actually had some flavor and juicyness, so many places nowadays the meat is tasteless. It's served on a normal bun, with thousand island dressing, onion, tomato, lettuce and pickles. I took the pickles off, as they were sweet pickles, which I do not care for, others may like them. 

I found the burger good, not as good as In & Out, but better than McD, BK and similar chain stores. The fries were typical frozen fries, somewhere between the McD shoestrings and steak fries. The sodas were the Coca Cola genre, Coke, Mr Pibb, etc..

I found the staff friendly, also I thought the customers were bit over friendly welcoming me, until I realized the people I thought were customers were other employees, apparently they had a morning staff meeting, and they all hadn't left yet.

I was offered samples of the German sausage, I tried both, they were good, but I'm not one to judge, since I'm not partial to German food.

The price is a bit high for what you're getting, but not outrageous. I would go there again.
From the start, it was a great experience. I walked in and saw that there was Free WiFi. We were then greeted with a huge smile from a man who I am guessing is the manager. Although, he was the only one to acknowledge us.

Now onto the food. It was DELICIOUS. You can tell the fries were frozen and where ever they buy them from is probably the same place that McDonalds gets their because they taste the exact same. Although the burger was AMAZING! It comes with the works. Great prices. I'm just not crazy about the location, although it is only a few minutes from my house.
For some reason i was surprised about how clean and nice it was inside. Maybe because the del taco that was there was never very clean.

Great brats, and i don't even really like brats all that much. Burger is just under in-n-out level, but like someone else here said, above mcd's and the others.

Also really like the sauce that comes with the chicken tenders. 

Customer service was awesome. Really liked the guy that helped us. We will be back for sure.
Look, we have been to all the "German" places in town, where you are served blaut kraut and potato salad from a can, and they charge you 15-20 dollars a plate.  Dita's is not fine dining.  It does, however, have curry wurst like I remember having with my Grandfather in a pub in Germany when I was a child.  Fast, fresh food, friendly service, very clean, take out and delivery...all in all, worth a visit.
Heading out for some drinks last Friday with a few friends and we needed to eat first. After driving by Dita's every day where the Del Taco used to be and upon a recommendation from two different friends AND the presence of a coupon we decided to give it a try. When we walked in the place was empty around 7 pm on a Friday, not a great sign generally but let's face it Las Vegans are not always known for their taste in higher quality fast food as I believe we now have seemingly 163 Jack in the Box locations and still 72 Burger Kings in town. 
 We presented our coupon for buy 1 Dbl Cheese burger  Combo(not bad - approx 7.50) and receive one regular hamburger free($3 value I believe) and it was happily accepted by the front counter man- who I believe was either manager or owner. We took our seats in the clean, bright dining room- comfy. The motif and tunes were mostly 50's drive in style which fit the burger theme overall. I was actually told I should have ordered one of their famous german brats or "Curry Sausage"- some sort of speciality apparently- And I definitely will next time but wanted to use the burger coupon this visit.
 After about 5-7 minutes our number was called we grabbed our tray of food made fresh and it was good. Perfect crispy shoestring fries, a basic no- frills burger with a good, not great patty but very fresh and pretty juicy too. Adorned with the basic lettuce, tomato, american cheese and 1000 island condiments, this should appeal to fans of In- n -Out and/ or Five Guys. Can't wait to venture out to some of the sausage choices next time. The free single burger was also outstanding.  
 Once while we were eating and again as we left we were warmly asked how everything was by the staff. Im happy to report a few other parties came in as we were leaving..I think they'll be happy they did.
My meal (sausage and fries) was great! Everything was fresh and delicious. The staff was very helpful and very nice!
This place has potential however, they do not have a lot of German options. they offer burgers, fries and their German curry sausage. there are not that many items available in their menu but their food is good.
This is the second time I've been here. The first time I had the bratwurst with roll. That was great the sausage had a lot of flavor to it. The second time I decided to try the hamburger. Definitely not like in n out which it keeps getting compared to for some reason. I recommend only coming here for the brats.
Great burgers! Great fries! Its a German/American burger joint. They sell brats as well. Next time I will try it. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and portions and of course the taste. Very tasty burger! I ordered the double cheeseburger and it was bomb! Just as good as In and Out and Fatburger. The fries are thin cut and crispy.
My menu selection was minimal so I cannot fully comment on the wider menu items. Restricted only to the Brats I will say they were some of the best I ever had, but that isn't much...  But still damn good. I had them with onions and bacon, but wil lminus the bacon and mustard next time. The meat itself was perfectly seasoned and the texture oh so divine. 

Had passed by several times, once at 10pm and they were closed, so this time decided to stop in. Was the only one in there until - a young couple came in for just fries, and then 10 minutes later two biker guys ordering burgers. This was a Friday night about 8 pm and really it was empty. I felt bad as its been open several months.

My wife doesn't like sausages really any kind except for Italian sausages with onions and peppers. Were from Brooklyn! She doesn't like hot dogs, polish sausage, brats, kielbasa, etc... So,I got one for myself while she sat in the car. The joke was on her... It was great!

I got to speaking to the owner, a German man, originally an attorney who worked for many years in Brazil where he met his wife, a Brasilena, who is the cook. He is a very nice man, very accommodating and friendly and we struck up a conversation about the business and how things were going. He said the lunch traffic was not bad but nights were quite dead. Not reflective of the 85,000 vehicles passing by peak hours. The drive thru though was busier than in store service at this time.

I got the brat, took it out to the car, had a bite,  and asked...no, pleaded with my wife to take a bite... It was burning hot and I scalded my finger and mouth but let it cool for a sec, she tried it and said to me, no ordered me to go get her one. She stated I should also tell the owner that that's how good she thought they were... The fact she wanted one, coming from someone who hates this type of food, was a comment on the quality and taste.  So going back in I threw caution to the wind and in addition to her order I also ordered the owner-recommended currywurst, basically just a brat sliced in curry ketchup... Bummer. I was disappointed with this somewhat although he reviews here seem to be good. Instead of placed whole on a bun, it's sliced and drenched in sauce and served with some dried bread on the side. I know that's how it's served in Deutschland but wasn't really my thing...

My bread was stale, I know it's supposed to be dried out with the Currywurst but a bit too much I think... I also think theres a difference between dried and stale...The curry sauce was way way to sweet, cloyingling so! It was ketchup and curry added...as is the German way but... much too much sauce. I would order it again if it was served whole on a bun with the sauce as a condiment,  OR sliced as it were but not served drenched in sauce...

My wife has already asked to go back, so this bodes well. The problem I see is he should be successful in theory based on the food, but the location is not ideal in my mind... I suspect just one block east on the other side of Decatur is a world away and would make a world of difference. I also think he needs to extend the German menu, as he seems to focus less on the German.. with only 2 types of brats. The rest of the menu is a knockoff of In & Out, and not as good from what I've heard here as well as the review snippet in the LV Weekly magazine. 

Maybe get some fried pork and chick cutlets or another types of schnitzel. Add other sausages like Bockwurst. Or how bout Kartoffelpuffer: fried potato pancakes served crispy and with applesauce and sugar or salt.
German Brötchen: Is an open-faced sandwich served on fresh bread and topped with ham and cheese. Spaetzle as an alternative side to fries? Just some thoughts. I like the. Place and want it to succed. He needs to expand the Germanic menu items and increase the marketing and visibility. Maybe some Groupons, Living Socials, entertainment books coupons... I don't know. Coupons in the Sunday LVRJ? A lot of the business could come if he was open late if only people knew the place existed...
I am worried.

Vey nice man... I wish him Viel Glück!
Yuuuum!  I had the bratwurst with sauerkraut, the brat was delish! I tried a side of the curry sauce and ended up dippin my fries in it, wow a great flavor. My boyfriend had the cheese burger and it was so good, comparable to In And Out Burger, so you know it's good!  Check this place out!
Drove by Dita's several times with an interest in it but havent had the opportunity to hit it up till a few days ago.

Very friendly service. They gave us samples of the curry sauce and we decided to go for currywurst and fries.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/svTDpnD6yj77h5iH9lDucw?select=uAypqk1WYXmwcDcTS8_moA#cy0ksATFB05QyUCvoCLW9g

Their homemade ketchup is more of a tomato sauce seasoned to taste similar to ketchup and is pretty damn good too. The seasonings they use to turn it into curry ketchup is just too damn good in my opinion and totally made the order worth it. 

Fries are VERY good. They look like ordinary regular fries but they taste totally awesome.

Dita's is a bit on the pricey side when compared to other fast food joints. I can understand that they need to charge more because this isnt Germany and some of the ingredients need to be sourced from different suppliers and some things need to be home made. Overall i would say the extra dollar and some change is worth it as you're getting something completely different from the normal fast food burger joint. 

I like it and would totally recommend this place for those who are looking for something different yet completely casual.
I've been to this restaurant a few times. Always good, always fresh and delicious! Check this place out if you live in Vegas or are visiting!
Real German food is finally affordable in Las Vegas.  What it may lack in decor & ambiance for snobbish foodies, it is made up for (and then some) by the authentic preparation of some of my childhood favorites found growing up in a German-American home.

It's very clean, and while I think it should be far busier than it is, the service at Dita's was outstanding - warm, welcoming - and everything you would expect from a nice family-owned German restaurant.

The shocking part was the price. Less than $5 for a meal that not only filled me up but made me happy and comfortable too? 

It was pure joy biting into a fresh bratwurst nestled inside fresh brotchen.  When I saw the Currywurst  on the menu I immediately knew that this place was somewhere I needed to take my mom so she could savor the flavors of home.

This kind of goodness rarely happens in Vegas, so this one goes on my list of favorite places for comfort food.  "So good" is an understatement.
I was actually craving a brat, and the German flags and "Brats" sign lured my in...

When I entered the former Del Taco location, I was greeted by a tall friendly German at the register.  I had a pretty good feeling about the authenticity of the food because the worker was speaking German to a few customers.  That's a key indicator for authenticity.  You don't see much Italian being spoken at Olive Garden, or many Spanish speaking customers at the Michoacan joints in Vegas.

I really had no idea what to choose until I saw the curry brat on the menu. 

From what the worker told me, the curry brat is the #1 fast food in Germany and was  this restaurant's specialty.  So I ordered one on his recommendation...

Pleasantly surprised!  The Curry Brat is a sliced bratwurst smothered with a ketchup based curry sauce and it's pretty damn good.  It's also served with a heaping mound of fries that were very good (similar to McDonald fries).  

Would I go back?   YES

The decor is refreshingly minimal... it's all about the food.  

Apparently, they make a good burger too, but I'd rather stay with the German food.
The curry was really good, something different. Will be going back for sure.
Dita's Brats and Burgers

My young Austrian friend knows that I love German cuisine. So, when he told me that he'd treat me to some AUTHENTIC German food, I thought he'd take me to one of those few German restaurants in Vegas. Well, was I surprised that he brought me to a FAST FOOD JOINT called Dita's!  - And, after a great eating experience, I was very happy and grateful that he did! 

YELPIER DETAILS:

My friend ordered for us, ALL IN GERMAN: 1 order each "bratwurst with kraut" and 1extra order of "currywurst with fries" to share. Our orders came out looking very appetizing and tasty in every bite! 

The sauerkraut was a bit salty, not sour enough to my liking, but it was crunchy, the way I loved! The curry sauce was on the sweet side, but after we added extra mustard and salt, it was wonderful for dipping the sausage and fries! I wish the sauce had a little bit more kick with more and spicier curry. Well, even in Germany, almost no 2 curry sauces tasted the same anyway, so I couldn't be too picky.

My Austrian friend said, although he is not German, he knew enough German cuisine and culture to vouch for the authenticity of those tasty dishes. I myself had worked and lived in Germany on and off for a few years, and had grown to love the great variety of German sausages. What we had at Dita's brought back fond memories of my wonderful time in Germany, enjoying bratwurst and currywurst in various fast food places over BEER! Hmm, how I wish Dita's would serve beer! And I wish, also, they'd expand their GERMAN MENU.

We enjoyed our AUTHENTIC German meal very much this afternoon. I will definitely go back to Dita's for more, with or without my Austrian friend!

BTW: Dita's "50's diner decor" made an old man like me feel very comfortable. But, almost all customers today were young folks. The place is not big but spacious enough; clean, bright, and comfy. Its restroom is well maintained. 

Peterskis3, Dec, 2012
---
I ordered the double cheeseburger combo. The burger was was delicious, the sweet potato fries were OK, if a little bland. Two things: 1) everything is made fresh, so it will take a little time to get your order and 2) The double cheeseburger really isn't suitable for consumption with your hands, get a fork and a knife.
Limited menu,kind of expensive.
This place was dead at lunch time,so I don't expect it to last very long.
Bad location.

My suggestion would be a condiment bar like Top Dog(onions,kraut,etc)and widen the variety of sausages to include bockwurst and maybe a straight German frank.

Fries are good,but maybe potato salad as a twist for a side.
Second time I've been here and the food is great. Clean place and the service is great. Took girlfriend and got her hook on the brat sandwich...I had the cheeseburger which was very good. Will be back again.
Dita's reminded me of a clash between Johnny Rockets meets In-N-Out. The place is very clean and staff extremely helpful. I ordered the Hawaiian Burger; only because it had pinneaple. Food was fresh and had flavor, can't wait until my next visit. It's not far from the College of Southern Nevada, good food and decent prices.
Great food and customer service!
I remembered some good reviews from here so today I was passing by Dita's and decided to stop in for lunch.

I went to the drive thru and ordered the Dbl cheesburger XXL meal- total $9.50.

When I received the giant size soda I was dissapointed to see (no really kinda angered to see) that the cup was filled to the brim with ice. This is a HUGE pet peeve of mine with fast food places. It must have been a 40 oz. cup at least, but there couldn't have been more than 12 oz of soda in the cup. 

When the meal was ready I was surprised to be handed a bag with 2 styrofoam containers. The smaller one contained the burger and the larger segmented dinner plate size one was filled to the top with fries. So the XXL meal gets you a cup with about a pound of ice and about 2 pounds of fries.

The burger was just OK. I mean it was good, nothing wrong with it, but nothing exceptional either. Just kinda generic. Usually to make a great burger you need something outstanding- a fresh baked bun, special sauce, something special in the seasoning of the beef, etc. This burger was just average. generic bun, thousand island burger sauce, lettuce, pickle, tomato, American cheese, and kind of bland burger patties. All the elements were there, just nothing stood out.

The fries were abundant, but a bit soggy and nothing special either just generic restaurant fries.

To be fair I ordered a burger at a place better known for brats, and I'll probably go back sometime to give the brats a try. But as far as the burgers go I'd rate them average at best.
Passed by this place a number of times since its opening, even pulled into their parking lot, but never convinced myself to actually take the plunge and try something new, especially when I saw that the staple is bratwurst, that of which I'm not a fan of. My husband on the other hand loves that German sausage, so to make him happy I put my dislike for brats aside and went in with an open mind. Lucky for him I was starving, and my pregnant belly was aching for anything at this point. So Friday night we mosey on over after he read some of the reviews on yelp. He ordered himself a bratwurst on a roll with some spicy mustard a side of French fries and the owner who is straight out of Germany provided some curry dipping sauce on the side. I ordered a cheeseburger combo that came with a nice amount of French fries and a medium sized soft drink for 6.95. My cheeseburger was juicy and very flavorful. It was soaked in condiments nor was it falling apart, it was pretty darn delish! Now my husbands bratwurst was served on what looked like the perfect kaiser roll, it was flaky on the outside and yet soft to the bite....the aroma coming off of that bratwurst was so enticing I had to have a bite, it was AMAZING. WOW! Now I could never eat a bratwurst sandwich all on my own, but a couple of bites of that sandwich was pretty much like a little taste of heaven. The homemade curry will leave you craving it, it's the perfect blend of spices, incredibly tasty. The place is very clean, and the owner is very nice. If your in the area I would definitely recommend stopping in and grabbing a bite!
The Brat was good. Bread was so-so. I'm guessing the sauerkraut came from a can.

Double cheese burger was pretty much an In-&-Out burger. The patties were a little bigger, but flavor was the same.

The Hawaiian burger was not good. My boyfriend who is a burger nut ate half and tossed the rest. 

The fries were good and plentiful.
Super good!! We had the hamburgers and they were huge, the owner is very nice, too bad is so far from where I live :(
Closed.

I actually had the chance to try their curry fries which the GF, whose half German enjoyed and reminded her of the food she had as a young girl in Germany. Brats are great and flavorful however the GF mentions that you can get a much better over at Cafe Berlin which unfortunately I have yet to try. Burgers were good but not drive all the out of your way good. 

Probably the worst thing I did have was the Hawaiian Burger which was one of their burgers topped with pineapple, bacon and this nasty, over-processed artificial bbq sauce which killed it for me. Service was hit or miss, it was run by both the owners a former German businessman and his wife (Dita) who moved from Vegas to Brazil hoping to bring more German fare to Vegas. Unfortunately a few weeks after our first visit they shut down operations.. You could somewhat tell by their demeanor and the empty seats. Its a shame because I felt like they could do something just by sticking with their core items -- they were seemingly stuck in the wrong neighborhood. If they re-opened, I probably would give them another shot.
A while back I got a chance to meet Chef Payton Curry and try his cuisine at Welcome Diner his short lived concept in Downtown Phoenix, incorporating planned obsolescence. Post Welcome Diner, Curry could be found making guest chef appearances at various restaurants around town as well as throwing "Guerrilla dinners" with his merry bunch of culinary misfits. Over the past few months Curry has been keeping his culinary skills sharp in the kitchen of Chef Charlene Badman at Scottsdale hot spot FnB.

Fast forward to Today and the first service at Curry's newest venture, Brat Haus.  Nestled in the space formerly occupied by Oregano's Pizza, Brat Haus is spread out among two buildings with a "climate controlled" outdoor patio. (The 360 degree mister was a nice touch and quite refreshing on a hot day but I don't know if I would go as far as agreeing with our hostess that the patio is climate controlled)

First up from the Haus, a stone hearth pretzel I have been drooling over on Facebook for the past week.  This rustic pretzel, served with grainy Haus mustard, is just what I had been hoping it would be (so much for maintaining objectivity).  A combination of hard and chewy, kissed with the perfect amount of salt, the Haus pretzel does not disappoint.  If I hear of anyone asking for cheese sauce to dip one of these happy little twists in, I may cry).

I've eaten my fair share of Bratwurst including a few while in Germany which were pretty memorable but over-all, i've just never eaten one and exclaimed "DAMN! that's delicious."  Well, I can no longer make that statement as the Spicy brat ($5.75) topped with my choices of spicy peppers (of course) and root beer onions nestled in a chewy french roll just plain rocked.  Juicy, flavorful and possessed of the perfect meaty texture, the traditional spicy brat is a winner. (there will be many more of these in my future)

Accompanying my brat were thrice-cooked belgian fries ($4.50/Large).  Lightly seasoned frites, crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside as they should be, served with choice of dipping sauces (in this case truffle aioli and Sriracha Aioli), the Hause fries are not only a perfect companion to a brat but a necessity in my humble opinion.

Last but not least, the ubiquitous hamburgers, or are they?  You will find a "regular" burger in the form of the Haus Favorite but that is where the "norm" ends.  There is a brat burger i'd probably want for breakfast every morning consisting of a 1/3lb pork sausage patty topped with a fried egg and swiss cheese ($6.75) and the 800 pound gorilla in the room, the "Pig Mac."($7.25)

What's this you say? The Pig Mac? Let me get this straight, Curry thinks it's a good idea to combine a 1/4lb pork sausage patty with a 1/4lb ground beef patty topped with caramelized onions, bound with something called "Hush Hush sauce?"  Well it's a good gawddamned thing Curry has the twisted mind he does because there are few things pork can't make better and apparently a juicy, well seasoned hamburger is one of them.  I don't know why I haven't thought of doing this before but it works.  This mingling of textures and flavors going on here is like the crossing of the proton streams in Ghostbusters except I didn't end up with marshmallow goo on my face.  I must say, I would have rather had a traditional spicy brat split and perched atop my burger a bit more as I preferred its texture and spiciness to the patty but again, this is a winner.

It's about time someone broke the mold and opened a restaurant that didn't fall into line with the current trend of cookie-cutter concepts, frozen yogurt, cupcake shops and gourmet burger joints come immediately to mind.  Curry and his Brat Haus have brought something simple, fresh and different to the Scottsdale culinary scene. (I'm sure others will follow in short order).
Another typical Scottsdale overhyped eatery.  Food wasn't as good as these rave reviews are making it out to be.  Food was overcooked, bacon was burnt, and buns were kind of lame. Portions were somewhat on the small side although for Scottsdale the pricing was inexpensive by Scottsdale standards.  Really strange beer pricing.  German imports and American microbrews were reasonably priced but the Belgian imports were marked up like they were liquid gold, twice what you would pay for the same beer at OHSO, Delux or Papago.  I was there on opening day so I'll leave my comments about service for another review after they have time to settle in.

Gave it another chance and service still hasn't improved.  Had to knock it down.
Visited on the second day of service. While the Belgian imports were ostensibly overpriced, the German imports were reasonably priced; that's what I stuck to. I enjoyed the fact that there are a couple different outbuildings that Brat Haus is divided into, and the bar was fun, if not a bit too cozy.

The food was excellent. I was particularly impressed with their aioli dips for their Belgian fries. The truffle aioli was amazing, as was the Sriracha aioli. I ordered the Rattlesnake Ripper and a hearth-baked pretzel. The sausage was incredible; not too gamy but it was obvious that it was rattlesnake. The apricot chutney was equally delicious. What got me was the pickles. Normally, I loathe pickles, but I found myself wanting more of their house-made product. The servers were obviously busy, and I cannot fault them for that on their second day of business, but it seemed as though receiving the food took quite a bit longer than normal; there were many tables without food when I arrived.

I sincerely hope this establishment does well, as I intend to be back. I imagine after a few weeks the kinks will be ironed out and things will run much more smoothly.
Couldn't wait to check out this new neighborhood eatery in Old Town...
We were there on the second night it was open which led to service quality issues, but that's to be expected initially. 

We were seated at a large wood community table, with another party at the other end. I'm not a huge fan of this type of seating, but it wasn't bad. However, there was major confusion regarding table numbers for food delivery (for all of the patio) and discriminating which party had ordered what at the community table. I assume they will work out the kinks with this pretty soon because with a smaller menu chances are high the the party next to you ordered similar items and will end up with your food. 

We had the chefs feature brat, this month from Justin Beckett, topped with root beer onions (highly recommend) and it was phenomenal! Best I have ever had! The fresh, soft bun was even a delight! The beer brat was also good, nice tart sauerkraut. Belgian fries were fantastic. Dipping sauces we chose were lackluster, we had the blue cheese and bacon as well as the thousand island, can't remember what they called it, skip both and try something else. Beet salad was also just o.k., very sweet. I had heard they had a bean salad at the soft opening that was fabulous and was looking forward to that, but it didn't make it onto the menu, yet. We ordered a pretzel with our meal as well, it did not arrive until 40 minutes after our dinner did. It was really very good. It was delivered without the food runner offering mustard, as they have 5 different varieties, for dipping, but we managed to flag another server down eventually to get them for us. The drunken date cake was maybe one of the best deserts I've tried in a long time! The portion was ample, perfect for sharing. The cake was incredibly moist, topped with a sweet caramel (?) glaze and served with a side of whipped cream adding just enough cool tartness to cut the sweet. It was perfect. 

They did a good job with the decor, you definitely don't feel like you are on the patio of the old Oregano's, it's industrial, yet warm. I'm gonna give them a few weeks to get their legs underneath them before I give it another shot. Has the potential to be fabulous if they can iron out service.
Duck and date with apricot onion chutney= awesome trip for my taste buds. Thanks Payton
I love this place, eaten here two days In a row. The Belgian fries are fantastic....however, the servers were a bit unorganized, went through 3 people before I could even get a water. Other than that, great food, polite waiters.
This place has a lot of positives, however the service was unfortunately an overwhelming negative and the main reason for my 2 star review. I visited yesterday after the downpour and upon arrival the place was fairly busy, but nothing crazy. The Amy Winehouse hostess with a big bun on her head asked how many and we told her three. She said it would be a minute and asked us to have a seat. Twenty seconds later she turned around, clearly not recognizing my friend and I, and asked if we were waiting for a table for two.  "Uh, no three," I replied. We were seated at a long table which was a little awkward because there was another group next to us at the same table but hey, at least we were seated. Our waitress greeted us, and was very friendly. She took our order and we did not hear from her again for ten minutes, when she came over to inform me they were tapped out of the beer I ordered. I quickly made another choice and then we waited another three minutes or so for the drinks to be brought out. Another five minutes later our baked pretzel came out and it was very good. It came with a honey, Dijon, and stone ground mustard, all of which were very good. Our waitress then came back to take our main order. I ordered the Pig Mac, my friends got a spicy brat, and I can't remember the other. At this point we were informed that fries (and everything) is Ala cart (LAME!) so we ordered a large fry to split. The food took about ten or fifteen minutes and during that time we had to flag our waitress down twice to ask for more drinks. The food however was a bright spot for all of us. Although I did not try my friends food they both agreed it was really good. I can say that I will definitely get the Pig Mac again as it was super tasty! Next, BEWARE THE ICE BIN! During our meal we were seated close to the serving station where there is an ice bin. The staff slammed the top of that thing down every 15-30 seconds and it is loud, so loud we jumped nearly every time they slammed it shut (Yes that loud!). So to sum up, food good, service bad. Hopefully they will get a groove going when the restaurant has been around a little while as this was their first week. However if I go back and the service is still as poor, I will not be returning. Oh and lastly, on our way out, another hostess story! As we were leaving the hostess said good bye. That was nice. However as we looked to our right we noticed the take out part of the restaurant sold brats so we turned around to take a look. When we turned around to walk back in the hostess that just said good bye to us, asked if we wanted a table. You can't make this stuff up!
Tasty new addition to the Old Town Scottsdale area. Went on their opening day for lunch, then back again for dinner. They're still working out new-place kinks, but nothing serious.

For lunch I had the spicy brat and sweet peppers. For dinner the chorizo sausage and chutney. You can't go wrong on either the basic or premier sausages, but if you're unsure what to try go for a sweet/spicy combo. Like the spicy brat and a sweet topping, or sweet brat and spicy toping. If you like sauerkraut, it's all homemade (like the sausages) so give it a try. If you don't like sauerkraut, you're a strange person and should probably not go to a bratwurst house. And I feel bad for you. I'm sorry.

Where was I... oh yes, their belgian fries are great, and I am a fan of the sriracha aoli dipping sauce. Of course, they pretty much had me at "sriracha". 

Their beer list is very well rounded. I'm not a huge fan of belgians and german beer, so was a little worried, but there is plenty of great beer there to drink across the whole spectrum. Chatted up Ben The Beer Baron for a while, and he definitely knows his stuff. Don't be shy about asking him for recommendations.
I recently checked out this place after a friend had a craving for a hot dog/brat. I was curious to see how this place was, now that it was taking over the space that was previously Oregano's. The area that was once parking is now an awesome wide open patio area. And the fans going in the patio area made it bearable to be out there. 

I wanted to guest chef sausage, but sadly, they were out, so I ended up going with the beer brat with relish. It was yummy. There was bit of heat to it, but not too much, just enough to keep it from needing any condiments to help in the taste department. They offered not only the usual, but they had a section for gourmet and exotic meats. Also got a side of fries with their hush hush sauce and their chipotle aioli. Their hush hush is reminiscent of In N Out's sauce which was yummy as was their chipotle sauce. They did offer ketchup and curry ketchup, but I didn't really indulge in that, but the curry ketchup was good with a fry or two. I did appreciate their beer selection. I tried their Lindemans framboise and their one that was apple. I think next time some of the other beers need to be tried but in the boot :P
I was here for lunch earlier in the week and really enjoyed my experience at the Brat Haus.  The interior space is split into two areas and is now decorated in a military/industrial theme to a certain extent.

The menu is meat-centric although they do have a few salads.  I chose the sweet brat with apricot onions.  I also liked dipping the brat in the honey mustard sauce that was available at the table.

I'll come back another time and start trying the large selection of craft beers they have on tap.
Fantastic beers, beer-knowledgeable servers, great but limited food menu, and extremely pleasant outdoor seating in a lovely courtyard off the street.  couldn't be better unless it was walking distance from my house!
I definitely wondered what I'd be able to get at Brat Haus when I went to the newly opened Old Town Scottsdale restaurant that has replaced the old Oregano's location. The dining spot, owned by Chef Payton Curry (formerly of Caffe Boa) and business partner Dave Andrea, doesn't have their menu listed online, but I figured I'd at least be able to eat some Belgian-style fries if there weren't any vegetarian options.

Thankfully, there were plenty of veggie noms to choose from, including salads, pretzels and a vegan grain brat, which I got and thought was decent, though the mashed consistency was not the meat-like one I would have preferred.

I topped it with some great spicy peppers and some of those delicious fries (a small is only $1.75 -- get it with the Sriracha Aioli)), and I was really pleased with the price and portion of the meal.

If you're a meat-eater, you have a lot of choices, in the form of about a dozen types of brats that include exotic types such as rabbit and rattlesnake ($5.75-$8.75), plus burgers. There was also a "guest" brat by local Chef Justin Beckett, with proceeds benefiting charity, which I thought was an awesome idea. And with even more toppings to choose from (aprciot onion chutney, sauerkraut, root beer onions), the combinations really seem endless.

My friend got a chicken brat with the spicy peppers and said it was great. I wish there had been wheat bun options, but overall, I enjoyed my meal.

Save room for the Drunken Date Cake dessert ($5), a toffee cake made with dates and served drizzled in caramel. The dessert is a must-have and tasted scrumptiously every bite, and since it's nothing something I would normally ever order, I was highly impressed.

Brat Haus should also be known for its large selection of American, German and Belgian beers. They have a ton I've never even heard of, plus they have my favorite, Lindemans Framboise. My friend got the Sawtooth Ale from Left Hand Brewing Company, and I got a housemade strawberry soda ($4), which was very interesting but not sweet enough for me -- I'd probably stick with water over that.

The atmosphere reminded me of The Vig in Arcadia. There is a huge patio, and I could picture lots of crowds lounging around, especially in the cooler months.

Brat Haus also includes both a bar and fast-service restaurant in separate locations on the property, with the darkly lit bar looking more like a romantic spot than a rowdy one. With the very reasonably priced menu items, I thought the decor was perfect and even chic, considering the menu.

Something I wasn't crazy about was the music, with the playlist including everything from *NSYNC to country music. I would have almost preferred some classic German music to the all-over-the-place music we heard -- or, at the very least, the DJ-delivered hipster stylings of a place such as Hanny's. Maybe music isn't something that means a lot to some diners, but for me, it can affect my whole meal, and I was confused by the musical theme the restaurant was projecting.

I'd love to go back to Brat Haus soon to try a salad and a pretzel, and I especially can't wait to revisit their patio in the upcoming fall months.
Servers are top notch, food is impeccably crafted, atmosphere is amazing. A step above, truly and irrevocably. Taste everything!
Simply outstanding!  The exact type of location my husband and I have been seeking since we returned from Europe last  year.  The food was portioned perfectly, the beers were excellent and the staff + atmosphere was as close to a beer garden as we have found in AZ.  After one visit we knew we'd be regulars.  PROST!!!
Went there for the pre-opening party and had the opportunity to sample everything.  This place is great, just what old town needed- something DIFFERENT!! They have 25 beers on tap tht have been carefully selected and can suggest what drink goes best with your meal! Plus they serve food late night that fantastic! 
RUN to this place!!
I love the concept, I love the decor, I love the idea, hopefully the food can catch up. 

We knew going opening week would be under par as the staff tries to gain their groove, so we went in with I'd say low expectations. We weren't disappointed. Our server knew nothing about the products on the menu or the beverages offered. 

My friends each got craft brews and were offered non-chilled glasses, they opted to just drink out of the bottle. I tried the Strawberry fields cocktail. It tasted purely of artificial syrup - nothing fresh about it, and I couldn't tell if the Vodka made it in the glass or not.

We decided to start with the Pretzel and then each opted for different Brats so we could share and get a variety. The pretzel didn't come out till the brats did - so much for ordering an app. When it did finally arrive it was a very dark brown and somewhat mangled look,  we could have gotten past that if it at least tasted good, but not only was this pretzel an eye sore, it was a mouth sore. It was everything you don't want a pretzel to be - tough, chewy and burnt. Finally, the Brats... the Brats themselves weren't bad, but the Brat:Bread Ratio was way off. We received these huge Brat buns that were easily double the size of the actual brat. I wouldn't call myself a Brat aficionado I just can't imagine how you screw up such a simple and easy item - especially if you are the "Brat Haus". The one item of the whole evening actually worth noting was the Apricot Chutney, it was flavorful and the only reason I was able to finish my bready meal. 

I would be up to giving them another chance, it seems everyone else had a much better experience. I hate to leave bad reviews, but hey, you can't win them all!
I was incredibly excited to learn about the opening of this establishment. I'm a fan of Wurstkuche in LA and try to go there when I'm in town (which isn't often, considering my total distaste for that entire city) and was happy to hear that there would be something similar in my neck of the words (albeit in Scottsdale--who sort of wants to be LA but just....isn't). 

This place blows Wurstkuche out of the water.

1) The patio, even though it was 105 on a Saturday evening, was extremely comfortable due to the huge mister they've installed. Feel free to sit out on it..you'll be comfortable enough.

2) The service was fantastic the entire night. I was sure that the evening would be a total cluster**** because it was the first Saturday night they would be open. I expected long food and drink waits and general order and ticketing screw ups. None of that happened, even though there were 9 of us on 4 different checks and we were there for three hours. The servers and the food runners were all extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the beer, the food, and what toppings/mustards went well with what. I don't know who Payton has doing his front of the house training (it's probably him, anyway), but kudos to educating your team.

3) The ingredients are fresh and the food is all crafted in house. All sausages are made in house (and they're for sale at the front counter if you want to take them to go). The kraut is handmade. The pickles are handmade. I believe they bake their own bread. The pretzels are handmade. The fries are hand cut. All of the sauces are handmade (the hush hush sauce, a very close variant to Thousand Island dressing, had their chopped homemade pickles in it). Anything they don't make in house is purchased from local vendors/farms. 

4) The beer selection rules. Belgian prices, as stated, are a bit overpriced if you ask me. However, they have some great American-made Belgian Style options (finally got around to trying a Green Flash Le Freak and it did NOT disappoint). Don't be an ahole and order a Bud Light--which they don't have. (Although, I did see they have PBR in the can there...guess it's for the hipsters).

5) The food is just really really good. Strong flavors, perfectly seasoned good. Everyone at the table had something different and everyone raved about how good their sausages were. We were also lucky enough to sample a just-crafted recipe that wasn't on the menu yet--a beer cheese fondue served with their house made pretzels. Even though we were all stuffed, we managed to devour it. Dessert was also fantastic; that drunken date cake is a must try. 

Rumors abound that there will be other locations--I'm keeping my fingers crossed for a downtown location as it's closer to my house. Until then, I can't imagine we won't be making regular treks to this new place. Congrats, Payton.
This is the first visit for Peg and me to this fun place. We have followed Chef Curry for years and you KNOW when you read his background and affiliations that he is one of the great ones in the Valley. This ain't your Hormel in a bun!  Peg had the Duck, Duck, Dates sausage and I had the Guest Chef Sausage (Chef Justin Beckett's BBQ pork and jalapeno..some proceeds going to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society). The Chopped Wedge Salad was great, the pretzel was stupidly good with choices of mustards (honey and whole grain were just  scrumptious). and the Belgian fries were crispy...without being asked to be made that way. This is indeed a go-back.  Dr. B
German beer on tap, delicious brats (even vegan brats!) and an atmosphere that is ridiculously laid back you can't do better for an evening with friends! Btw drunken date cake, as good as or better than pizziokie... You decide.  Finally, bonus points for those who recognize who/what the logo is based on.
The brats were pretty tasty, though there are better more flavorful available.  The buns are not quite right.  We tried one of the pretzels and while the mustard was spot on the first pretzel wasn't cooked right and the chef disposed of it and brought us a new one.  The new one was only marginally better.  Should have been softer with a nice crust and sea salt on top... big disappointment there.

Also the price, was an issue for the the money you should get a side dish, frys, potato salad, something to lessen the kick in the pants.
Great food, atmosphere, and beer selection however a couple details are missing. 

Me and some friends went and checked out Brat Haus in the afternoon/evening on a Friday night and overall it was a great experience. I was impressed with the menu and love the concept of beer first, food second. I had the spicy brat with an assortment of toppings which came out to around $7, which I would say was worth it.  We also got a large fries as an appetizer and I was very impressed, especially with the dipping sauces.

Why not 5 stars? I have run in to this WAY too much from places like Brat Haus. They set a great German mood with their Brats and import craft beer selection, so you really start to get into a German pub mindset then......Nickleback comes blasting onto the speakers. You put all this effort into making me feel like I am in a German, craft beer, easy going environment, but then you play a pop station that plays Nickleback and Lady Gaga. Take a couple days, make a playlist that goes with your atmosphere, this is important! The crowd here isn't the typical Scottsdale crowd, so they shouldn't play the typical Old Town Scottsdale music.

Other than this, great place and I will definitely be returning to play that strange washers game!
awesome clean brew house .. great friendly staff from the poor girl outside in this HOT HELLISH Az sun who managed to have this perfect smile  to the gents who greeted Us at the door, that's a great first impression ... out door seating in the Spring will be great , we opted for the bar, great choice here, considering the Staff was will gifted with What was on the menu , and offered great suggestions right out of the shoot ! 
 
love the feel cool open vibe that this place has going on , list of beers on the wall was impressive , great selections , puts you in the mood for a iced cold bier ( beer)   Then the menu , oh boy , even if there were a few choices , that's all you need right there... one spicy brat with kraut . one chorizo with pickled red onions,PICKLED with lots of care in mind.   then the Heavens opened !   Great job guys , there is NO one in town doing this , and you guys are right on target here !  fresh Pretzels WHAT ???? holy Lard on !   what could be better than this !   You WILL See me back there in no doubt , and the hundreds that WILL see my Social net friends
Sorry, not impressed!  I was so excited to take our family to dinner here tonight (7-13-2012)  I think I worked myself up on expectations and everything fell short.  

First, we were told a 10 min wait for a table for 2 adults and 4 kids, we waited over 45 minutes and watched everyone who came in behind us get seated.  Imagine the anxiousness of our kids!!  While waiting, the host asked us if we wanted anything, but then told us that she couldn't actually serve us???  What?  She then proceeded to tell us to get up and go order whatever we wanted from the cashier at the bar, but that they couldn't serve us because they were afraid the kitchen would get overwhelmed!!!  Ok, really?  The hosts need a lot of training, a lot!!!!

Finally, we get a table, we ordered some beer brats, Haus burgers and some fries.  Everything was just "ok".  The buns are way bigger than the brats, a couple of the buns were soggy, the sauerkraut tasted like it came out of a can and was cold!  Pretzel was good, dipping sauces were unique and good.  Prices for food were fair, but the beer was expensive.

The ambiance was great, clean and new.  But I didn't come to spend $75  to look at some furnishings and interior design work.  The waiter himself tried hard and did a good job.  He brought our kids free cookies as an apology, I didn't actually get one, but they told me the cookies rocked!  I wish he would have given the bill to the kids too!

Really wish this was a good review, but it just started all wrong with a terrible first impression.  I would wait to visit after a few months of them trying to get it right, or, just don't waste your time or $$ at all!!
THE GERMANS ARE HERE THE GERMANS ARE HERE!!!(please read aloud in a German accent).

The Germans have arrived to Old Town Scottsdale and have brought their wieners with them. The Brathaus recently opened in the ever so familiar yet always at least hour wait location Oregano's used to be in. 

First thing first I have to give kudos to whoever had the idea o get ride of those 4 parking spots Oregano's had and turned it into an open beer garden. Genius! 

The Brathaus set up very similar to how Oregano's used to be expect now the building on the right is filled with 20+ craft international beers on tap. And if you want the true experience upgrade that craft beer to a DAS BOOT!

Now on to the food. A relatively simple menu and its exactly what you think brats, burgers and boxed water? Ya they have boxed water apparently its the best water in the world....for $10 a case it better be the drinking fountain of youth. 

The bottom line is you get  a choice of brat from spicy, beer, sweet...the list goes on. Then you get a choice of traditional toppings 3 are included each one after that is .75cents a piece. For your side I would recommend sharing a large fries and make sure to ask for the dipping sauces they are awesome! 

My brat was good I got a beer brat with sauerkraut relish and spicy pickles. It was cooked well, toppings were good and plentiful. If I had to critique I would say the bun was a little dry but that's if I had to say something. 

Now we went on day 5 of them being open so talking about the service isn't totally fair so I'll be nice. The service was pretty lets say overwhelmed. We waited in front of the bar for close to 30 minutes before the bartender even noticed us. Then the food took a while but everything did come out right the first time. However I will say  our server was working his tail off to make sure everything was right so his effort offset the delays. 

I will be going back to the BratHaus and hope this one of a kind spot in Scottsdale stays around for a while. I mean you can't beat a good beer and a brat.
Tonight was actually our second night at the Brat Haus - the first time we went for a few beers, a game of washers, and to try the bavarian pretzels - they were absolutely delicious that night  so we decided to go back...and soon.

We had a very different experience tonight.  After being seated we waited for 10-15 minutes before a server greeted us - he said that he would figure out who our server was but took our beer order.  When our server arrived she didn't apologize, nor did she introduce herself, she dropped off our beers, quickly took our order and was off.  It was another 45-50 minutes before our food arrived.  My husband ordered a beer brat, something he grew up with in Wisconsin and has made himself time to time.  He said that it was peppery and had no beer flavor and he didn't enjoy it at all.  He made better beer brats himself last weekend and the man is no chef!  I had ordered the vegan grain sausage and what I was presented with was a soft veggie burger.  I was a little confused but ate it anyway, it was rather bland and the "burger" part of it not at all crisp.  I was really excited for my "fake brat" so that was a disappointment and, frankly, should be listed under the burger section if that is the "sausage".  We ordered the fries as well which were ok - we would have loved to get them a little earlier if we'd known it was going to take so long to prepare our meals.

After dinner we had another round of beers and ordered another pretzel - this time, the pretzel we received was rock hard and not at all enjoyable to eat.  We had asked for honey mustard and curry ketchup and received honey on the plate.  After 2 hours we had finally paid our bill and walked quickly away from a bad dining experience.

The only positive thing I can say about this place at this point is that the beer is decent, but it's not the only place in Phoenix with decent beer.

I'm not sure what was going on with this place tonight, but I hope they figure things out.  This is exactly the kind of concept of a place we would go to regularly but after tonight my husband said he won't go back.
$12 for a normal draft size Belgian beer.  It's not that much elsewhere in the valley.  Insane.  I feel bad for people who order it without having seen the menu with the prices on it.

Pretzels were fresh, hot, and delicious.  They're not authentic German style ones, by the way, but they are good for what they are.  The grain mustard was a little disappointing because it was so mild.  Fries were delicious.  Glassware is a nice plus.

Parking is even worse than the old Oreganos here because they nixed the interior spots too.  Staff seemed rather ignorant of beers they serve and beer in general, and this place is promoted as a beer destination.

UPDATE: bad service is more common on recent visits, including some attitude from one of the servers for no good reason.  Falafel appetizer was horribly dry and unpleasant on last visit too.  

Looking forward to the Union Barrel House opening up next door which is supposed to be a craft beer destination sort of place.
Stopped in to this place which lives lives in two small buildings for lunch today, joined by Robyn N. & Mike C.  Mike & I split a "Pig Mac" & a "Python Ripper".

The Pig Mac was a burger with 1/4 lb. of hamburger plus 1/4 lb. of pork sausage, plus lettuce, pickle, carmelized onion, & sauce.  It tasted good, but I liked it less than a similar sized burger at Smashburger, Five Guys or Fatburger.  ($7.25)

The Python hot dog ($8.75) was plain, but for the mustard you add yourself, & had a tasty but skinny snake weiner in it.  Ok, not just his weiner.     :-))

Seating was uncomfortable to me, sitting on a high, hard stool at a high table.

Service was friendly & prompt.

By the time it was over this cost just under $19, & both Mike & I were still hungry when we left, so even though the snake dog was an interesting treat this was a pretty weak experience overall & it's not a place I would return to.
Had lunch here with Robyn N. and Rand H. the place was nice with lots of friendly staff. I had the pig mac and the rattle snake sausage (python no rattlesnake today) Well the food was ok but not outstanding and I think it was not worth the price. If the order would have come with fries i would have given them another star. Ate there an hour ago and I am hungry already.
I was teetering between rating this place a 3 or a 4, but went with the 4 because at the end of the day, I know we'll be back.

We stopped by Saturday night after a lonnnnnng day of home repairs. The hubs deserved some good eats, so we headed over to the Brat Haus, as my hubs is a lover of all thing meat. (Wait, that can come off in a bad way... nevermind. He loves dead animal. How about that?)

We arrived shortly after a massive rain storm had hit, and the sky was still pretty dark & grey. The hostess immediately went to serve us outside, and I asked "What is the plan should it start to rain again?" Her answer: "Ummm... I guess just run as fast as you can inside." Cute. I'm 6 months pregnant. Not happening. I ask her if there is anything inside available - and she says no. I told her we'd wait. And she sort of huffed back to the hostess stand. Sorrrryyyyy for not wanting to get stuck in the rain.

We get back to the hostess area, and take a seat. We took a look and see how the place had changed from the Oregano's days. It was really neat! They took the parking area and created a large patio-type-seating place. Definitely would be great on a spring afternoon. As we were told that it'd be 15 minutes before we could be sat, imagine our surprise when moments later the hostess walked over and said, "I just bused a table inside for you, so we are set." Hooray!

We walked inside, and to our surprise THERE WAS NO ONE SEATED INSIDE. Well, that's a lie, there were two couples. But there were about 15 seats available. Seriously? No seating inside? I get annoyed with bad service far more than I get annoyed by bad food. 

So we sit. Our server pops over and explains the menu. Quite an interesting selection of Brats, and I was happy to see they had burgers & salads as well. The hubs ordered a beer (forgot the name) and I ordered a root beer. We also ordered a pretzel to split.

The pretzel came, and was HOT. Fresh out of the oven, which is awesome, however it was SO hot we couldn't eat it for about five minutes while it cooled. When it was cooled, we took bites and it was good! Not life changing, but it worked. The root beer was Dad's Rootbeer, served ice-cold out of the bottle. The hubs said his beer was 'thick'. I took his word for it, but he finished it & liked it.

 For dinner, the hubs ordered the 'celebrity chef special' brat which that week was something by Justin Beckett, and I ordered a cheese burger. We also ordered a side of fries to split.

The food came quickly and was yummy. The hubs ordered his Brat with the rootbeer onions on top, which were OK, but he thinks he'll go a different direction in the future. My burger was awesome - perfectly cooked and the sides & sauces on top were perfectly mixed. The 'Hush Hush' sauce they put on top is basically a thousand island... or McDonald's 'Secret' sauce. Get it? Hush-Hush vrs Secret Sauce? Hilar.

The fries were good, and the sauce we had selected - the Blue Cheese Bacon - to dip them in was good. Kind of watery, but you definitely got a smoked bacon taste as you ate.

We were meeting friends for dessert or I would have been ALL OVER the shakes or floats I saw heading out of the kitchen. 

We'll definitely go back and try more menu items... I'll just make sure not to have high expectations for the hostess staff. For now at least...
Well, what a pleasant surprise!  I stopped by with my children to check it out - planning to eat elsewhere because my daughter eats gluten-free, etc., etc.  Then I met Payton Curry and realized what he and the Brat Haüs are all about.  Great food and a desire to serve!  Payton delivered on fantastic organic salads that were gluten, egg, dairy, and soy-free and tasted great!  And he threw in a few organic surprises.  Now I have a place to eat phenomenal Moroccan lamb hot dogs while my daughter can enjoy healthy food.  On our second trip, Payton remembered us and came out to let us know he had made some falafel (in the shape of a sausage, of course) and offered my daughter one in a salad or a lettuce wrap.  She chose the wrap (more fun) and loved it.  I have NEVER had personalized service like this!  Cool place, cool patio, great beer selection, great-tasting unique food selections, and, best of all, great people!  Congrats Dave and Payton!
Nothing like a weenier and a beer to get your weekend started right! 

Met some friends at the Brat Haus to try the new place out.... and it was great! I liked it because it was different... brats, fries & beer! What more could you want! Oh yeah - home made pretzels! Everything was delicious! 

I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a laid-back, chilled atmosphere with great food and beer of course!
If there's German food or beer in the Phoenix area, you better bet your bottom dollar I'll know about it. 

I came here the day after it had opened and it was pretty slammed but we only had to wait about 20 minutes for a seat. While we waited, we were able to go over to the bar area and get ourselves a beer. The beer list is so great, it took me 5 minutes to decide which one to get first. I started with a Bell's draft for the wait (I know, I know - getting an American beer at this place? But Bell's is the bees knees and not many places have them on draft so Brat Haus gets a big star for that). 

Once we got seated, the waiter came over and was extremely friendly and attentive. Every time I go to a restaurant shortly after they open, there's usually always some hiccups - spotty service, out of certain menu items, etc., but that wasn't the case at all! Everything seemed to be running smooth like they'd been open for months already. 

I got the spicy brat and the #5 Hefe for dinner. We also split fries and the pretzel. Hands down best pretzel I've ever had! 

The ambiance is great, they have a beer menu to make even the most decisive person become an indecisive little girl, and the menu makes me want to keep coming back until I try everything. 

Go here.
Love love love love love this place. Did I mention that I love it?

What's not to love? Awesome selection of beer and brats. Awesome setting. Awesome service. Oh, and awesome prices - as in they won't break your bank like a lot of places in Scottsdale will.

If you like brats and beer (and even pretzels!) you owe it to yourself to get there soon.
Indulged myself in some German dining this past weekend. It was a great atmosphere and the food tasted awesome. The pretzels were  unreal! Everyone was extremely kind, especially the hostess (dark hair). The wait was a little longer than I had hoped, but she made an effort to ensure we were doing well, and she kept us up to speed with why it was taking a little longer. Great service and I strongly recommend it.

Nick H.
Had dinner on 7/19. We were promptly greeted and sat at a long bar table inside. I really liked the atmosphere, very clean and modern, but still warm with the wooden tables. We ordered the specialty brat by Chef Beckett with pickled onions as well as the kosher brat with kraut. All of their ingredients are homemade I as I was informed by our waitress. I really liked the Dijon mustard and thought the kraut was fresh, not too salty. We also ordered fries with dipping sauces. I assume the fries are twice fried, so if you like them crunchy, order them up. The truffle aioli and bleu cheese bacon dipping sauces were best. Sriracha dipping sauce is a good concept, but wasn't particularly flavorful. 

The beer selection is great! Green Flash Palate Wrecker was priced very well, as was the Rasputin we ordered. A nice selection of a variety of beers, which I thought were fairly priced. (Sorry to Bud and Coors fans, get your cheap beer-water fix elsewhere).
Had dinner there last night with my partner. Solid and friendly greeting.  We sat at the bar. Fun and informed staff. Mgr checked in on food taste. Had kosher beef and beer brat pls small fries and potato salad.  All tasty. Bun seemed a little large for the dogs. Dogs could be a little bigger but price was right. Beer was cold and fresh. Had German hefeweiss in brewery glassware. Nice touch. Will return. Hope they carve a niche for themselves. Would go back for the beer daily if I could
Had lunch here last week with Rand H and Mike C at my suggestion.  The menu looked at awesome and I couldn't wait to try the brats.  I had the Duck, Duck, Dates with the apricot sauce on top.  The sausage was very tasty, but it sure was a tiny little thing!  They could have served it with a roll 1/2 the size and eased up on the amount of the apricots, which totally masked the flavor.  I also had the fries, which were very good, and the blue cheese bacon dipping sauce that had no flavor at all and looked like milk more than a dipping sauce.  I also loved the pickled veggies they served with the sandwich.

I am not a fan of high top tables either, and the only regular tables are outside.  

The food was great, but as far as value goes, there are much better options out there.  I'd go back if I were in the area and hungry, but doubt I'd go out of my way to come back.
Had a hankering for grilled hot dogs with all the fixins',  when my husband came home and mentioned Brat Haus.  Newly opened in Oregano's old flagship location in Old Town Scottsdale, this place was great!  The servers are all attentive and helpful with suggestions and the beers are plentiful.  We enjoyed a Spaten Oktoberfest and a Krombacher Pils.  With over two dozens brews on draft, it was hard to decide. No domestics here, friends, and that's the way it should be.  We were recommended the fundido, stone hearth-baked pretzels, perfectly salted and served with a creamy cheese sauce and spicy mustard. For dinner, the Spicy Brat with root beer grilled onions and Apricot Onion Chutney.  They use Niman Ranch pork, chicken and beef for all of their sausages which made me instantly add another star to my review.  The  Spicy Brat's casing was perfect...soft yet snappy and not too thick. I was happy with the sausage. Next time, I'll order the Beer Brat. The Apricot Chutney was also delicious! For our side, we chose fries with Truffle Aioli and Bleu Cheese-Bacon Sauce.  Both of their sauces were good as well. For dessert...well, I was way too full to even consider it, but when Dave Andrea himself highly suggest you get the Drunken Date Cake...you DO IT! I will return JUST to get a piece of this cake again.  Dave was right...the cake did not make it to the next day. Made with oatmeal stout and topped with ice cream and caramel sauce...this was phenomenal. My husband and I fought over who got the last bite!   We will definitely return!
Great beer (duh) and great food!  The menu was concise and paired well with the beers we selected.  My kid had this amazing Vanilla Jellybean Soda, and my beet salad and pretzel were awesome!  My hubby liked his burger and fries.  We were planning on brats for dinner so we had to pass on them for lunch.  It will be on the list the next time we visit.

Disappointing were the mustards, really.  For a German themed restaurant, bland mustards are NOT the way to go.  

The bonus was that we got to meet one of the owners.  To be fair, it was the first week it opened so they were very active in the operations.  I don't think that will last much longer if it is still going on.  Our server was a little odd... made for a couple uncomfortable interactions.  He wasn't horrible, just odd.  I think we got an incorrect beer too - hubby is a professional brewer and I have worked in craft beer and wine for almost 10 years, we kinda know our beers.

BUT we are totally going back and we are totally sitting in the beer garden.

Parking stinks though.  Just know you will be parking a little ways away.
Had dinner here with my bf's family and I really enjoyed the food! First, we had the pretzel appetizer that the waiter recommended and it was fairly addicting. It was so fresh we had to wait a while for it to cool down. It came with cheese fondue and special spicy mustard. I ended up getting the pig mac burger and the bf got the spicy brat with pickled peppers. We split both and boy it was good. The burger consists of 1/4 lb sausage & 1/4 lb beef. It was cooked so well and it was super filling. They have a hush hush sauce which is comparable to a thousand island based sauce. The spicy brat was probably one of the best I've had considering I am not a huge brat fan. Both items had quality bread. We got a large order of the fries to share amongst the table and they were awesome. I recommend the chipotle aioli dipping sauce, the bleu cheese- bacon sauce was alright but I wish we had tried the sriracha aioli sauce instead. They have a good selection of beers and the staff is very helpful. I would definitely recommend giving this place a shot!
When you can parallel park in front of Salty's on a Friday night you know it's meant to be. 

Look, for $6 you can stuff your face with one of the best damned sausages in the world. With or without the tasty bun. Your sausage comes with your choice of condiment (I chose the pickle relish for my beer brat and the sauerkraut for the lamb sausage) and if you have another $6 you can get a pint of Hefeweizen to accompany the sausage. Maybe dig around in your money belt and locate another $6 and order a Chimay instead of a Hefe? It'll come in an authentic Chimay glass, as will the other super legit crafty beers on the menu.

Try out the home made pretzel, but you don't need to dip it in fundido because the mustard is quite good and some fusion just doesn't quite work. Seriously...I know it's AZ and all, but that's a miss of a combination.

The staff is attentive and they know the menu well enough to riff with you on pairing beers with what you order from the food column. Our server said something about a Nutella-chocolate-malted shake at the end of the meal so we had to add that experience to the meal and it didn't disappoint at all. So good, in fact, that Nutella will be added to all home made milkshakes in my blender from now on.

I would come back again and again and again to Brat Haus.
I love what they have done with the place post Oregano's. The patio is fantastic and the bar area is dark and intimate and perfect for conversation. I tried the beer brat with sauerkraut - simple and amazing! I didn't get to try one of the dozens of German and Belgian beers on tap this time.
Enjoyed a special of three sausages and special sides server gabe was incredible truffle aïoli dipping sauce was fantastic with very generous order of small fries Will return
Did lunch today, first time there. Brat had decent flavor but I had a hard time finding it; the poor little thing was lost in the roll.  The bread to meat ratio was about 3 to 1 and that does not make for a good sandwich.  The belgian fries were also a bit disappointing.  Fine flavor-wise but they were all only about a 3/4 inch to 1 inch long.  Very strange, especially considering the focus on dipping sauces.  You could not dip them without getting your fingers in the sauce.  Sevice was OK, atmosphere more of a bar than a restaurant.  Overall not worth the drive.
Went today for lunch with a friend. I started off with the Krombacher Pils. She had..... a different beer. I had the solo burger. She had the Pig Mac. Both burgers were excellent. My bun was a little unsupportive. Burger buns need to have some substance to them so they don't fall apart, which this one did. A double would have been a disaster. We also split an order of fries and they were well done to perfect tubes of goodness. However just as another reviewer mentioned, they are short fries. Maybe an inch long. And then they want you to dip them. Hmmm. 

Parking is ok. You either have to pull into the driveway just before it or use the Needlepoint store lot down the street and walk around the corner. It felt a little warm inside. Not sure if the AC was working properly. It's a small place (both sides) and not a lot of seating. KInd of cramped quarters.

Our server was awesome. He mentioned that they hired 50 people to start off with and now they are down to the staff that know their product and will be focused on customer service. Good. 

One thing that impressed me was that they offer a service that no one else does.(that I know of anyway) If you have had one too many beers you can hire a cab. It is $20 and two people arrive. One to drive you and one to drive your car to your house. Why hasn't anyone thought of this before? 

The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the seating. I'm a short person. Trying to hike myself up onto the high stools isn't easy or ladylike and the only low tables and chairs are outside. In the heat. In Arizona. In the summer. I'm looking forward to trying out the beer garden once it cools off. 

Lastly I did take several pretzels home. Just baked and right from the oven. I was pleased with their size and consistency. They were legit. 

Next I will go back with my husband and son and try some other goodies- especially the nutella shake! Oh. Yes.

I'll let you know how it goes.
We dropped in for lunch about a week ago with some pretty high expectations. On first sight it was a great spot and it was exceptional to see that the parking spots in the center of the compound gone and replaced with tables. The tables did seem a bit sparce and I imagine they will add more as outdoor volume dictates. The new mural was very cool, but the guy who painted it must have been stoned, in a good way though.
The place was busy mid week for a late lunch and that was a great sign that all was going well with this new concept, because so many of downtown restaurants would have been empty this time of day. Greetings were friendly as expected, but service was just a tad off, probably just because they are still new, I imagine and expect it to get better with some time.
On to the food, The brats- SUBLIME!!!! amazing and I was sad I could only eat one. The Pretzle was abosolutly the very BEST I have ever had anywhere. this is a great start to something great. 
What I didnt like was you had to choose add ons like toppings and sauces and that could add up fast if you feel ike sampling. Thats also where the missteps started to happen, The root beer onions must have been from the bottom of the batch cause they were way to soft, reminded me of the texture of over cooked angel hair pasta. The Hush Hush Sauce was SO SO and the Siracha Aioili was just thin and flavorless. The fries were just ok so the sauces didnt save them. The small smattering of pickled veggies just seemed chintzie and a little on the soft side.
Will I be back to the Brat Haus... You Bet!!! This place has so much potential, and I cant wait to grab a table on the patio and drink beer, lots of beer, and wash the beer down with brats and pretzles. I also hope my negetive food observations change as I expect they will. 
You need to give this place a try, It's a great new addition to Old Town!!!
A lousy hot dog stand with expensive beer.
Four of us went for lunch Sunday. Server was great, but service was slow because she had tables outside and we were inside. Ordered brats and they were severely overlooked and bad. The spicy one was so bad that it was hard all the way thru. The cook ought to go to Ted's to see how good brats are cooked!
Tried Belgian Fries and they were so overcooked that they were black brown in color and totally crispy.
Draft beer was almost warm and very expensive. 
Food was very expensive too.
Food served was cool, probably because it came from a building next door. We were in bar.
Bill for 4 lunches and a couple of beers was over $160.
My summary: A BAD HOT DOG STAND, OVERLY EXPENSIVE, WITH SOME GOOD BEERS ON TAP...BUT WARM.
Will never go back.
Nice relaxed atmosphere. Delicious but expensive beer. $8 Brats that don't fill the bun. Hard wooden wobbly stools.
I will warn right off, I may be slightly biased in my opinion of this place, because of my incredibly pleasant first visit here. Is that such a bad thing though?

When I first arrived and seated myself at the bar, I was surprised to find that there were 3 people seated at the bar who I knew. Then lo and behold, I knew the bartender as well! Naturally, this resulted in a rather warm greeting and an instant level of comfort.

Next up was to get a good look at the beer list, which I had already heard many positive things about, despite this place only having been open for a couple of weeks. I must admit, their selection is rather impressive; unfortunately, it is Scottsdale prices. This means that each beer has been marked up a few dollars extra on top of your typical bar prices. It's not enough to steer me away from the place, but enough to elicit a bit of a cringe when the bill arrives. I ended up having a couple of very delicious German and Belgian beers, a couple of which I had (amazingly) never had before.

Finally, the thing that thie place is named and known for: their bratwurst. I was a little unsure what all they could do with bratwurst to make an entire restaurant concept out of it. Well let me tell you, they pulled it off brilliantly. I had a DUCK bratwurst and I was not in the least disappointed. A friend of mine also had a "rabbit & hops" bratwurst which he claimed was tasty. At some point I want to go back and give the rattlesnake bratwurst a shot. That selection is certainly enough to keep the curious coming back! I just need to save up a few dollars to cover the cost of the beers...
Oregano's decided to move from their classic old town location just up the road to the old Sugar Daddy's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sugar-daddys-scottsdale) which I didn't approve of because they are trading in their cool ambiance for a chain like atmosphere #superweak especially cause ambiance is what got them where they are at today.  Anyway Brat Haus took over the old Oregano's spot which in itself is fantastic because they are already winning at that location, the patio is still huge and there are still several indoor dining areas that have been remodeled but still feel homey and comfortable.  They have a huge on tap beer selection and a nice menu of crazy brat options, for example the exotic section has rattlesnake and duck brats which I'm intrigued by but I'd rather play it safe.  Speaking of play it safe I DIDN'T, I look the waitress's recommendation of the Thai Chicken brat which was shockingly delicious and flavorful, service was quick and on point, the waitress was nice, attentive and attractive +1
Impressive beer list (Delirium Tremens on tap!), delicious brats (I had the Spicy, friend had the Thai Chicken), and amazing fries with oh-so-not-healthy-but-oh-so-yummy dipping sauces. Our waiter Chris was friendly, funny and took great care of us!  Looking forward to going back. 

PS. Beer prices are definitely Scottsdale prices though, so that's why I gave 4 stars.
I reeeeaaaallly wanted to love this place. Maybe my expectations were just too high.

We went last night, it was quiet and our server was VERY ATTENTIVE. Which was a little much-there was at least one time that he reminded himself that he already asked us the same question, and he even would wait to watch my husband try his beer. Which, of course, I know is better than the alternative, but seriously he could've gave us a little space. 

The brats were great but smallish portions. We got fries-good, and a salad-meh. The spinach salad was sold out, so we got the cobb and it was just so-so.

I guess I feel like overall the concept is giving mixed messages:

-brat haus is all about brats! no wait-beer! the name of the restaurant features food-brats specifically, but then the menu says they created the food to complement beer. The menu doesn't pair up food specifically with beer. It felt like it would be a good place known for drinking (like casey moores), but features a menu that reads like it's a restaurant.

-brat haus is relaxed and casual like a German oktoberfest but has small portions and nickles and dimes the customers. Obviously, this is a Scottsdale restaurant, but why not just adjust the prices and include a choice of side? You go in expecting a BRAT, but you get a brat swimming in a bun. You get one topping, but are charged 75 cents for each additional. Ching ching ching. You realize you need to order fries. Or a (meh) salad. Look, just up the prices and portions so people feel like they are getting fed, otherwise people are just going to keep being disappointed. I even heard people at the next table getting a big explanation about how blah blah blah the each additional dipping sauce...that kind of stuff doesn't make a great dining experience.

I am pretty sure I will try this place again, but I am going to give it a few months and let them work the kinks out.
Love the place.old oregenos location. Get the hot pretzel with assortment of mustards. Lots of good german beers on draft. funny mini bus outside. place will be packed come spring training.
Sooo...Brat Haus was pretty amazing for me.

The beer selection was absolutely amazing. Was it pricey? Yes. I was there on a Monday night around 9 pm. They had two of my three all-time favorite beers--Bell's Two-Hearted Ale on tap and Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA. The beer trifecta would have been completed if they had Bell's Hopslam, but that is my fault for not showing up at the right season.

Sure. When the DFH 120 Minute IPA is $15/bottle, it's not cheap, but, again, it's not your mom's Black Label. The Bell's Two-Hearted Ale on tap has a wonderful aroma, and the DFH 120 had a raisin-y nose without being too malty or alcoholic. How can something at almost 20% ABV be so, to use a BSG term, fracking awesome?

The service was amazing. Both the server and bartender, at almost closing were extremely attentive, providing me with both drinks and water. Once closing time hit, I never felt the pressure to GTFO. They were great about it. A quality you don't usually encounter in bars nowadays.

As for the food? It was pretty good. But, dear readers, my main goal for that night was to try and find a venue serving Bell's. DFH was a lucky afterthought. That being said, it's got an interesting menu. It would be a shame not to try something off of it.

Given the excellent beer menu, I will definitely be back. if you like craft beer, you will love this place!
Happy hour turned into dinner .... the beer selection was great, but the brats and pretzels were even better! This is such an original venue/menu  and worth the "trek" down to old Scottsdale. Service for our big table was great - and, again, we were blown away by the delicious and authentic "German" food. My biggest complaint was the tiny indoor seating area - with our large party, the place was packed. The misted "beer garden" outside was very appealing, but just not inviting in the 110 degree heat (really, whattayah gonna do) -should be awesome once things cool down! This will definitely become a new favorite!
We tried Brat Haus at the invitation of German friends of ours.  I like a good brat and cannot remember the last time I had brats and beer.  After a summer of healthy eating I was ready to indulge a bit.

We sat on the patio in the August afternoon and were quite comfortable under the industrial strength misting system.  The tables are much like the common tables one would find in a beer garden and in this kind of setting it works well.  I can imagine making a few new friends for the evening once the weather cools off and the crowds return to outdoor. Seating.

Looking over the menu it was readily apparent that there was something special going on at Brat Haus.  The menu hints at artisan sausage makers pursuing their dream.  It is not likely that brats ever catches on as a category killer food segment, so it is nice that this spot is so focused on bringing something different to the party.  Add a nice selection of german and belgian beers, and crisp Belgian fries and the menu would be complete.  Brat Haus goes a bit further adding a couple of salads, burgers and a pulled pork sandwich.

We ordered - everyone tried something different, which was nice since there are about 15 different sausage options.  I got the spicy brat.  Others tried the sweet brat, a lamb sausage, regular brat, salad and a burger.

Everyone was very pleased with their choice.  I opted for sauerkraut on my spicy brat.  Nicely done on the kraut.  Not the sour vinegar slop from a jar found in many US grocery stores.  This kraut must be made on site because it was mild and fresh.  Tasty combo with the quite spicy brat.  The only drawback was a so-so bun.  Note to management: cut a deal with the German bakery on Indian School around 20th street or so to supply broedchen (German rolls - crusty outside chewy inside) and you will have not only the best brat in, well just about anywhere, but will have an unparalleled destination for anyone who craves something near their best experiences in central Europe.

Final note.  Our waiter was great.  I doubt this was just the luck of the draw because everyone working looked happy and engaged.  It reminded me of Oregano's,which happened to be housed in this spot on Scottsdale Road until moving a bit south.

Based on the apparent quality of ingredients, artisanal attention to details, unique offerings as wells as standby favorites, attentive and friendly service and beer selection I heartily give 4 stars,  upgrade the bun and I would cheerily upgrade to 5 stars.

Now if we could just get that Fall chill in the air to go with beers and Brats!
Welcome to Old Town, Brat Haus. Stay as long as you like! 

I am so happy that Payton Curry decided to bring his new concept to Old Town. We need more "out of the scene" spots like this! This restaurant/bar is casual, cool and nothing like many of the "sceney" spots that surround it in Old Town. Here, it's all about unique craft brews and one-of-a-kind brats. 

I like beer, but sadly I don't know my beers like I should. Brat Haus houses a selection of top notch beers from all around and for those who lack beer knowledge like me, they have a menu that describes each of the beers and even describes what the different types of beers mean. Now, if you are a beer snob or wish you could be one, this will be your brewski haven because you'll enjoy some delicious options. 

The food here has a simple concept but there's nothing simple about the thought that goes into these culinary delights. The main entree items are brats and you can enjoy classic ones like a beer brat or spicy brat, but they also have creative options like Thai Chicken brats, Spanish Pork Chorizo, Vegan Grain Sausage and even Rattlensake! I also noticed some tasty looking burgers and some yummy salad options like a Spinach salad with bacon croutons and a Chopped Wedge Salad with Bleu Cheese Bacon dressing. 

For the meal, we started with the homemade pretzels and sharp cheddar cheese fondue. The pretzel was like nothing I've ever had and I could tell it was definitely not your Costco pretzel. It was soft, salty and perfect when dipped in the fondue or the homemade mustard. Since this was my first time here, I decided to order a classic brat so I went with the beer brat. We got the large order of Belgium fries for the table to go with our brats. 

After biting into my brat, I realized that I've never had a brat like this anywhere. They were brats with a foodie-twist and definitely in a good way. I don't know what type of beer they used in the brat but it gave it a unique flavor. I ordered root beer onions and spicy peppers for my toppings. Tasty!! The Belgium fries were salty, crunchy and just what the doctor ordered. I enjoyed the variety of condiments, including curry ketchup! Everything here is a simple concept but with a culinary and unique twist. Even the pickles weren't your average "from a jar pickle." They were round! 

This is definitely being added to my list of Old Town favorites and I can't wait to come back and visit, especially when the whether cools down and we can utilize they spacious patio!
Pro:  quality food, nice ambiance, good service and attitudes, decent value.  

Con: parking is brutal.   some of the beers are a little spendy.  

Pound for pound this place is tough to beat.  Better for 3-4 couples.  Simple and casual with a nice touch of uptown class.  Attentive service.  Lamb sausage and pretzels + cheese dip, really good.   Good selection of sausages.  Upbeat servers add to the positive vibe of the place.   I can see this as a viable mini chain in phx.  Right product at the right time.
Great food, awesome and friendly staff! New favorite place in Old Town! Try their "Pig Mac" Burger! Very tasty!!
I had been excited to try Brat Haus and it didn't disappoint when my husband and I dropped in last night.

We sat at the bar in the Bru Haus and chatted with the bartender a bit. Their beer selection was amazing: craft brews - most of them on draft but some options in a can as well. They carried some of our favorites: Dogfish Head 90-minute IPA, Bells Two-Hearted, Dale's Pale Ale.  If I remember correctly, prices ranged from $5-8...not terrible and plenty of them were priced at the lower end of the range.They have a very short list of house cocktails (4 or 5) for the non-beer drinkers but I thought they sounded delicious and for a moment I was tempted to order a cocktail instead.

I ordered the Thai Brat with apricot onion chutney. I had been warned that it would be spicy since it contained sriracha but I like some heat so I ordered it anyway. The mix of sweet and spicy was nice, but I will admit that 3/4 of my way through it I had to hand the rest over to my husband -- too spicy. It was almost so spicy that I feared I was missing out on some really good flavors going on in there, but I still enjoyed it. He ordered the Spicy Brat with sauerkraut. The brat was not as spicy as the Thai brat but it was delicious. The bar was lined with ketchup, mustard, curry ketchup, honey mustard, whole grain mustard, and dijon mustard. My husband was happy because he used curry ketchup at home. I like regular ketchup so much that I normally don't use it but it was a nice addition to the Thai Brat.

Fries? A-MAZING! A small order was plenty to split but I could've eaten a large just because it's so hard to stop eating them. You are given a choice of about 8 dipping sauces. We had the bacon bleu-cheese, but all of the options sounded great so it was a tough choice.

We splurged and got dessert. We typically skip this last course, but I had to try the butterscotch root beer float. LOVED IT! Made with vanilla ice cream and Dang's Butterscotch Root Beer, very clever. 

The service was great, the food was outstanding. There is something for everyone here. Can't wait to go back!
If you are looking for the best craft beer bar in Old Town (if not one of the best in the valley) Brat Haus is your spot. I thought it was so good that I went two nights in a row!

Attention Bells Two Hearted lovers...they have it...on tap! Not only that they have some of my favorites including a spread of Lagunitas, Stone and Dogfish Head. 

On my first visit, we were not messing around and ordered the delicious Dogfish Head 120 minute IPA. Be warned that it's a $15 bottle, which only seems expensive unless you have had it served to you somewhere else (Taste of Tops charges ~$20 when they have it in stock). 

We split the pretzels and fundido to start. The pretzels are delicious and are a great  filler/base when tackling the beer menu. The fundido was good and I'd like to try it with sausage/exotic meat. I had the guest Sicilian sausage with peppers which was back-East-style delicious! The next evening we stopped in for apps, and I repeated the pretzel and fundido order and stuck with the Two Hearted all the way. 

I can't wait for it to cool down a little bit so we can enjoy the expansive outdoor area. I also predict that this will be one of "the" destinations after spring training games. Well done Payton and I look forward to visiting again soon!
Enjoyed a team lunch here yesterday.  Several of us ordered the Brat Burger, which was excellent.  The fries were crispy, which is how I like them.  They have several sauces for you to enjoy with your fries and I'd recommend their Hush Hush and Sriracha Aioli sauces.  They comped a slice of their Drunken Date Cake to us and that was awesome!!!  Service was good and seating was difficult, but we opted to sit "community style" at a large table amongst other patrons.  Had fun meeting new people.  Will have to try a brat the next time.
Ate here last night and was very impressed with the set up. Beer selection was excellent (liked that they use the proper glasses for each tap selection). Food was above average. Pretzels were well done and my sweet brat came with a tasty chutny sauce on top. The roll had a fresh, soft consistency to it. That's not easy to do in AZ thanks to our hard water. And it really feels like an old German beer hall. The decor inside was appropriately done. I'm looking forward to cooler days where we can sit outside in the biergarten.
My only beef is that a lot of items are overpriced. I understand it's located in the midst of Scottsdale. And they make the effort to offer freshly made items on site (as far as I could tell). But I used to frequent several of these types of restaurants in other cities and they were not this expensive. The brat wasn't so mind-blowing that I'd step it up and order a specialty one that's $8+. If they were bigger, maybe. A lot of the beers are a buck or two higher than they should be as well. Especially the Belgians. Compared to other places.
I hope the Brat Haus is here to stay. I'll recommend it to everyone. It's not your typical Scottsdale eatery which is a good thing.
There's so much right about this place, I'm not sure where to begin! The beer selection is AMAZING, and the bartender let me sample a few (on tap, of course) before I made my selection. I am a fan of wheat beers, but there's a certain flavor I've never been able to tolerate in about half I've had. When I explained this to the bartender after my first sample, she knew exactly what I was talking about, and told me it's the type of the yeast used. She then gave me a sample of one that didn't have that particular flavor. I love it when someone not only listens, but engages on the topic with knowledge!

Since we were sitting at the bar, our bartender was also our server. She recommended the Chicken Thai sausage with the apricot chutney (after hearing me say I wanted something spicy), and was once again steered in the right direction. It was incredible. We also ordered some of the Belgian fries with the bleu cheese and bacon sauce, also just beyond... Then, for the piece de resistance, we split a piece of the  Drunken Date Cake. I'm not even that big a fan of sweet food, but this cake... takes the cake. 

Some customers came in when the kitchen was about to close, but were not turned away. The manager even told them he would fire up the grill and cook the order up himself if the kitchen were indeed closed. Talk about great customer service!

The music being played is great, the atmosphere is comfortable and completely unpretentious, the service is excellent, the food perfection... seriously, what more good stuff can I say? 

I will not only be returning, but I will also be recommending this place to everyone I know!
Took my son and one of his friends for a celebration of his back to school status.  He really enjoyed the braut, and I gotta tell you, we (the adults) did too.  Good food, attentive service.  Clearly though given the number of tables Braut Haus is a bar, not a full on restaurant, or perhaps it is just a different kind of place.  In any event, really really good food.  

Absolutely worth the drive and we had a great time!
The beer menu is good. One of the most descent menu I've seen in the area. They have a lambic(which is the only "beer" I drink) spatn, oatmeal stout, chimay..left Hand sawtooth etc..however I had a butterscotch root beer(didn't have my ID) 

We got a pretzel app. Two pretzels, cheese and a house made mustard. The pretzel was warm, crunchy with a nice amount of salt.

I ordered the spicy brat it was the perfect amount of spice, the bread was nice also. I got a extra side of jalapanoes..

I ALSO got the pig Mac!!!! It's yummie! I'll be getting this again and I recommend that over the brat.

The service is so so- its new, busy, so I'm not going to critique that. 

I had fries too..they came with a hair..it happens.. Especially when your staff hair isn't put up properly. 

The manager seems to be a nice guy too. I'm glad he's helping and here on a Sunday.
I grew up feeling sorry for Yosemite Sam and Elmer Fudd. All that effort to catch and eat a rabbit, all for nothing. When I got the chance to eat a rabbit bratwurst, I took it. And it was for Sam and Elmer. They probably didn't imagine their rabbit coming with sweet-onion relish, curry catsup or anything called an "ailoli." Their loss.

My wife's lamb brat was just as good as my bunny (I hadn't eaten rabbit since I was something like 5 years old). And we had nary a quibble with the date cake for dessert. It was kind of like an Australian sticky-date pudding, and ranks as one of my favorite non-chocolate-based desserts. I have nothing bad to say about the beer selection, either. 

Service? Enthusiastic, opinionated, fast. I love getting a server's honest opinion on their favorites and their suggestions (particularly good for deciding which topping to pair with your rattlesnake/duck/vegetarian bratwurst).
Great selection of beer, a simple menu with options out of the ordinary, and excellent service.  Can't recommend this place enough.
Since I can't give half stars, I'm giving my review the benefit of the doubt with 5 stars instead of the 4.5 stars I want to give. I went here today with family for my dad's birthday. For a sunday afternoon, it was kinda slow but the ambience inside was pretty cool. We were seated at the large table, which could seat about 15, even though there were only 5 of us. There were a lot of beer choices and I decided to order the raspberry beer, which is amazing! The size of the glass was pretty small for $8 but still a great beer!

We ordered the pretzel appetizer and loved them! The pretzels were huge and the dipping sauces were great! I We also ordered the Belgian fries with sirracha and ranch for dipping. There are other dipping sauce options but those were the ones we chose. In the middle of our table, there were bottles of ketchup, mustard and other arranged sauces. Fries were good, nice they left the skin on them! My mom and sister ordered the field greens salad as well and I was able to taste it. I personally didn't like the dressing (too bitter) but my mom and sister liked it. The greens, veggies and toppings in the salad were good just not the dressing.

For lunch, I ordered the turkey sausage with apple & sage. I chose the apricot and onion chutney as my topping. I loved the chutney and was also able to try my mom's root beer onions, which were good. The sausage was tasty, just not a fan of the pieces of mustard seeds I got throughout the brat. The bread was really delicious, nice crust on the outside and soft on the inside. I didn't feel like it was too big for the brat, which has been a critique I've noticed in other reviews.

For dessert, they brought out the drunken cake. It was a generous portion of cake and it tasted good. We also ordered the soft serve ice cream and the butterscotch root beer float. I was pretty disappointed with the "soft serve" because they didn't have chocolate ice cream and the ice cream wasn't soft serve. The texture was off but still tasted fine. Not worth the $3.50 though! The float was also a big hit as well!

Overall, I would come back and try a different sausage and a different beer. Prices are a tad high but for Scottsdale, that's really not unusual. Everyone in my party enjoyed the food too!
Cool place, decent food. I like the funky soda selection.
Unique and fun new place in Scottsdale! Took the whole family recently and there was something for everyone! There are actually 2 separate buildings to Brat Haus. One side is clearly "the bar" and the other side is more geared toward those (like us) who come with kids! 

There was an outstanding selection of beers from all shapes, sizes, and thicknesses. There was also an outstanding selection of uniquely flavored soda pops for the kids too! We enjoyed pretzels fundido and the Belgian fries for appetizer. Although the pretzels were a bit overdone and fundido was a bit blah, the Belgian fries were DELISH and plentiful. The dipping sauces were excellent and more than made up for the lack-luster pretzel appetizer.

I enjoyed the Spicy Brat with the Apricot chutney and it was the perfect blend of sweet and spicy. My son and his friend enjoyed standard beer brats with mustard and saurkraut. They LOVED them. My husband enjoyed the specialty pork brat and was very pleased with it as well. 

I'm looking forward to going back for a grown-ups night out there soon as I'm sure it's way more fun for the adults though I am happy that it was kid-friendly as well! Well worth the 40 minute drive from our house and looking forward to going back soon!
What a cool concept: quality brats and great beer all around!
Paid my visit for a weekday lunch, so it wasn't very crowded. The beer brat sandwich I had was fantastic (great hoagie!). I added some sauerkrat and sweet peppers to it to give it a little umph, and it was great. The Belgium fries were also a pleasant surprise as well. I didn't order a beer but I was excited to see all of the types of beer they had on tap.....next time! Our server was on the ball and amazing. What else can I say......except I want to go back!
I lumped Payton Curry in the same category as some of the other notable chefs who open and closes restaurant every 3 months. Even hearing how he supposedly stole the logo from the bike shop down the street fueled my displeasure. As someone who is in the industry, I was hating on the game which is an unwritten rule of the industry. So I hated Brat Haus before it even opened.

This past Thursday I was able to leave work early and meet my wife for dinner in Scottsdale. We decided to check out Brat Haus. I'm just going to talk about the food because that is what impacted me the most. Now, that damn Pig Mac has to be the single greatest creation in Arizona Culinary history. It was meaty, moist, flavorful and downright grubtastic. I literally have been thinking about when will I have the next chance to have the Pig Mac. The fries were killer with crispy tips that crunch like chips. The Thai sausage had great flavor but in my opinion could have been spicier but I love spicy foods. The unfiltered Hefe they have on tap was awesome. Everything was top notched from the seating in the bar to the sesame seeded burger buns.

In Summary, I have to eat dry chicken (crow). I was absolutely wrong about Payton Curry and his food. This chef can throw down. I will be back to partake in the heavenly creation of the Pig Mac. All hail the Pig Mac.

Chef, if you see some variation of the pig mac on my menu please don't sue me...LOL
A disappointment we were really hoping for German brats, not the usual brat you can get anywhere. Had the beer brat which had more spices then actual meat. Pretzels are good though!
Went to the Brat Haus with my family (all adults) and loved it! My favorite were the fresh, right out of the oven pretzels for sure however the brat I ordered was delicious, especially with the root beer onions on top. My daughter had the apricot onion chutney on top of her brat and that was excellent too. The fries were great and we all tried different drinks (beers and yummy concoctions that were fun). The service was great too. It is tricky to get a parking spot but I lucked out and parked on the street right in front of the place....that earned this place five stars in my book. I will be back.
As a German born girl, I give this place huge props for making amazing sausages! The pretzels with homemade cheese sauce was fantastic... Not like gross goopy nasty cheese product... The French fries so good and the dipping sauces, especially the truffle aioli was to die for. Even if you usually don't like sauerkraut, this is really homemade like my grandmother's! The fact that the sausages come on baguette just like in Europe, is a great touch. The many beers on tap rock! And for dessert... Oh where do I start? The date cake, even though I don't like dates, was fantastic!!! And then then NUTELLA shake.... Oh good lord, amazing!!! The Butterscotch root beer float was so good it has changed my world!!! Looking forward to the weather getting better so we can sit out on their big patio. ....and to all the people that didn't like this place... And no offense, You don't know what you are talking about!
I love the Brat Haus.  Great atmosphere...food good...drinks great.  Judi has been our bartender each time my husband and I visit.  She is friendly and outgoing...always has a smile on her face.  She is great with suggestions that we always take.  I will definitely return!
I'm not a fan of beer but I do like a good beer brat - go figure. Considering there is not another brat place in town (that I know of anyway) the boyfriend and I were happy to find out about Brat Haus. 

On a Saturday night we took a seat on the Brat Haus patio. the seating is a little weird. There are a few long group tables, a few individual tables and then a lot of empty space. It wasn't super busy which made the empty space seem even more, well, empty. Kinda weird.

We each ordered a traditional beer brat with root beer onions and an order of pretzels to share. The pretzels came out first. Man, those are some girthy pretzels. Not sure if they are whole wheat but they are much heartier that what you get at Auntie Anne's that's for sure. They came with 3 types of mustard and a beer cheese sauce. The cheese sauce was just okay. It was kinda thin and a little bland. The waitress did ask our opinion though and we told her what we thought. It was nice to know they are open to improvements and want customer feedback.

Next up were the brats. They are huge! After the filing pretzels we could have easily shared one brat. The bun was more like french bread, which made for a little too much bread around the meat. But i will say I'm not a big fan of onions and I really like the root beer onions. It was a very nice complement to the brat. The brat itself was good, not amazing but good. It also came with a few pickled green beans which were a surprising nice flavor combination with the meat. 

Overall the staff was very nice, the food was decent and in the winter I think it'll be a great place to hang out outside. If you like beer and brats it's worth stopping by.
For starters, a kitschy spelling doesn't make you a German restaurant, and to be fair, I don't think that's what the owners had intended, so I think those that would judge this restaurant's German authenticity are a little off the mark. With that said, what I'm about to say may make a lot of fanboys and girls very upset, as I understand that Chef Curry is a star in the valley, and I've been to a few of his past endeavors and quite agree that the mans talents are undeniable...but for me and my party, Brat Haus seemed to have everything down except for the food. 

The decor is a very cool blend of modernist artsy, and industrial minimalist. Very cool. The service might have been a stretched a little thin, like one reviewer also mentioned, we were sitting at one of the few tables inside, when most of the servers tables were presumably outside, and we felt a little bit like we were at the "kids" table during thanksgiving dinner...a little slapdash "heres your order and your check, thanks for coming." 

First, the good. There is no shame in the beer list. No shame, Weihenstephaner Hefe, yes please...anytime I can. La Fin du Monde from Unibrou? absolutely...and these are probably two of the most commercial beers out of their selection, so if you've never heard of them, you can imagine what kind of paradise lies waiting for the average beer geek. Just wish those beers had gotten to us a little sooner, and that we might have been asked if we wanted another round. Again, when your at the kids table, just a sip of thanksgiving wine is all you can hope for.

If we could rate the place on their beer and fries alone, this would be a whole different review. Belgian Fries, truffle aoli...they honestly couldn't have been more perfect.

But it should be about the brats, yes? Partly on our failure, we went straight to the out of the box gourmet section. We had the rattlesnake rippers (rattlesnake sausage) , and the duck duck dates (Date and duck sausage), our logic being we can make beer brats at home, (Damn good ones mind you, if I don't say so myself. but, I guess I just did.), point being we decided to forego the mundane and see what an accomplished Chef known for his skill with cured meats could whip up instead. This was in retrospect a mistake. Both the rattlesnake and the duck at the end of it all, had us craving some good ole beer brats instead.  We found these two dogs, uninspired and not nearly as exciting as the quirky names or exotic meats might suggest. The rattlesnake. tasting like dry chicken, was insufficiently seasoned, moist less, and awkwardly skinny in a consequently overwhelmingly sized bun. We could  taste neither duck nor dates, in the Duck, Duck Dates sausage, and we had already polished off the fries before the stark realization set in that these dogs were not going to get even close to filling us up. Sharing our disappointments with each other, our party tried to place our proverbial fingers on the source of our ennui, and realized that everything was under seasoned, and we had failed in choosing the appropriate toppings for our peculiar dogs. (You have to pick one before they arrive) We chose pickled red onions, and spicy peppers. We agreed that given the Chefs history, we would have liked to see more of an active hand in his condiment pairings, rather than see a short list of condiments to choose from, i.e....we recommend apricot onion chutney with the duck and date sausage, or better yet, not even a suggestion, but more of an insistence, showing the confidence to say, we know how this rattlesnake shows its best and thus have served it with this fill in the blank accouterment. Left to our own devices and not having known that we wouldn't have classic dog garnishment, i.e...ketchup, mustard, relish...we were left there with our skinny, dry, under seasoned wieners, some sad not so spicy peppers, which helped a little with flavor but not with the dryness...and nothing else. 

Dessert was the Drunken Date Cake, which was so blasé, it had us all hunger games dueling for the measly scoop of vanilla ice-cream melting at its side.

Total: 2 dogs, 2 beers, some fries, and one dessert: $43 

Yelp rating system classifies 2 stars  as "meh, Ive had better" and really thats the best way to describe this experience. If you decide to check out brat haus, my advice is to skip the fancy for now, go straight for the classic, and enjoy some great beers. We however, chose not to take the chance on ordering more, and decided to go and get something to eat. Not something you necessarily want to have to think about as you're leaving a restaurant with $43 bucks less in your pockets, but the truth nonetheless.
A bunch of us went to Brat Haus for my buddy's birthday as what better way to ring in your special day than with brats and cold beer with friends??? We decided to sit outside in their "beer garden", so I can't really speak to the decor of the place. The patio area is a nice size with several very large picnic-style tables. Not exactly wow factor, but then again we're talking about bratwurst, not Beluga...  It wasn't crowded, so we had our choice of where to sit. It looks like there is an outdoor bar, too, but it wasn't open that night. 

The beer list gets an 'A' from me. It's pretty much all craft beers and they have plenty on tap and in bottles. Nice variety of styles and regions represented. The prices seemed reasonable for many of the selections (I went with a domestic pilsner that was $5/pint). However, some of the beer options can get spendy, but I like that they offer something for everyone. If you want wine, well, go find another restaurant. Who drinks wine with brats anyway?? 

Which brings us to the food... Some items were very good, others were just so-so. Sadly the so-so food happened to be the main attraction on the menu. 

I tried the beer brat, the kosher beef dog, and the chicken sausage with roasted chiles. Of the three, the brat was the best, but that's just winner by default because the other two were so average. The seasonings were solid, but they all seemed dry. And all the toppings on the menu really don't matter much when the meat underneath is dry. 
 
However, the Belgian fries were great. Crispy, but not burnt, with just the right amount of salt. The dipping sauces I tried were all good, save for the 'Hush Hush Sauce'. Skip that unless you like incredibly average 1000 Island Dressing. I'd go with the bleu cheese & bacon sauce, the sriracha aioli, or the white truffle aioli (it's pretty mild). 

Another food winner were the pretzels. Two very large, hearth-baked soft pretzels with a three cheese dipping sauce. Plenty to share (or you can just choose to keep all that warm pretzel goodness to yourself). They also have stone ground mustard which was excellent with these. 

As for the service, it was great. We had two servers attending to us and they were never away for long. They offered solid advice on the beer list (i.e. beer sommeliers) and also gave some honest opinions on the food. 

Was the experience OK overall? Yes it was, but I can't really give them higher than 3 stars due to the fact they are the 'BRAT Haus' and I felt the brats & sausages were really just average. If I could rate them on other items alone, then they'd get 4 stars from me. 

Will I be back? Yeah, probably, but I'll order the pretzels and a beer. Hey, sometimes it's the simple things... 


The East Valley Foodie
Only reason Brat Haus didn't get 4 stars is simply that beer and brats is not really my cup of tea. However, the atmosphere was great! Really intimate, small setting...dark wood, old world charm, which is only made better with an incredibly friendly staff. 

Started out with the fresh made pretzel, which was wonderful (very pleased with the 6 condiment options that are brought with it). I ordered the Moroccan Lamb sausage with Apricot Onion Chutney topping. The sausage was spicier than I had expected, but good flavor. The French roll it was served on was fine, however, the bread to meat ratio highly favored the bread, which was a little disappointing. The Belgian Fries were delicious. I ordered the Truffle Aioli dip to accompany them, however, it tasted pretty much like mayonnaise. I preferred to use the table side Curry Ketchup instead...that was sweet and delicious!
I had high hopes for this place and hope they work the kinks out, knowing they have only been open for a couple months.

Atmosphere is excellent, especially sitting in the beer garden, a great place to hang and throw a few back.

The food, however, was disappointing as the Brats were good, but not great. I can head to the Pork Shop or Spouts and get a brat just as good, if not better. The meat to bread ratio is off and the specialty brats did not stand out. The highlight here were the fries. They were by far the standout of our meal.
Really liked this place a lot. I stopped in here with a friend while roaming around Old Town Scottsdale and having dinner at RnR. I wish I'd come here and skipped RnR! This place has friendly bartenders, a great beer list (with some really good Belgians on tap!), and really yummy Belgian fries with some of the best sauces you will ever have. My boyfriend enjoyed the 32 oz boot that you can order a beer in. We will definitely be back for more!
This place is great!  The space is amazing...separate dining room, bar and huge outdoor beer garden/patio.  Looks like a great place to spend a Saturday or Sunday drinking beer and watching football!  The service was quick and friendly and the food was good...other than the pretzel - too dry and overcooked.  The sweet brat with sauerkraut was really tasty and they make their own mustard in - house = yummy!  The beer selection is pretty extensive too...pretty much something for everyone!
I went back to Brat Haus today for their Oktoberfest celebration. The place was packed, and it was great to see a local restaurant be doing so well after opening fairly recently. 

I was pleased to see some improvements to the food--it seems like the brats fill up most of the bun now compared to what I've seen in the past, and I also think it was a great idea to convert the vegan brat to a burger, since the mashed consistency lends itself better to a burger than a brat. 

The music was also slightly better than the last time I went--there was nothing that made me do a double take too badly other than some bad, Nickelback-y type of rock.

The service was a little slow but forgiveable considering the crowd. I'd love to go back again soon!
Fun place but have to say the brats were pretty dry and somewhat over cooked. Great sauces and delicious Belgian fries. I was a bit dissapointed in my $10 glass
of Reisling as it was barely one quarter of the glass, a very chintzy pour. Service was average.
I definitely enjoyed the brat I got. Quality tasty ingredients from the bun, through the mustard they had there. Very nice. The pretzel I ordered was a little dry, but I appreciated the artisan quality it had - not your usual SuperPretzel hanging from a metal rod above a light bulb.

As another person mentioned, the food isn't your traditional German style. They're pulling inspiration from German fare, but creatively altering it to make it an enjoyable culinary experience.

If this place lowered it's beer prices a little (wink wink), it'd steal a lot of traffic from Tempe, me thinks. :)

I think this place is the choice for a date if you both want to drink beer with dinner. You also have Scottsdale to play around in afterward.
I'm always up for a Bratwurst and a beer, and since I was in the area, thought I would give this place a try.  I'm glad I did. I had coincidentally entered the bar, rather than the dining area; the bar, was of course, was where I wanted to be, so I was good!! It happened to be in the mid-afternoon, and it was very quiet - in fact, I was the only one there.  So I had a chance to talk with the bartender, take my time looking at the different types of beer, and getting recommendations not just on beer, but also on the food,

It was obvious that the bartender loved talking about the beer.  He had full knowledge of the many different types they had, and made several recommendations. I tried two of them, and they were great.

My main reason for stopping was for a bratwurst.  He made several suggestions on the food, and I finally tried the Beer Bratwurst, with the Rootbeer Onions, Sauerkraut, Spicy Peppers, and Relish toppings. It was delicious. The bun was rather large and dry - but it was just right with all the toppings and the condiments I added.

Great place - the service was very good, the bartender very helpful, the food was delicious and the prices were very reasonable. A great addition to Old Town!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!

The concept of this place is awesome, and so is the food! I think once the weather cools off it will become a regular place we stop by on nights out. First of all I thought that the two restaurants side by side and the back area with tables/chairs and decor was a cool concept. Also the prices were very reasonable, and the service was good too, seemed like a happy staff that wanted you to enjoy your time. We went on the launch of Oktoberfest and it was great... maybe because I love seeing guys dressed up in liederhosen, or maybe because the two man german band was so cool. Very traditional & they made us dance! 

Here's the scoop on food + drink: 

+ San Tan Beers
+ Waffle Fries 
+ Beet Salad
+ Spicy Brat
+ Apple Strudel 

We left happy and I got a picture next to the awesome Brat Haus van parked outside (coming soon, I'll add it to the photos). 

We did eat outside even though it hadn't quite cooled off yet, but when I went inside it looked pretty awesome so we'll have to check that out next time. I'll definitely be back.
Sorry Brat Haus, but I am not a fan.

1) Seating is primarily outdoors- great, except we live in Phoenix. Not sustainable.

2) Nothing special about the food here. Maybe I am just spoiled and used to a much more exotic selection of dogs, but even removing my prejudice.. These aren't that great.

3) Beer selection is decent. Nothing to write home. 

Overall, I just think Brat Haus is missing that certain something.. Hopefully with time, they will improve.
Do you love beer in all its intricacies?
Are you a man in need of some bro-to-bro time?
Do you wish Oktoberfest could be a year round celebration?

If you answered yes to the above, then today is your lucky day son! BRAT HAUS is a bro time + beer time experience which equals a MAN CAVE MECCA!  

I came here with a few Yelp co-workers for a Beer 101 class to learn all about this alcoholic beverage fermented using the sugars from cereal grain. (That little nugget is straight from my handout yessireeee!) You could tell our host was passionate about beer and spoke about it as such. The men in our group were mesmerized. As he discussed the brewing process I wished that my boyfriend was with us because this is something HE'D find fascinating. Like sports and cars, I like beer, I like to consume it, but I don't have an innate need to study it. It would be like talking to a straight man about the intricacies of womens shoes and why a platform shoe helps to elongate the length of  womans leg yet the added height helps to create comfort when walking. If you're a man, I lost you at the word "platform." But despite the waning of my overall attention I did appreciate our teacher's passion and depth of knowledge. 

More so I appreciated the three different kinds of beer we sampled and the GIGANTIC bavarian pretzels with dipping cheese. They were lovely and I wanted to tie one around my neck with a string for a snack. We sat inside during our class but I would have loved the outside patio as well. It's got loads of picnic tables with colorful triangle flags strewn through the air. One last thing I must mention is that the restaurant is very well maintained and immaculately clean. Big props to Payton Curry for being a smooooth operator! (Fist bump)

31 Yelps Review Challenge: #2/31
Been to Brat Haus at least four times now and each time there is something new to love.

first time -- sat in the Bru Haus with friends and tried some beers we had never had, the fresh-baked, the tasty Belgian fries and a myriad of sausages. we topped off the evening with the crazy insanely delicious date cake.

second time -- brought the teen daughter, who adored the pretzel, loved the brat with the root beer onions and mustard, and stole the entire pretzel. 

third time -- stopped by after an unexciting dinner elsewhere we stopped off for pretzels with the ooey gooey fundido and that crazy date cake with caramel sauce. (did i mention that both the cake and caramel have beer in them?)

fourth time -- Oktoberfest! Sat on the patio sunday night and had one of their chewy, salty vegan pretzels, made unvegan by ordering cheese sauce with it, a great pork schnitzel that was topped with an incredible lemon/parsley relish, and a huge pile of German dumplings, spaetzle.  We finished with a pretty darned good apple strudel. Oh, and of course, several rounds of good German beer.

Prost!
Went here for their Octoberfest celebration on a nice cool night and sat on the patio.  Once again was extremely disapointed in the service and the food.  Ordered the schnitzel and it came out say we say extremely well done.  My wife ordered a pretzel as an appetizer and it never arrived.  She was disapointed in the size of her sausage which was mostly bread and had to order another item to fill her up.  Use caution if ordering a bottled beer, crazy high prices on anything Belgian. Cheaper and better options abound around town.
Yay!  I love this place!!

The decor is not only stylish and unique, but pretty much useful. I love the ammo bins on wheels to sent condiments and napkins to the other members of your party. The rest of the interior design is great also. However, I do wonder if women had any input as the chairs have no backs and there are no purse hooks. Which means, my purse goes on the floor or the table. Either one is not appropriate. 

However, the food was amazing. And I'm German. I started off with the basics. A pretzel and cheese. Beer brat.  WITH ROOTBEER ONIONS. And beer. And strudel. And I didn't get hungry again until the next morning (and that was lunch). 

I really appreciated that the food was served on metal trays. It gave a little bit of extra flair. And I give extra points for the way management handled the patrons beside us that started off with a compliment and quickly turned to complaints.

The service was a little slow for being lunch on a weekday, and there were no purse hooks. So I'll be back, but will probably only bring my wallet in. Like a guy.
We lucked  into this spot, through a magazine article on new places in Scottsdale, and then a little quesioning of locals. 

We talked the waiter into creating a "sausage sampler" with all nine of their unique, fresh-made sausages. the result was better than we could have ever hoped for.
After 3 trips to Brat Haus, I finally feel good about reviewing it.  Here is the breakdown: 

The Good: 

1. Service- Every time we went there it was busy and we received very good service and our servers were knowledgeable about the beer.  Speaking of beer: 
2. Beer- Hands down best beer selection in Old Town! They also make a killer Moscow Mule =) 
3. Belgiun Fries- Come on, trice fried fries... how can you go wrong! I also love all their sauce options.  
4. The atmosphere- Perfect spot in Old Town, especially now that it is cooling down.  I also love the graffiti mural on the wall, the owner said they will be randomly having local artist paint the wall. Great idea! 

The forgettable: 

1. Pretzel - its okay, nothing special, I was expecting it to knock my socks off... they stayed on! 
2. Vegan- While I am very grateful of them having a vegan option, it was tasty but very hard to eat because it kept falling apart... they need to work on making a vegan brat! 

My friends love this place, so we'll be back for sure.  One day I'm going to try their nutella shake... or steal their giant container of Nutella... Mmmmm!
Yum! Everyone loves a giant salted pretzel from a street vendor or at the movies, right? Well if you try the pretzels at Brat Haus those crummy frozen treats will be forever ruined for you. And for good reason! Here they're soft, smokin' hot, big enough to share with a friend, and they come with a variety of mustards and dips. Including a curried ketchup!

What I loved most here however was that there's no pretension. These guys really know beer, and it's obvious. But it's not thrown in your face and there's no pressure to pretend or act like you know as much as they do if you don't. And if you do know your beers, they're happy to talk shop.

I came for a small tasting session and learned more than I could have ever expected. I also got to try a variety of beers and eat those yummy pretzels in the process. And just like the beer list and the menu, the decor is fabulous too. Walking around the place I spotted a massive outdoor patio perfect for larger groups. I'm not from the area but would love to return and pay them another visit if/when I'm back in town. Definitely a top spot in Scottsdale.
I debated whether or not to write anything about Brat Haus, because I'm a non-drinker who came for a Beer 101 class (just... don't overthink it) but in the end I gotta give these guys mad props.

Before we go any further, let me just say this: pretzels. Big, doughy, salty pretzels that come with several different kinds of mustard. Yessir. Yes, daddy. Yes, Aunt Ida's gimpy dog Dot. Pretzels. I ate my fair share, and several others' as well. Pretzels. And fundido cheese. YES.

As drinks go, they've got a massive spread of beer and the fella who taught the class knows more about beer than anyone I've met before. They don't do domestics (no Miller Lite here, kids) just interesting stuff.

I should also mention that as a non-drinker these guys totally get mad love from me for the extensive line of old school soda that they had on hand. Mad love. I would have been happy with a Sprite, but I got to order an old red cola. They also have their own sodas - ginger beer, cucumber mint, and a strawberry thyme something or other. Thanks!
Quite good! Great beer list and interesting food choices. I didn't think the fries were as good as their reviews and I found the pretzel on the bland side. But the SAUSAGE is what this place is about and it is tasty! I'm not sure I like choosing my own toppings or sauces... I prefer that my dining experiences don't involve a lot of decisions within the dish. I rather like when a chef tells me how they envision the food is best... Ya know?  I digress...
Brat Haus and it's owners are very cool. They always seem to be around to talk about the beer with my bf and the boys. They did a good job with the small space at hand and transformed the patio into a really functional area. Service is usually prompt and friendly despite being busy a majority of the time. Keep up the good work and I'll come back and have some more sausage.  ;)
How fun!  This was said over and over again on our most recent date night.  It was just that.  Driving around for parking was even fun - if you can imagine.  We wound up parking across the street in a parking lot that I think is used for overflow @ the hospital?  We saw these people bellied up to a moving bar - when we got closer we could see that it was something called Tour de Tavern.  Meet us @ the Brat Haus.  So it's powered by the people (think like a bicycle) and it goes to different bars throughout the night and I guess they wind up @ BH.  What a cute idea.  I will think about getting 15 friends together for this.  Sounds like fun.  Hubby is a big German food fan and I can usually find something to woof down.  This was so cute.  We approached, were seated immediately outside in their cute patio area.  Big picnic benches for community seating.  Tuba and accordion player belting out a little diddy.  Perfect.  We ordered beers and a pretzel with fundido for our appies.  Good.  Really good.  I picked the majority of the salt off of mine - it was just too much.  Cheese dip is thick and satisfying.  Beers were good.  We ordered two sausages each.  I loved mine and when we go back I will opt for no condiments.  I wound up scraping the majority of mine off and just eating it alone.  Which was great.  It was good by itself.  I didn't need two.  One is plenty with everything else we had.  We ordered fries too.  That siricha ketchup is so good.  I will try and make some on  my own.  It was that good.  

No room for dessert we were done.  I bought a tee shirt for my sister that my waitress wore.  Speaking of our cute little waitress.  She knew her menu and was attentive without over doing it.  Someone else brought our food out and he managed to stick his finger in my ranch and acted like I didn't see it.  I asked our waitress if she would bring me a new one and she did - no questions asked.  

Motto of the review.  HOW FUN!
I came here for a group mixer and the staff was amazing.  The bartender (very smart and good looking lady) made it a point to remember every ones name so we wouldn't have to keep telling her what tab to put our next beer on. 

She also informed me that this place prides itself on their knowledge of the multiple craft beers they have on tap, so she asked what kind of beer I like and pointed me in the right direction.  

I tried the San Tan Brewery's Count Hoppula and it was a very dark IPA that wasn't as bitter as a normal IPA, which I like.
Alright, so here is my two cents on Brat Haus. I suggest to steer clear of the brats I tried (Beer Brat & Spicy Thai).  I found them a bit dry and bland.  I also found the pretzels less than fabulous. I do suggest to try to big, juicy, tasty, meatballs. Much better choice. The outside patio very cool, an open fresh space with plenty of seating and a big ol' wall of funky art. The service was also friendly, and attentive and fair prices. Overall, it's totally worth checking out if you are in the area and in the mood for something different.
If this is the best Phoenix has for German food, stick to Mexican! One word for the food, AWFUL! The Pork Schnitzel we had was deep fried, very greasy, and had a burnt oil taste to it. The Sauerbraten was the driest overcooked piece of meat I ever had! I never saw greasy mashed potatoes before today. As others have posted, even the brats tasted like old dry socks! The concept and setup are great. The beers are good too but don't come for the food! Service is slow and the staff not really trained.
This was one of my favorite meals on my 10 day trip to AZ and NM. I'm not really a beer person but loved the huge selection and appropriate glassware. They let us have a taste of a new brew on a slow Fri. afternoon at happy hour. HH got you a good choice of beers for $3 and $4, plus we had a card for a free pretzel and I loved it. No need for the cheese sauce ($3) with all the excellent mustards they serve. And I thought the spicy brat w/ root beer onions was great. Not dry at all, I liked the roll too which lots of people seem to quibble with. Maybe being in the hot sun and having a couple crappy snacks at the State Fair colored my view but I loved Brat Haus. And they served a yummy huckleberry lemonade at the Old Town farmer's market Sat. morning.
I had been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally made it over there last Friday.  I was meeting a good friend who is ALWAYS late so I sat down outside and had a beer.  Where can I begin?  Mike and Kevin were great...very attentive and pleasant.  The ambiance is the BOMB, especially since the weather's so nice.  We went to town on brats, belgian fries, and even dessert.  It was all really yummy and definitely an option when going out with friends in the future.  The only thing that would get this place an additional star is putting more fun stuff on the menu!!!
Came in with my kids, clean and modern looking location.

Large German pub menu selection, with wide and varied beer and soda selection.  We each went for a Brat - Duck, Turkey, Lamb - all were excellent.  Kids loved it

The only ding I would give - SERVICE WAS SLOW.

I will be back and would recommend to others!
A good selection of beers and friendly wait staff.
I cant believe this place is still open. the food was terrible. they do have a great beer selection but that's about it. Not even close to German food. Who ever is pickling the food over there deserves to be shot.
I'm glad to see that Chef Payton Curry was able to take his knowledge from working at various establishments around the valley (I fondly remember his time at Caffe Boa) and produce one exceptional eating establishment. I went here on a Friday, with my gang of regulars, who are one picky bunch, and they LOVED this place. The wait person knew her stuff, the service was quick and overall, the food was wonderful. 

We started out with a pretzel and unlike what I get when I went to to Handlebar Grill, which are more like pretzel rolls, this was a real pretzel, though it seems made with whole wheat instead of white flour but got a big thumbs up from my culinary focus group. Even better, the establishment makes their own sauces and mustards so along with the obligatory beer cheese I had a wonderful whole grain mustard to use as well so it was like being back in Germany!

I and another person went for the lamb sausage and it was great! It was a good size and nestled in a chunk of soft  and chewy french bread, and I topped it with more of that wonderful mustard, along with sauerkraut and spicy peppers. The nice thing, the sausage was cooked but not overcooked so it was still juicy and it had a strong lamb flavor. As I noted before, unlike a softer bun the french roll bread held together to the end. Another person at my table had the rabbit sausage and said it was great and the last, the last person was a vegetarian and had the black bean burger and boy, it looked excellent! I would love to try that, once I've made it through all the sausages on the menu!

The only thing that stood out as needing work was what was referred to as Belgian fries, which are generally thick cut and twice fried for a crispy outside and creamy interior but these were more like shoe string fries. Chef Payton, work on those fries! if the fries rise to the level of actual Belgian fries I will happily give this place five stars. In this case, the Brat Haus may want to go check out the fries at Handle Bar and Grill, which are closer, from my perspective, to actual Belgian fries.

Bottom line, to quote the Terminator, I'll be back and next time, not on a work day so I can check out the beer selection I see so many other people raving about! :-)

By the way, if you like the sausages you can buy fresh ones to take home so you can grill your own.
Great patio, great food, and great selection of drinks!

The brats, the fries were delicious. I also loved the selection of sauces and mustards which are apparently all made right in house.

And they have a great selection of bottled soft drinks if you're at lunch or don't feel like drinking. Really want something good, try to the fresh squeezed lemonade... it's tart, but delicious!

Brat Haus, you're a great addition to the Valley food scene!
Love this place!  Great, homemade brats!  Everything they serve(except for the bread) is made in house which is cool.  They have a great beer selection.  Nice open, patio area out back!
What a great addition to this city. A german style beer house with it's own beer garden and a graffiti wall that changes every four months. A great food menu and even better beer selection. I definitely want to get a large group of friends together to go here and have our own little Oktoberfest any time of year. The only downside was the service, the waiter looked like he would rather be anywhere else in the world. He never smiled.
Wow, awesome location and who doesn't like brats and beer!  I tried the beer brat with rootbeer sauteed onions. Who knew rootbeer and onions would be a perfect match-Chef Peyton!  The fries were ok, I wasn't a big fan of them but I did like the sauces that came with it.  Great assortment of brews to choose from besides brats.  It's even possible to take the brats home to grill and enjoy.  Love the outside beer garden, this will definitely be one of my hangouts in Old Town Scottsdale.
Wife and I were able to stop by, and try a few things. We had their chicken and waffles, they were OK! I kept on saying to my wife, man I have had this before. chicken reminded me of another time!! Finally hour in a half later, it struck me!!! Chicken tasted just like Swanson frozen tv dinner!!! I grew up on that! So you can take that any way you want! You need to eat the pretzels with no salt. Comes with way to much! The pretzels rolls were probably the best dinner rolls I have ever had. Since I was driving, it was a no beer night! Would like to come back and try some brats and beer. Outdoor patio is the best, on cool nights they have a great fire pit! Plenty of room, Until next time and a second visit! 
Later,
My wife and I were very excited about the idea of exotic brats, so we went last month. Over all disapointing. We had the chorizo and Morrocan brats, overpriced at $8 with No Fries, extra $4, very limited menu and no wine offered  for Happy Hour reductions. Not everybody drinks hand crafted beers. I agree with Howard Seftel, stay to the traditional $6 brat. Good luck with the concept of a $10 brat with fries.
Not a place i would rush back to!
This is a pretty awesome place. Everything I've had has been spot-on and they're really creative with their menu. I've never had a lamb brat before, but it worked! They have lots of interesting toppings to choose from, their pretzels are tasty and their fries are cooked to perfection. The cherry on top is their awesome beer list, and they're served in their specific branded glass!
If you want a specialty brat, come here!  They have Rabbit, rattlesnake, and regular brats too!  The staff is welcoming, friendly and passionate about what they serve.  That passion translated into the delicious food the served.

The roasted pork was absolutely amazing.  I didn't try the chicken and waffles since my plate was full and I didn't want to take food I wouldn't  be able finish.  I left stuffed full of great food.
  
The date-cake was mind blowing.  I am not the biggest fan of dates, but this cake completely caught me off guard.

They have a very nice outdoor seating area, there was a fire going and a giant sized Jenga. They also have cornhole outside. A great place to go if you want to get out.
I was dragged here by my friend, considering the fact that I don't even eat meat, I almost dreaded going but she did say that they had the best shakes so I'm always down for that. So we get there, we have the nicest waiter, Sam, place us inside. The interior is neat. We order shakes and he tells us, there is no ice cream....um ok. So I order lemonade, then he tells us there is no lemonade. UMMM... Ya. I ended up getting a cream soda and a pretzel and the Belgian fries with Sriacha. Delicious!! I will probably come back because I am still curious about these shakes :)
Unfortunately, we did not eat here. it was the starting point of a bike pub ride but we did get a chance to check the place out. 

as the name mentions, it is a sausage fest. the beer menu looks really well-rounded. i just liked the decor. it occupy's the old Old Town Scottsdale Oreganos but they added their own touch. that tiny parking lot has been converted to a seating area and it feels like a little hideaway right in the middle of scottsdale. there was a fire pit and lots of people mingling and drinking. 

we would like to check the place out again for some beers and pretzels (which smelled amazing!).
Not your normal brat.... exotic meats and awesome beer selection!  Good vibe!
What a nice treat.  We had the spicy brat - loved it and beer brat - really good.  Also tried the fries (soggy) not impressed. And the german potato salad - loved it.  I'm not a beer drinker but, did have one to go with my brat - such a huge selection.  Service was exellent.   We ar looking forward to trying more.
Great food. You have to get the pig Mac. The waiter you have to ask for is Mike he was personable and refreshing person to talk to. A little pricey over $50.00 for to Pig mac's, large fries 4 beers
Very disappointed, Bland, nothing special, would not return.  Our family of foodies recently had dinner here, we were excited upon arrival but that quickly turned to disappointment with each course.  We started with 2 orders of the pretzels with 4 dipping sauces, followed by 6 different entrees.  The food was average, nothing to go back for.  Could make a better beer brat in my kitchen with Johnsonville Brats, beer and onions boiling on the stove, then browned over the grill.

Wine and beer selection was good.
Employees were friendly.

Too many other restaurants in town to waste a night at the Brat Haus again.
Good beer. Bad facsimile of German food
Great beer choices!  Think i counted 20 something on tap. 

The beers are strong and unique enough the they put the % of alcohol next to each on the menu. 

Cozy on the inside with lots of seating on the outside.  

Great service. 

If u are looking to try a purple/few exotic, strong beers...this place is perfect.  

If ur looking for good prices on pitchers of beer, this probably ISN'T your spot.
The bun doesn't do it for, to much bread to taste the brat. Large selection of tasty beers
Very cool atmosphere, and the food is cheap and good! I like how unique it is. The sauces are great and the toppings on the brats. Fun place! Will return!
Great beer selection, warm atmosphere, ping pong, giant jenga, Odell, New Belgium, beer garden,and more! What else could you want in a bar? I studied abroad and had the chance to go to a couple German restaurants that had beer gardens, and this restaurant definitely brought back those memories. It's a close second to the real thing.
I've been here twice so far.  Both times just for drinks and appetizers.  The Belgian fries were good and crispy with a vast selection of tasty dipping sauces, and the same goes for the pretzels.  They also have a great selection of beers from Germany on tap, but the first time we went they were out of probably a fourth of them. Watch out if they are out!  Nonetheless, it is a great stop for an afternoon or late night bite!
This place is incredible.  Really great service, delicious food and drinks, and the manager even came by to thank us for coming in.  The fries were amazing, the chicken and waffles was amazing, the beers were amazing, the pretzels were amazing ... the only thing that wasn't so amazing was the check at the end of the night, but I'd say it was worth every penny.
I'm surprised with the high reviews for this place. Although our server was nice and my sweet brat was decent, it took far too long to get our food. My boyfriend also got food poisoned from their spicy brat. My iced tea tasted like water, and the water I got tasted like dishwater detergent. One star for the Belgian fries, which were excellent. Won't be returning and I don't recommend this establishment. There are far better places to eat at.
I really liked the sauerbraten, but the rest of my family wasn't so impressed. Mind you, we're from Chicago. The schnitzel was a little dry (needs a little gravy), the jaeger stew was too vinegary, and the brat burger had lots of herbs but no spice. However, the chicken and waffle (especially the Belgian waffle) was awesome, and the pretzels rule. Try all the mustards, too... I never had whole grain mustard, and I want more!
Went here at 7pm on a Saturday and I honestly have no complaints. You can see from my other reviews that I'm very picky about my 5-star ratings and I couldn't come up with one reason to ding a star after our experience here. This is probably the least pretentious and upscale place that I've ever given a 5-rating to.

We came back here with friends after hubby and I had a great time at the Yelp Elite event here a few months back. The actual location is two separate buildings plus abundant outdoor seating with misters and heat lamps. There was a bar area that we didn't go into, and a small cafe-type area which is where we sat. Since we were a party of 6 they sat us at the big central table, where we were elbow to elbow with other diners already there. We ordered a ton of food, beer and other drinks and it was all excellent. Our server was at the top of his game as well.

Whatever else you eat here, DO NOT miss the pretzels with beer cheese dip. I'm serious. When you think you want Bavarian style pretzels this is what you have in mind. The waiter told us that they actually do use a lye solution here, which is the traditional way of getting the dark crust on them. Most places use baking soda which is close but not quite right. And the beer cheese dip was awesome enough to just eat with a spoon.

Same goes for the french fries with dips. We demolished two large orders and all 4 of the dips we tried were awesome. The real heart of the menu is the brats though. Next time we go here (and there will be a next time), I'll order that instead of the burger. I was happy with my burger (and if relish always tasted like that I'd eat more relish), but my friend's brat looked awesome enough that I regretted not getting one.

The beer menu was extensive and everyone at my table seemed happy with what they ordered. I had a "grown up" Nutella milkshake which was every bit as delicious as you'd expect from the name. I'm not sure what kind of alcohol was in it- maybe spiced rum, but it was perfect with the Nutella.
I had a great first experience at the Brat Haus! Danielle our server was extremely knowledgeable and attentive. We had the scrumptious pretzels, with a side beer brat, a spicy brat, Belgian fries,, and the haus favorite burger. EVERYTHING had sooo much flavor we couldn't stop commenting on it. 

I will absolutely be returning to the Brat Haus!
I am not big on German food, generally speaking. But this place is outstanding.

Their beer selection is fantastic and their bratwurst and burgers are very very good. Great place to go if you enjoy mustard.

But, what stole my heart is their pretzels. Let me be perfectly clear: Brat Haus serves the best Pretzels I have ever had in my entire life. I will go out of my way to come back, just to have their Pretzels. They are perfectly authentic in every day, even down to the preparation with real lye. (Something most places are afraid to do) and the rock salt they are sprinkled with. I am frothing at the mouth just thinking about it. Words cannot describe.

I'd like to give this place 4 stars due to the cramped quarters and inadequate number of restrooms, (it is a little pricey too) but really I just don't have the heart to. The food and service were too good. So 5 it is.
I would like to give this place 3 1/2 stars if possible so yelp please work on that. I'm not a regular here and I have only been here 3 times.

This review is on the sausages, pretzel, fondu and wannabe "Belgian fries".

1. Sausage 4 stars

All their sausages taste great, each different one has a unique flavor, they are fresh and taste great. Only downside I have is they are pretty damn small for what you pay.

2. Pretzel pronounced Preeh-tzell in Deutsch. 5 stars

Hands down the best German style pretzel I have ever had since I moved here to the US from Germany. Yea mustard is ok with it, but salted European butter would make it taste 10 times better. If you want it in bulk google German Deli and look up Laugen Brotchen.  The fondu on the other hand is something to be desired. My second biggest disappointment.

3. Trice fried "Belgian Fries" ...... 0

I had high hopes for Pommes Frites and was let down like Buffalo Bills fan of the 90's. Everyone knows that has visited or lived in Europe, that you only find real fries to be thick cut. Not like steak fries though. Yea you have your chain places and fast food restaurants that serve skinny fries from the freezer, but a good wurst stand will serve real fries. Thick cut, fried twice, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Something that will hold up to a good mayo or being drenched in curry ketchup. Every time I ordered it here, they were burned overly crispy and skinny like McDonald's fries.

Their beer selection is nothing to scoff at. Lots of beers to choose from even though again a little over priced.

Overall this place does great marketing, serves good to great food and is probably a place to be seen at for the Scottsdale "in" crowd. If my wallet allows me I'll be back for more brats, pretzel and beer, if I want a good German meal I will drive my ass to Haus Murphy's. Introduce a good Doner  Kebab and I will eat every time in town.

I'll be back Brat Haus AZ
Ive only been here once for drinks with some friends so my review is only based on the drinks and the PRETZELS!!! The pretzels were amazing! The drink selection was nice and our server was very friendly and helpful with describing all the different flavors of the beers. Nice little outdoor area and we played jenga before it was time to go.
Best Bacon wrapped dates in town. Really good, thick chewy pretzels, great beer selection, attentive wait staff.
Ambiance
Taste
Price

When you go to restaurants you usually get to pick two out of the three. With Brat Haus it was pretty good on all fronts but I felt something was lacking.

The Ski soda, mustards, and the fries were fantastic as were the truffle aioli accompannying the fries. 

However, the Charcuterie pate and the beer brat in my opinion didn't hold up as well.

The pate was more meat loaf slices with interesting things nestled in. Maybe I deserved it for ordering pate at a german themed restaurant but I was expecting a smooth creamy terrine of liver pate.

The beer brat encased in roll with pickled onions didn't really shine either. In fact if it weren't for the distractions of the fries and mustards I might have noticed how underwhelming the taste of the brat was.

The house made dijon mustard however was stellar as it was as good as Maille in France.

I'm a little confused on the theme of this restaurant, is this a europub or german stein house. I would've liked a brat, potato pancake, and a spaetzle instead of a dressed up hot dog with one topping for $6.50.

The aesthetics and design of the place is pretty cool however, feels like your tucked away in a ski village in Europe.
I was at brat haus late last week and really enjoyed the pretzels and cheese, the chicken and waffles, the beer, and the service was great also. I was here for happy hour also, and did enjoy their great food at a great price. I'll be coming back for more of those pretzels, and soon.
Went again last weekend with my husband. Had the same FABULOUS server- thanks Michael! And they had changed the bun on the burger. Much easier to hold. Still have "short" fries. Guess it's the  Belgian thing...don't know. Anyway, got to sit outside and it was really nice. Give them a try- I don't want them to go away....
I love a good brat but these are out if this world!  I highly recommend everyone check out Brat Haus.  I will warn you that they are busy most of the time but it's worth the wait.  They have the best beer selection I have seen.  You will receive the best service from the staff!  I was recently in for a visit with some friends and had the best time.  I was treating my friends with a gift certificate I recently won at the Ugly Christmas Party.  Thanks Brat Haus!!!  The Fundido is a must starter!  You can never go wrong with Pretzels and 3-cheese-beer dipping sauce.  The last time I tried the Moroccan Lamb sausage.  Very delicious with the Apricot Onion Chutney.  Belgium Fries are a must and don't forget the Truffle Aioli!  I am not one for having dessert but everyone must try the Drunken Date Cake.  This delicious cake is made with Oatmeal Stout and will have you asking for more.  

A trip to Brat Haus is the perfect way to start a night in Old Town.  I love that they constantly change their mural.  Thanks Dave and the wonderful staff of Brat Haus!
Having lived in Germany this brought back awesome memories.  It doesn't pretend to be something it isn't and simply focuses on traditional fare with beer from around the world.  There are plenty of picnic tables with outdoor games to help you drink your work week troubles away. The beer selection is simply impressive but what puts this place over the top is the attention to detail it's bartenders have regarding their selection.  The fact that this Brat Haus places importance in their beers by maintaining the exact glasses from each european brewery shows that they are in a class of their own.  Lamb brat on German potato salad is a winner!  Condiments are all made in house and the hot mustard is horseradishly divine.
Wednesday evening at 6PM.  I could see the two cooks, the two waitresses and the other two customers in the Brat Haus. Walked out after 15 minutes. Could not get service.  Water was brought to the table and the waitress never came back.  It is a shame because I was looking forward to this place.
Damn was this place good!  I'll take this over the former resident Oreganos (which made me sick) any day!  Beer brat was perfect, and the fries were delish.  We started with a hot pretzel which was tasty as well.  Great selection of beer, and we loved the outdoor ambiance.  Even though we were sitting outside on a chilly January evening (due to a ridiculously large party indoors... the only minus of the night), their many heat lamps kept us warm.  Will definitely be back.  Such a nice change of pace from the typical douchebaggy establishments of Scottsdale.
The brats & fries were good, very fresh and an excellent selection. The many flavor varieties was a welcome change up.

The service was spot on and our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu, making helpful suggestions.

The atmosphere was hip. We ate outside in the courtyard and except for some awkwardness sitting at the high-top table/bench combos, it was great. The smell from the smokehouse gets your mouth watering and the food was ready super fast.

I will come here again, and I suggest trying it out if you've never been.
This was a very good place to come with a big group. We were visiting from out of town, in town for a horse show, and saw this place on Yelp. It looked appealing and lived up to the stars! Everyone in our party was happy - and that can be hard to manage! Since it was me making the recommendation to eat here, I was hugely relieved. 

Loved the atmosphere, loved the beer and LOVED the food. The sausages were served on really tasty rolls, not too bready or hard to eat. A selection of tempting condiments were provided. The curry catsup was out of this world.  I personally had the lamb sausage with apricot chutney, and it was truly stellar. My partner had schnitzel sliders. A little dry, but really tasty. The Belgian fries were also a treat.

We'll definitely come back here when we're in Scottsdale again.
I love this place, maybe it was because the stars lined up perfectly or something.  We were hanging out with one of my favorite couples, we had a wonderful server, Matt, and the night was really great, though a little chilly for my Phoenician taste, lol.  I had a couple of flights of beer, Matt suggested them, since I am not an experienced beer drinker, he was spot on.  I loved them all.  We also had the schnitzel sliders, wow, they were awesome.  The pretzel was great, although we agreed that next time we should have shared.  We tried a couple of the sausages, I had a bite of each since I was so stuffed from everything else.  The lamb and the chorizo sausages are winners, again, those were great recommendations.  I can't wait to come back and try some other goodies.
Really cool place! Indoor and outdoor seating. Great atmosphere! Fun, happy people working there - always a plus! To start with there is definitely a beer or soda here for everyone (as long as you drink beer and/or soda)! So many good choices - too many for one visit so plan to go back again and again. That's what we're going to do! We shared the Pig Mac Burger. It was sausage and beef perfection. Along side we got an order of fries and be sure not to miss the Hush Hush sauce! I may get some of that to take with me next time!
Went here for the first time with some friends on a recommendation.  Was a great experience.  Though I am not a beer drinker, I know what a great beer selection looks like.  Brat Haus had an incredible selection of choices.  It is safe to say that you will find exactly what you are looking for.  They even serve the beer you select in its own personally crafted and labeled glass for that brand.  It was quite impressive. 

The food was great.  Loved the home made sausages.  Like the beers, the selections were great.  Grilled and served on a flavorful, fresh and large bun, the sausages were excellent.  And, the condiment choices from a spicy dijon to a thick, full flavored whole grain mustard to their zingy curry ketchup were also very tasty.

You can sit inside or outside in a wide open patio.  The ambience is relaxed and casual.  Really loved this place, the food, and the service.  I will be back.  You need to check it out!!
Only here once, but will definitely be back.  

The food was good.  4 stars.  

This place would be MUCH busier if they had happy hour on the weekend.  MUCH BUSIER!  If fact, I would probably be a regular.  

They have a great beer selection.  Staff was okay. 

They did a great job of creating a fun environment in the back.  They have darts, washers, tetherball, jenga, ping pong, etc.  It seems like a great place to hang out.  The real negative here is that they make it a little too kid-friendly.  I wanted to try out all of the fun things in the back, but too many kids were out there just running around and hogging the ping pong table.  Not cool for people wanting to have fun and a few drinks.  I'm certain they would make more profit from selling more cocktails instead of milkshakes. 

Either way, I'll be back.

- UPDATE - 

I appreciate being contacted regarding my review.  I always try to be honest and fair.

I was told that kids usually clear out by 8pm.  However, as a long time Old Town resident, I know that Old Town is a day drinking location.  ESPECIALLY with the locals.  Locals like to enjoy their city by heading out early around 10am, start with a bloody, have cocktails and food throughout the day, enjoy the outdoor bar patios, and be home by 6pm.  That's just how we locals do it...  Old Town residents practically have it mastered.  

My visit here seemed like I was trying to enjoy a beer in the sun in the middle of grade school recess.  Kids were running around, being loud and crazy like kids do I guess.  

Just my two cents.  But of course I'll be back to try it again.
Amazing home-made sausage and toppings! The rootbeer onions were flavorful, but not too sugary and sweet. The sausage/brats were great, even though I'm not a sausage fan. I ate the whole thing. I had to sit at a communal table which, actually, I didn't mind. Ended up chatting with a nice couple about food and other good restaurants in the valley to check out. The server we had was cheerful and nice. Quick service too. The beer selection is quite nice! This place is small, but divided into 2 dining areas... a bit odd, but it works. I think they use the patio between the two buildings as a beer garden in good weather. Can't wait for that!
I LOVE this place!  It's a great, relaxed, hang out spot.  Big picnic tables that are great for groups, or for sitting with strangers and making new friends.  Games like washer toss, tetherball, & giant Jenga encourage you to get up and be social, and make you feel better about drinking 4 beers.  The food is delicious, the service is great, and prices are reasonable.  
Most of the seating is outdoors, with only a few tables inside, so I'll be curious to see what they do in the summer when it's 110 outside.
All house-made, super fresh ingredients, local and all the other food-buzz-words you can think of. Also, one of the best pretzels I've had outside of Germany... Oh yeah, and they have about one Bazillion beers on tap. You just cannot go wrong here; you can't.
If you like brats. No better place!
We've been twice now. Had the sweet brat both times and have also tried the rabbit brat and the duck brat. All three were fantastic. The beers were excellent too. However, the best part of the whole night was the Drunken Date Cake. Hands down my new favorite cake.
Maybe it was an off night?  This is the worst review I have given.  It is my Son's 26th birthday today so we met up with him at Brat Haus.  I had a really good feeling about this place due to it's current star rating on Yelp and the way it is designed.  It  has a really cool vibe.  The service and food were not acceptable.  The Scottsdale market demands good food and this place is not making the cut. My son ordered a Chorizo Dog and he sent it back (no flavor). My wife and I split a burger and they did not ask how I wanted it cooked. The burger arrived and it was well done and the only flavor I could taste in it was a strong taste of pepper?  It was horrible, I am sure they cook it to death because the quality of the beef won't allow them to cook it on the rare side.

I did not drink but we had plenty of beer lovers at the table who were ready to have a beer or two but they had a hard time getting a server to stop by and take their order.  

I tried some of the other's food and the only thing I found to be tasty was the pretzel fundido.  Not sure I will try Brat Haus again.
I sadly missed the Elite event here, but a friend of mine didn't and she took me to the Brat Haus the first chance she got. There was a lot of arm twisting (OK not really).

Lets start with Beer Selection: Yes. One of the best selections Ive seen and they have Hard Apple Cider. Reasonably priced beer and served frosty and amazing.

The burgers were good, but son, you came to Brat Haus for a reason...ORDER THE BRATWURST. You will absolutely not regret it. Some of the best sausage I have ever had. (Yes I see you giggling over there, QUIT BEING DIRTY).

But by far...the best for last...the pretzels and cheese. Oh. My. God.

I would like to order a dozen pretzels and a gallon of cheese sauce to be delivered to my house once a day thank you very much! I can't even begin to explain how amazing this is, I will go out of my way to come here just to have this. I like pretzels and cheese don't get me wrong but if you think this is some wetzels pretzels mall tasting concoction...you are mistaken...it makes them taste like cardboard. 

Bring your friends, have a great time, drink some beer and nosh on the killer pretzels and cheese dip. You'll be glad you did!
Great place in old town Scottsdale for a beer and pretzel.  We sat inside which was a bit loud, but the waiter/bartender made up for it by actually being nice and spoke up.  We had the pretzel fundio (w/cheese). His was great match it wi their home made mustard pure awesomeness.  The main course, wife had the spicy brat with kraut, I had the Morracan with root beer onions.  Hers, very flavorful not very spicy but all around good flavor.  And with the home made kraut we will be back.  Mine, the brat was a very good flavors mixed with the grain mustard was very good.  The root beer onions tasted very good but got to be a bit to sweet for my taste.  To wash it all down you can choose from a good selection of "motherland" beers.  Great food and service.  Cost is a bit on the pricey side but for the quality, while not a regular stop it is on our repeat list.
Shnitzel sliders, pretzels with amazing beer cheese sauce, and the best bratwursts in town.  On top of all of that, the happy hour is fantastic and takes a couple of bucks off most draft beers, of which they have a great selection of both german and north american varieties, with a rotational lineup as well based on season.  

Plus, big jenga blocks and ping pong for people who want to play some games!  Really fun outdoor area with a huge outdoor fireplace.. a great homey place.  Overall, A+.
Must-do list of area experiences. Passionate staff and high high quality ingredients. Lots of in-house made products (all brats). Seasonal favors, fun mood and killer patio. Also don't miss the mini-VW bus !!!
Best place for German food around. Can't go wrong with the garlic fries and the DAS BRAT or any Sausage. Great for dates and quality food with an awesome outside huge patio. the outside is so big that you could seriously invite 50 of your friends and have a place to sit. 

I'm a HUGE FAN of this place. Awesome customer service too. Oh and they do $20 movie nights on Sundays which include food and a drink while you watch a movie..AWESOME!!
Definitely a positive experience here over the weekend.  I love the open air seating area even though I actually ended up eating in the bar (there was a wait and the bar was avaialable).  

Food (4 stars)
Pretzels with beer+cheese sauce = Heaven on a plate, I would almost fly to Pheonix just for this pretzel!!  Seriously the best pretzels I've ever had.

Chorizo Brat - Good spicy southwestern flavor
Lamb Brat - Tasty though I wouldn't say it particularly tasted like lamb
Rattlesnake brat - Had to do it since I've never had rattle snake and well worth ordering, similar meat consistency to aligator (no surprise there)

Serivice (5 stars)
Very good positive attitude from the people we dealt with.  Great service from the bartender who while busy still checked on us regularly.  And the host did come find us to see if we still wanted a table and let us know it was still going to be a while.

I look forward to coming back on my next trip to Phoenix, especially for that pretzel and some german beer.
I really want to like this place.  I really do.  The location is great. The arrangement is functional and unique.  Atmosphere is outstanding.  Food is excellent.  Beer selection is awesome. 

The problem is the service is hit-or-miss. I want to bring out-of-towners here to show them what kind of great places we have to offer.  I want to make this place my go-to for happy hour and my preferred lounging spot for when the weather is nice.  But that lull in the conversation that accompanies the long stare at your empty glass happens all too often. 

I don't expect McDonalds with beer, but having someone check in to (A) see if you liked the beer you had, and (B) get you another and/or suggest something else is the ticket.  Don't wait until the remaining beer foam has dried to the glass before asking if I'd like another. 

Regardless, I advise anyone and everyone give it a shot; it has so much to offer. 

Brat Haus has something special, but I worry that it's not sustainable long-term if the service isn't brought up to speed.

I wish them the best.
What do we love about the Brat Haüs.. what don't we love. You know we are all about the love of great food and fun times and places we love to hang out with friends and the Brat Haüs certainly fits the bill. The patio is superb and has all the things you love to do with friends, a huge Jenga block, tetherball, ping pong, cornhole... all in one of the best hidden patios in Old Town. Want a place to ride your bikes too, hang out and enjoy a great afternoon... no problem, this is your place. The Brat Haüs makes you feel right at home the moment you walk across the giant logo on the floor and it never stops until you walk out the door. 

See Entire Review Here... 
http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=995
Based off of food and atmosphere I was going to give this place three stars. I ordered the spicy brat (not actually spicy at all...) and garlic fries. While they were both decent, they were not worth the price they charged. If your restaurant is called BRAT Haus, you better have some better than average brats, which they don't.

The reason I gave this place two stars is because at the end of the meal the waitress brought out all our separate checks. One of my friends left a $10 bill to cover his meal and tucked it in with our credit cards, then he left because he had to go home. When the waitress came back with our credit cards, before she set the checks back down on the table, she says "oh and your friend who left didn't pay so I don't know how you want to figure out how to pay for him...." We were all confused because he is not the type of guy to do that and we asked "are you sure he didn't pay with cash?" and she replied "no, it looked like he hadn't even touched his check." Anyway, we all agreed we would cover his portion, but then when we opened our credit card holders we found his money that he had placed in there with his check. This was definitely just an honest mistake on her part --- BUT before you go accusing a customer of walking out on a check wouldn't you double check the credit card holders to look for his receipt?? And she never apologized when we pointed out his money had been there the whole time. It's just plain rude.
A group of us comes to Scottsdale every year for Spring Training and were we ever pleased to discover Brat Haus. In fact, we ate there five times in seven days. The staff is phenomenal, as is the beer. The food which ranges from foot long sausages to vegan fare is outstanding. We took all of our friends and everyone loved it. The beer selection is out of this world. They also have a ping-pong table and giant Jenga game. There is indoor and outdoor seating. If you're in Scottsdale this is place is a must.
OMG!  This was SUPER yummy!  We were visiting Scottsdale with our kids (11 &14) for spring break .   We asked for our hotel concierge for a family friendly place.  We took his suggestion and took the little golf cart shuttles from our hotel to the Brat Haus.  SO HAPPY!!  We had been there before, years ago, when it was a pizza place (different owners).  The BH made the old parking lot between their two bldgs an awesome outside seating are.  There is tetherball, live size Jenga, corn hole...PLENTY to keep the kiddos and grown up kiddos busy!   On Sunday's they do Brats, Beer, and B movies on a huge outside screen.  Would have loved to see this!!  Next trip.

Now, the food...WOW.  We had several people so we sampled almost everything on the menu.  Everything was fantastic!  Shout out to the root beer onions, the date cake (trust me, try it!!) and the piggy(?) sandwich (pork burger)!  YOU  MUST get the Belgain fries!!  My husband prides himself on being a pork aficionado  and he was blown away by EVERY brat...the beers were awesome too!  20-30 on tap varieties!  if you can't find one you like.. :(  boo hoo for you:(  good thing they have wine, cocktails and non alcoholic beverages!  But OMG, the PRETZELS!!!  YUMMY, YUMMY, YUMMY!  I wanted to bring them home to freeze!  I haven't had a pretzel that good, EVER, even in Germany!!  

The ambiance was casual, fun, welcoming!  The staff attentive and top notch!  Prices were super reasonable and you will be thrilled with the value!  Using the local climate that pleases (until July) it is the perfect venue for almost anything that isn't "fancy".  I recommend this for groups, families, celebrations of all kinds.  There were 2 b'day parties, a going away party when we were there.  OOH, and the short bus out front is the cutest sign ever! 

TOP family pick of our week!
UPDATE: I received a message from the owner, Dave. He said that the Brat Haüs is NOT considered a German restaurant. "We're a simple urban beer garden with a European influenced menu"  and that Yelp mistakingly has it classified that way and refuses to change it. Ummm... ok.... Do you think somehow the name of the restaurant might have caused a little bit of that confusion? right?

Several of us rode to Scottsdale on our bikes and wound up at the Brat Haüs for lunch. It's the only place around that wasn't too crowded, requiring a long wait. I was looking forward to eating lunch here because I am German and love German restaurants and atmosphere. I ordered the bottled root beer and beer brat with sauerkraut. The bottled root beer tasted authentic (duh), but the cooked brat, tasted dry, flavorless and was surprisingly small for the price. Yet, the bun was so wide, I could hardly put the whole thing in my mouth. I had to lift the little wiener off the bun to hunt for the saurkraut (sad).

After finishing my meal, I quietly announced that I was still hungry, only to find out that others at our table felt the same way. I've never left a restaurant hungry and always have to take a doggy bag. More food for the price please!!

Someone with us ordered a $10 beer in a small, stemmed glass. No thanks. We all know she didn't take any of that home with her. :-)

The atmosphere on the Brat Haüs patio is far from authentic. Where's the German (polka) music? I don't remember hearing any music at all. Why aren't the waitresses wearing cute, sexy dirndls or lederhosen?! Where are the colorful hanging flowers that adorn the German patios and windowsills? The only thing that is truly authentically German at the Brat Haüs is the way the tables are pushed together on the patio allowing total strangers to end up eating next to each other, like in Germany. What a disappointment!

I sincerely hope the owner does some much needed research on running a German restaurant or this place won't be in business long...sorry for my honesty.
We had a gathering of about 20 people last month and having it here was great.  We were able to spin some of the table conversations and make them activity based.  Life sized jenga, darts, corn hole...and beeper.  The staff is ALWAYS very attentive which i thought weird at first but really came to appreciate it as the drinks were flowing.  It was chilly that evening and not only did they provide space heaters while we ate...they brought them over to our 3 hour Jenga game.  Attention to detail all around...just look at the condiment holders and the rollers in the center of the picnic tables!   PROST!
Brat Haus, It's been a while but I remember clearly how amazing the staff was!!!
 We got to this establishment, very close to closing time and we were still treated very well. I didn't get to eat much here, I just had a drink, a few french fries and about half of a beer brat with the hot peppers ( I gave the other half to my friend, guys will eat just about anything). That was all delicious, and even better with the special treatment as my small group and I enjoyed the fireplace in the back patio along with a fine game of Jenga, we were practically the only one's left by that time.
 It was all super swell!! :)
 Thanks again Brat Haus, I must come back some chill day to try out that pretzel with queso fundido!! Sounds delish!! :)
My fourth trip to the Brat  Haus, this time with my teenage son, was another hit. This place has something for everyone: a killer beer selection, gourmet pub eats and a unique atmosphere. Let's start with the beer selection which features authentic German, Belgian and US microbrews on tap and a host of hard to find bottles. Each beer come with the correct glass. For example, I ordered a Zwick'l kellerweis and the delicious malty brew was served in authentic half liter ceramic stein. It is rare to find a bar which pays so much attention to the proper glassware, and it greatly enhances the experience. We sampled a top notch soft pretzel, excellent fries and out of this world brats with all the fixings. My son had a duck and date brat which had a wonderful smokey flavor while I enjoyed a beer brat which was a juicy treat. The patio which is situated between three small buildings evokes a European cafe atmosphere. The staff is attentive and well versed on the beer and food items. The owner even came by to check on our visit. This is a family friendly place which serves specialty sodas and even has waffles. A trip to the Brat Haus is like taking a trip to the Old World and never leaving Scottsdale!
Why does this place have to be so far away? The brats are amazing. The pretzels are the best I've ever had. And the beer cheese... one day I will learn how make something that tastes as good at home. And then have to start running weekly marathons.

The beer selection is great. There is plenty on tap and the prices are pretty reasonable. Where else can you get a German Oktoberfest on tap in March?

Pretty much everything is made on site. The pretzels, the brats, even the sauerkraut is made here and from local ingredients. If you end up sampling a lot, the price can get high fast but if you just come in for a brat it can be a reasonable lunch.
Three beers, two Brats, fries and a pretzel was our order ($50). Everything was mediocre. The beer selection is great and the concept of the place is pretty cool. I would give the food a 3.  Next time I would come here to drink and maybe have a snack, but I would not plan a meal here again.

On a side note, this cost them all stars. Flying a drone around for a half an hour while we ate outside was borderline ridiculous. They were flying this noisy thing over our heads and taking video or photos of us/customers and the restaurant. It instantly made us want to leave and was a bit intrusive for my taste...
Mixed review.   4 of us.  Dinner, outside.  
Fries. A
Schnitzel  C
Beet salad.  A
Brats. C+
Beers. C-  not enough foam, carbonation, and too warm. 
German potato salad. A+
Nutella milk shake. C+
Pie. D. Taste average, but the tiniest piece I've ever seen.  

Consensus.  2 don't want to come back....2 might, eventually, maybe.
Awesome concept.  All six of the sauces are great.  Good beer.  Nice patio.  The brats are a bit on the peppery side.  German potato salad was a hot preparation - I was expecting the cold version with radishes and vinegar (no mayonnaise), but, it was good.  Pretzel was pretty basic.
Amazing Brat Burger!
Amazing pretzels! And the cheese sauce?! So good!
It was too hot to sit in the beer garden, unfortunately, but the atmosphere inside was casual and relaxed.  
Our server was excellent--very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. Two of us went with his recommendations on the brats, and they didn't disappoint. 
This is a great place to meet up with friends over a cold beer and good eats!
The place is a fun, little hole-in-the-wall with a great beer garden for outdoor dining.  The fries are delicious and with all the different dipping sauces we had to have two orders!!  Everyone had a different brat so we could share and it was hard to tell which was better.  I definitely like the lamb, best.  If it's not really crowded you can bring your dogs as long as they're quiet and well-behaved.  Not cheap, but definitely good and fun.
Personally, I would give this place 3 stars for food, 5 stars for being a fun place to hang out with friends.  

First the food.  We got the house brat, a pretzel, some Belgian fries, a vegan burger, a couple of beers, and another pretzel with nutella for dessert. Everything was decent but not life-changing. Prices were a little bit on the high side. There was a decent (but not huge) imported beer selection. One plus was that they have a wide variety of sauces, mustards, and ketchups which are interesting and fun to try with the pretzels and fries. One a side note, this is a vaguely German-inspired pub, not a place for authentic traditional German food.  

However, if you are looking for a fun place to hang out with friends, then this place is perfect. They have a huge outdoor patio area with a bunch of games to play (extra-large Jenga, ping-pong, etc.).  Most importantly, we weren't pressured to keep ordering.  My wife and I got our food and one drink each, ate, then spent an hour nursing our beers and playing Jenga and the waitstaff never made us feel uncomfortable about it.
Braut Haus has done a great job of transforming the old Oregano's parking court into a laid back, shady beer garden filled with picnic tables, tether ball, ping pong and corn hole games.  

The ambiance is casual and not too raucous - a good antidote to some of the high octane bars up the street.  Filled with a non-trendy, mixed-age crowd, the BH seems more akin to a downtown Phx joint - vaguely but unoppressively hipster.

The menu sounded enticing but overall the food was a bit lackluster. I ordered  charcuterie plates of goat cheese, sliced pears and pee pollen, and a cheddarwurst brat.  My boyfriend had a burger. All the food was dry - even the pears.

Prices are reasonable however servings are small.

The service was perfect - friendly, attentive, efficient: an A+.  

Brat Haus provides an outdoor eating/drinking experience different from other downtown Scottsdale restaurants and bars. I'll be back to give the food another shot.
UPDATE II-Visited Brat Haus for a second chance and what an improvement!  We were seated quickly, tended to professionally, and finally had the opportunity to try the menu.  Excellent spicy brats, wonderful pretzels, and delicious Gaffel Kolsch made our second trip a real treat. 

UPDATE-Owner apologetic and accommodating following our one and only visit.  We intend to give it a second chance.

Horrible service. Called ahead, then arrived to find they never added our info.  Told a 15 minute wait.  After 50 minutes of waiting, finally got a table (inside, not outside as requested), then waited another 15 minutes with absolutely no visit from any server.  Decided to leave.  I was really excited to try the food, but not with that level of effort.  A flight to Germany would have been more bearable.
Great beer list.  I mean that.  If it weren't for the beer list I'd probably give it a 3 star as the food was just ok.  Though, to be fair - I ordered chorizo off of friends' suggestions when I really wanted the spicy brat - so I need to go back and give it another shot on my own to give it a truly fair rating.  The pretzels to start were great - I'd certainly recommend those to anyone looking to give this place a try (and try they should) 

Other notables:
Love the patio when the weather cooperates and the wait staff was very attentive.  

I will come here again and see if the food can match up to the beer - and if the Spicy Brat delivers I can see bumping this up to a 5.
This place is the shiznit!

They full on blitz you with great vibes and good times.

The patio is my favorite in old town:  huge trees provide shade during the day and have lights woven inside the branches to create a great glow at night .  An awesome covered area with a neato mister system called the misto360 is the bomb.com

For food the fundio: which is two fresh baled pretzels and a cheese dipping sauce makes me scream in delight. 

Awesome beer selection with activies such as ping pong, bags, tether ball (jamned fingers sold separately) bags and jinga round out the experience.

They also have a rotating mural from local artists in the patio!
Such a good atmosphere! No longer do you have to sit at a bar outside and stare at the TV.....Brat Haus has plenty of activities to enjoy. From outdoor movies to horseshoes, tetherball and giant Jenga, you can play like a kid again, all while enjoying a sampling from the phenomenal beer list.

Food aint so bad either. Everything is made in house from scratch -- including the baked pretzels and the veggie burger. 

Definitely a place to visit in Old Town.
Items sampled include:

Haus Original Pretzel with $3 Warm Three Cheese Beer Dipping Sauce

Haus Bacon Wrapped Dates

Imported Pecorino and Honeycomb

Belgian Fries with Ranch

Fall Turkey Brat with Butternut Squash, Apples, Sage 

Duck and Dates with Coriander, Fennel Seed, Orange Zest

Beer Brat with Parsley, Oregano, Beer

(Root Beer Onions, Apricot Onion Chutney, Picked Red Onions)

Brat Burger - Pork Sausage Patty, Fried Egg, Swiss Cheese

Drunken Date Cake - Oatmeal Stout and Whipped Cream

Belgian Waffle with Jalapeno Honey Butter and Syrup

Spending the afternoon of New Year's Eve in and around Scottsdale as lunch came around I asked my family what they were craving and deciding against Lo Lo's after much debate we ended up at Brat Haus in hopes of finding the artisanal sausage house as good as previous visits to similar locales in Chicago...but unfortunately no such luck would be found.  Clearly a spot where the impressive beer list supersedes the quality of the food our meal started off on the wrong foot when we were denied seating in the main dining room and placed in a smaller back bar area and although the bartender was pleasant enough while a great soundtrack played overhead it became quite obvious early on that our lack of enthusiasm for suds was unappreciated with food arriving slowly, often far from hot while water refills required direct inquiry.

Focusing on the food, a first round of appetizers proved to be fine, if not wowing - the pretzel nothing to write home about and the "do you want cheese with that" commanding an unannounced $3 up charge while the dates and pecorino were a nice sweet and savory pairing with quality ingredients well prepared.  Last and perhaps least, a basket of fries was ordered by my aunt and although I'm far from an expert I found them to be a bit undercooked; more starchy and less fluffy than I'd prefer.  

 Moving on to the meat of the menu (pun intended) aside from being luke warm and served on a decent roll I do not understand the reviews for the brats at Brat Haus and, as a matter of fact, with all the ridiculously hefty spices I'd defy anyone to differentiate on blind tasting the difference between pig, duck, or turkey on any of our selections - a lack of subtlety that led to my mother giving up after a few bites and even challenged myself on the duck brat as I felt like I was eating the smell of Penzey's Spices more than anything protein.  Faring better - as a matter of fact quite a bit better - my aunt's burger with a supple and smoky patty, fried egg, and sharp Swiss was the highlight of the savories; a case of "Keep it Simple, Stupid" if there ever was one.

For desserts - generally not a beer fan I actually liked what the rich chocolate stout did to temper the sweetness of the dates and the waffle that so many have raved was indeed a light at the end of the tunnel; a light, airy, and golden crisp disc with a bit of spice balanced by the sweet honey showing that the kitchen can indeed achieve balanced boldness when they try - or perhaps when they DON'T try and end up overthinking and overshooting their mark as they did with the sausages.
Food was 4 stars, service was 2-3.

Went to lunch on a weekday, the bar side was about half full (or empty for you pessimists) and a friend and I went for a quick lunch.

Service was friendly, but absent. Long waits between drink refills, we asked for a to-go box twice, and never got it. Found the box myself so we could get out.

It's a beautiful little spot, with very good food. I just think they need to work out some service kinks. In time I am sure they can make the service as great as the food and location.
Probably one of the best rotating beer selections in the valley. They had Dogfish Head 120, which I had certainly never seen in Az. They also have a nice local selection and specialty selection (like Chimay). 
The food is, from what I understand, Locally grown and slaughtered. The dude who owns the place is german, and makes his own brats and mustards, which I found to be delightfully tasty. The fries, however, have been woefully undercooked on the 2 occasions I have ordered them. 
The atmosphere is fun and lively, if you are going on a friday or saturday night, it might be best to reserve a table. They have giant jinga, tetherball, ping bong and a bag throwy thingy. 
The service can be a bit slow at times, but if you aren't in a hurry with a grandpa bed time, then it just lets you enjoy the company and surroundings more. I should say the food service is slow, but they never let my beer remain empty.
Who knew that you get a beer garden to work in Scottsdale...and in June!  While the interior is somewhat cramped the patio is a perfect social gathering spot.  The menu offers a German take on the 'farm to table' concept.  There isn't one item that blows one away but there are several solid options that will complement your evening.
Wow! With ratings like I saw I was expecting a lot more. I suppose if Id just come for the beer it would have been grand. However, i went for the food and was sorely disappointed. I wasn't impressed by their small selection of German food. I ended up ordering a schnitzel (only pork option, no veal) corn salad (not german by any stretch but since I was ordering the fries I didn't want two spuds) and fries. The schnitzel that was brought to me was about the furthest thing from. There were 3 very small pork patties breaded in what seemed (tho i could be way wrong) to be a panko breading. I don't even think they added any spices. Bland as can be. And at 14 bucks seriously? The fries were pretty good as was the curry ketchup. The only good thing about about the lunch was the drink I ordered and the staff. The staff was very polite and friendly.
This place has the best bratwurst I've ever eaten! My husband and I tried the currywurst and the venison brat and they were both excellent. The flavors are simply amazing! Also I think they make their own saukraut, we loved it. And you must try the german potatoes! The poutine was just ok but I'm picky being that I'm from Montreal. Would come back here next time I'm in Scottsdale.
Ate at the Brat Haus today for the first time and had the pepper jack brat and the fried chicken, so delicious! In addition had really great service!
I will definitely eat there again.
I love beer.
I don't really like brats though, so my view on the food might be skewed.
I went with a large group, and was able to try the rattlesnake, duck, rabbit and lamb brats.  The duck was my fav, but none of them are my thing I guess.
I'd come back to drink, but prob not to eat.
I love the Brat Haus! Lets just say I'm not what you would call a brat fan but this place changed me for the better! They use all fresh, natural hormone free ingredients, which makes me feel better about putting it in my body! If you've never been in before I recommend trying a brat. My favorites are the spicy brat with grilled onions or just the simple route with sauerkraut, the chorizo brat topped with the fabulous root beer onions (marinated in root beer) and the Moroccan Lamb brat with apricot onion chutney and spicy bell peppers. They just added a spicy pepper jack brat which is also fabulous! They have tons of brats to choose from besides my favorites I listed above including... a sweet brat, house brat, southwest chicken (spicy!!) a rabbit and hops brat, duck and dates, they even have a rattlesnake brat, and a veil brat. All the brats are made in house and are fresh as can be! The meat for both the brats and burgers come from Niman Ranch which means all the animals were vegetarian fed, antibiotic/hormone free and pastor raised... This can only mean that the meat you are ingesting is of the highest quality possible! 

Be sure to start with a pretzel and cheese! They are DELICIOUS and the cheese dip is a three cheese beer dip that u can also top your amazing Belgian fries with but don't forget the bacon. The Belgian fries are to die for (they also have awesome garlic fries)  the fries come with your choice of dipping sauce and they have a ton to choose from... Ranch, chipotle aioli, truffle aioli, thousand island (hush hush sauce)  sriracha aioli and Blue cheese bacon. Okay I hate blue cheese but this blue cheese bacon dipping sauce is AMAZING!!! A must try! So not only do they have awesome dipping sauces for your fries but they also have a variety of mustards to choose from! They have the simple traditional catsup and mustard but they also have a whole grain, Dijon, honey mustard and curry ketchup. Try them all!

Some other note worthy menu options are- The schnitzel, crispy ribs, local tomato salad (add bacon!) and the charcuterie options! 

Try and save room for the amazing date cake made with oatmeal stout and root beer (its soooooooo good!) you also can't go wrong with the butterscotch root beer float! 

OHH and did I mention they have 28 beers on tap and tons of bottles to choose from? They also have an awesome happy hour! 

**side note this is NOT a German food restaurant... But they do celebrate Octoberfest and its a pretty epic party!
OMG!  Five stars are not enough!  Server Sean made us feel right at home as we started out with the pretzels and three cheese sauce.  Best pretzel and sauce ever!   Liking  sparkling, he suggested the cider over ice for me and it was so refreshing with the 100 degree heat outside.  My wife bravely tried the Dogfish 120 and pronounced it spectacular.  For our meal, she ordered the sweet brat with apricot chutney. Delish! I am always one to order combinations so I can have several different tastes, so I went with the brat flight:  5 Oz. samples of the sweet brat with spicy peppers, accompanied by a Piraat Belgian Strong Ale, which I flavored with a house made honey mustard; a 5 Oz. spicy brat with root beer onions, accompanied by a Bells Two Hearted IPA, which I flavored with an amazing curry catsup; a 5 Oz. Haus brat with sauerkraut (which I have always avoided before), flavored with a house made Dijon mustard and accompanied by a Spaten Oktoberfest.  This was heaven for a sausage lover:  trying all of these wonderful house made sausages and condiments, and wonderful beer choices.  Before we left, Front of House Manager Kevin Evans stopped by for a long chat near closing and we were so impressed with his dedication and caring for his customers.  One of the best nights out we have had, with unique foods and brews and homey atmosphere.  Even though my wife had to drive home, ;-), this night made the drive from Georgia worth the entire trip.  Go to the Brat Haus now!
So I've been here a few times now and I must say, I'm a fan of the menu additions! Brat Haus has also done a bit of renovating since I was last in and they managed to add about 10-12 seats inside the restaurant.  The best part of their new menu might be the poutine. Yes, hand cut fries with a pork gravy and cheese curds. Their poutine is just a tad different in that the gravy is LOADED with meat.  I shared it with a friend and I probably should've called it quits there.... but I didn't.  I forged on and had the duck brat with sauerkraut and spicy peppers. The spicy peppers are red bell peppers, pickled to be spicy. They are fabulous!  You'll feel your core temp rise after eating a few.  And the kraut is homemade, served fresh and crunchy, not overly briny... Meaning its actually good! I added their dijon mustard too ... whoa! It was a party in my mouth. FYI, they have about 5 mustards on the table, all of which are housemade and all are pretty darned good. Then, as if I hadn't stuffed myself already, we decided to share a butterscotch root beer float. The server suggested making the float "adult style" which meant we'd be adding root beer vodka to the mix!  It was difficult to share, but very yummy. 
Service was good, not great, but not awful.  My beer was gone for about 6-7 minutes before she came around to check on my thirst.  It won't keep me away, I'll just be better about making sure I get a water at the beginning to tide me over any dry periods.
I am giving Brat Haus five stars on the overall expiernce. I get a good feeling everytime I see that outdoor patio which pretty much equals happiness to me especially when you combine it with a great beer. This place is built for spring-time and late fall in Arizona with all the outdoor amenities and patio vibe. The food is good, I would probably give the food four stars. They are currently on local dines which is a plus.
So this spot is easily one of my favorite spots in Scottsdale.  The beer list is always revolving and offers a lot of great choices for both novice and dedicated beer connoisseurs.  The starters are basic but in the best way possible, sometimes simplicity is the best mantra.  I have had almost all of the brats and their isn't a dude on the menu.  The staff is also great here, personality is the name of the game and they bring it in spades with great knowledge and trustworthy recommendations that come from people who actually understand what they are serving.  The owner is almost always on site and is friendly and welcoming.  Also if you happen to get Matt B  as a server tell him Jordan says work harder, and give him a good tip.
This place is great... The decor was interesting with good attention to detail, the servers were friendly and helpful, the food was delicious.  I had a spiced lamb brat and it was enormous--if I had known I would have split it with my partner!  The garlic fries have actual fresh garlic on them, the curry ketchup and truffle aioli are fantastic and the pretzels are great too.  Can't even think of a complaint!
I enjoyed the choices on the menu, pickled veggies and got the large brat for $12, my date had the pork schnitzel with fingerling potatoes for $14. His was generous and filling but here's the deal...a little imagination goes a long way and garnish, veggies or side salad included along with the one side would be more appealing.  My brat in a bun with chutney as a side and the plate showed a lot of porcelain, and I dont eat bread...
I'm sorry but it was a miss... Went here for birthday celebration. Pretzel was tasteless & the cheese sauce was horrible. Everyone said their food was " okay." Not sure if it was the server's first ever waitressing gig - but it was bad:(
Dropped in here just before happy Hour ended and just before that massive Dust storm rolled through Old Town. The place is split up with the bar on one side and the restaurant on the other side which was across the patio in a separate building. Actually, that is one issue because when you order food, your meal travels across about 30 feet of open space and through a bar entrance before it makes it to your table. With dust and flies outside, they should put a cover on that food as it makes it roadtrip across the backyard. That being said, the pretzel is well priced during Happy Hour (which runs til 6pm) at $3 with a side of cheese dip. cannot be certain, but it seemed the pretzel was warmed in the microwave because it had a more chewy and tough texture and after ten minutes it was too tough to eat. Pretzels way better at Cold Beers up the street. The beers were a few bucks off and they had plenty of choices, but who doesn't these days. Big jenga game on the patio as well. Looks worthy for a visit to beer garden again as weather cools off.
This is my favorite place in Old Town Scottsdale, hands down. The service is always great and the food and beer is delicious. Matt, the bartender, really knows his beer and is super friendly, and Kevin, one of the managers is always really welcoming. Love this place!
I don't eat hot dogs. I'm not a fan of brats/sausage. Well... I am a huge fan when it comes to Brat Haus brats!!

I LOVE the brats here.  

It's converted me. Entirely!!  I crave the duck and date one, with root beer onions. I don't even use any mustard! There's such wonderful sweet, meaty flavor -- and the bread choice is excellent compliment. 

Great beer on tap and excellent prices on happy hour.

A Yelp check in got me to try the nutella and soft pretzel which I am now also addicted to.
I recommend an appetite with a strong desire for a great time with friends and family. Games and terrific atmosphere for the whole group...28 beers on the list and not a dud in the crowd.
Meh.... I think this is my first resto 1-star review.  

Went here on Labor Day.  Must be the slowest day of the year for restaurant businesses.  Many restos were closed and this was the first place on my "to try list" that I found open after calling several other places.  I wish I had stayed away, perhaps had McDonalds?  Perhaps kept calling down my list?

 I was seated on the bar side.  The bar side has around a 12 top bar and about 6 or so tables.  I saw 4 different guys/servers/bartenders taking food/drink orders and delivering food and drinks.  I could sense there was chaos in their service, so when they came to take my drink order, I stopped the guy from quickly leaving my table and ordered my food.  Food came out... great.  I'm eating.  Now, I want my beer.  BUT, I must have been invisible after my food was delivered.  None of them came back to my table.  I wanted to try one of the craft beers.  I saw other people being serviced at the bar and their tables and  trying and ordering them.  I just kept waiting and thinking, some1 will come to my table next.  Hum, no.

So, I gave up on ordering the beer, since I had finished my brat.  I waited and waited and attempted to signal for my check.  Nada. Zilch.  I had to finally yell out for my check.  "Ahhhh, can I get my check, today?"  

Needless to say, I know where I'm unappreciated.  My dollars can go some place else.  I hate I had to spend my money there.  If I could have un-eaten the food, I would have so I could keep my money in my pocket!

As for the food, it was just ok.  Perhaps in a month I could be convinced to return, today, I don't see me ever going back there..

To borrow from yelper J.D....

Return Factor:  1%.
Stellar! Amazing food, brats, atmosphere, bar, bacon blue cheese sauce I could hang out here for days
I went to Brat Haus for lunch today with Local First Arizona. I was really excited when I saw they have a veal sausage on the menu. I was hoping it was a bockwurst - a white veal sausage that I've never been able to find in Arizona. I ordered it and it's not a bockwurst - still very good, but not a bockwurst.

I had the pretzels and they were fantastic.

I also ordered a vanilla shake. I like thick shakes so I was excited when it came out with a wide straw. Unfortunately it wasn't as thick as it looked, but still good.
great food, really expensive. 2342342343 different types of beers, but you can only afford to drink them during happy hour!! staff was awesome and friendly, food was even more awesome than the staff
Pig Mac and fries w/ aioli sauce are delicious! Great bratwurst selection (I mean, they must, right?), milkshakes are good as well.
This is a neat place with a lot of outdoor as well as indoor space.  I like the volume of the music, the decor's cool, and the beer selection is pretty good.  However, they're also one of the ones that serve the beer closer to the "ideal temperature" for tasting.  Let it warm to that, its not like we're sitting there chugging them I say!

Anyway, the brats I've tried so far are decent.  For me though sausage doesn't veer too much on the good or bad side, maybe because its always just been a flavoring agent for bread, pasta, etc.  The bread is actually really good here.  So why the 3?

I may be biased like I said but the brats I've tried so far (rabbit, sweet, spicy, regular) isn't that great or bad.  The toppings are neat and flavorful.  The 6 different sauces they have are 6 different sauces..  I kind of like the curry ketchup ok but the others is just not that good to me.  The sauerkraut is a lil bland.  The garlic fries were limp and not very garlicky.

The pretzel was really good!  The beer cheese was a bit.. lumpy?  Grainy?  Not cheesy enough for my taste I suppose, and slightly on the stingy side - I mean they charge like 3 bucks for it separately, can I at least get a full 1/2 cup??

Which brings me to the final bit - prices are a little high when you don't go for specials or during happy hour.  Still a bit high then..
I adore this place. It's like San Francisco in Scottsdale. Very relaxed environment, excellent service and very good food, beer and CIDER! I love hard cider so I was happy to find a few good ciders here. Now all they need is gluten free bread to make me completely enamoured. One of the bar tenders who waited on us was seriously the shit. He was the best bartender I've encountered in a long time. So refreshing to have excellent service in Scottsdale.
Guess I've never reviewed this place before? The hubby and I met up with some friends early on a Saturday night for dinner. It was around 6pm, before it started getting too rowdy... Brat Haus is unfortunately in that part of Old Town (right next door to Salty Senorita) where all the ASU kids come to drink on weekends. Anyway, we had some tasty food and Oktoberfest beers and a great time. My friend and I got the restaurant week special which came with 1 appetizer so of course we got the pretzel and cheese, my favorite. Then we also each got a bratwurst.. I think these were supposed to come with fries but our waiter was super swamped and forgot. Then we also got one each of the two desserts they offer. Bratwurst was delicious but nobody really liked the desserts much. This was not a bad deal at $30 for all that food. My hubby got the ribs plate and my friends hubby got the pig roast plate and those were $20 each which I don't think is that great of a deal. I think the brats are their best offering so it's usually a good idea to stick with that.

Really, the appeal of Brat Haus is their huge patio. When the weather is nice it can't be beat. It's a great place to come and enjoy a few beers... play some tetherball or jenga... whatever floats your boat. This month for Oktoberfest they even had an oompah band!
Food and service were wonderful and the price was even better! I will go back as often as I can!
Went for lunch with my fiancé and a friend, I had the beet salad,my fiancé hd the chirizo brat and our friend had the flight brat which came with 3 half brats and 3flight beers.... Everything was great ! We will definitely be coming back here....oh and great staff :)
Coooooool place!  I loved it the moment we walked in.  Another late night dinner for us on our road trip, my friend and I found this place in downtown Scottsdale, and enjoyed some tasty beers and dinner with a German flair.  I had the Moroccan lamb brat with sauerkraut and mango chutney upon our server's recommendation- delicious!  Very nice combination of flavors.  I also had a side of Belgian fries with chipotle mayo dip, also very good, nice and crispy on the outside, but thickly cut, and soft and potato-y on the inside.  Portions were big-- I would say you could split a small order of the fries between 2 people and be satisfied. My friend ordered the schnitzel, which came with home fries, so we were not short of taters!  We also had no idea how big everything would be, so we also ordered the beet salad, which they kindly split into 2 portions for us.  This was big too!  Easy to split between 3-4 people if you just want this a small appetizer salad, although I was grateful for the generous portioning, as it was a very nice salad- the beets were sweet and cooked just right, and they had a nice, warm, melty flavor.  Nice ambience outside with the hanging lights.  I really enjoyed our dinner here, and would easily come again if I'm ever in the area to try some other dishes.  Service was top notch, and prices were very reasonable.
Finally got back out to Brat Haus... One of my favorite food spots. Great beer list and awesome food. Not your normal backyard BBQ brats... All kinds of special meats and combinations...definitely need to step outside your comfort zone and try a specialty brat. Tons of toppings and beers to compliment the flavors. 

The pretzels are always one of our starters... Little hard which I like for a bit more crunch. Good assortment of mustards, cheeses and even some Nutella for dipping. 

Always finish with Drunken Date Cake... Sweet an savory... Never disappoints. 

Chill, fun place that you can hit up frequently and not get tired of.
Really good food, really good beer (even though they were out of a lot), a steal for restaurant week.
Craft beer bar with very good beer selection, cool vibe, nice people and solid food.  Extensive selection of beer, both on draft and in bottles/cans.  I was in search of a sour beer and there was a selection to choose from.  Had the pretzel and haus pate.  Big thumbs up to the pretzel but would probably stay away from the pate on the next trip.  It was just OK.  The pretzel was outstanding and the accompanying mustards were varied and flavorful.  Nice people.  Chill vibe.
We stumbled upon Brat Haus two weeks ago and have already been back with friends.  The food is excellent, especially the spicy brat with sauerkraut and French fries with your choice of 5 dipping sauces.  Fun, casual atmosphere.  The only reason I did not give this five stars is because the service while not horrible could use a little improvement.
Brat Haus is so cute! Sit on the patio (ample picnic bench seating), enjoy the beautiful Phoenix weather, drink a big beer, place bar games, and have fun! 

The food is fine. We got the pretzels & cheese fondue, which was pretty good. The pretzels came out really fast so they are clearly prepared well ahead of time, which is reflected in the texture (harder and tougher than the soft pillow homemade pretzel I was hoping for) but the cheese sauce far & away makes up for that! It's awesome, enough said. There are a few vegetarian options, but not a lot which is probably to be expected from a menu that says "swine dining". I had the shaved raw salad and enjoyed it.

I highly recommend visiting the Brat Haus for some beer & fun. It really is a great outdoor patio to relax at.
I'll start with the positives, nice set-up and a good German beer selection. That being said, I wouldn't go for the food. I gave this place 2 chances with about a year in between each try. One thing that's for sure is that they are consistent, because each time the quality of the food was poor in the same way. First visit, I ordered the spicy sausage with the apricot chutney; sausage was dry, bread tasted and felt a bit old, chutney was the only thing half way decent on it. Second visit, I ordered Das Brat with sauerkraut; sausage was dry, bread was dry, seasoning inside was overdone and disgusting, sauerkraut was weak with almost no taste. I do not expect fine dining quality from a place like this, but come on, at least make it edible.  Also to mention, on the second visit our server was crap. It seemed like he was just going through the motions, waiting for his shift to end, and not really giving a sh** about actually EARNING a tip. After two strikes of poor quality food that in no way delivered a satisfactory experience, there's no need to return to this place. Honestly, you're better off picking up a dog/sausage from Portillo's (and that's being said by someone who hates fast food)
Very cool place, but the service was a little slow.  Not saying that made is a bad experience, just that they were a little busy.  The delish haus brat made up for that and the very nice way that our server explained the different types of mustards and ketchups that are house made.  My favorite was the curry ketchup and honey mustard that is made with local organic honey--so good!  

The outside patio is lovely but we decided to sit inside where it was more intimate and less surrounded with boozy locals.  Still had a great time and will most likely be going back.
We recently went to Brat Haus on a Saturday Night, it was decently busy for Old Town and the wait was around 20 minutes.  After we we sat there was about a 10 minute delay between sitting down and having our drink order taken and then another 10 minutes to get the beers which were not ice cold, more like chilled and on the way toward room temperature. After this the service picked up and the food was delivered to our table in an expected amount of time (10-15 minutes).  The brats were delicious  along with the wide selection of Mustard to go with the Garlic Fries which were demolished.  All in all the evening cost about $80 for three of us, so for some brats and beer it is on the high side but that is to be expected of Old Town Scottsdale, I will probably be back to give some of the other brats and pretzels a try.
I've been to the Brat Haus a couple of times. It has so much potential but I'm going to have to pass the next time I'm in the area.

The patio is a great feature. They have some excellent beer as well. I think their brats are good and I like the bun that they come on. But $7.50 for a brat with a la cart sides is pretty expensive in my book. I had the German Potato Salad for $3.75 and the ratio of potatoes to sauerkraut on the plate was about 10 to 1 in favor of the sauerkraut. While I can certainly appreciate a restaurant wanting to jazz up an old standard dish. I think the Brat Haus strucked out on this one. German Potato Salad should have a lot of potatoes in it, dunkoff. The dish was good, but don't call it German Potato Salad. My bad for not reading the menu and assuming that German Potato Salad mainly consisted of  potatoes. I also had the ice cream float which I thought was a complete waste of 5 bucks. 

Another factor which puts my rating in the 3 star zone is that our server was so busy trying to upsell that she didn't deliver the "German Potato Salad" with the Brat. She forgot to put the correct order into the kitchen so I was basically done with my brat by the time the side was delivered. To her credit, she admitted to her goof up.

One suggestion that I would make is that the Brat Haus create individual plates for the roasted pig. I think you would sell a lot of those roasted pig plates.
A $12 Brat with chutney should have a salad and fries included ...for that price. I even ordeted with bun.

We spent a $40 spot and that included NO beer, I was hungry when I left.   We were under the impression it was a German restaurant...NOT!

 Does urban mean vibe mean no food? You can get a package of brats at the store for a couple bucks, and lettuce and potatoes cost pennies...

Unless restaurants give me my $ worth, I will never return.
ZOMG!  My cousins booked this place for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding.  Outdoor picnic tables with streamed lights, a wall to spray paint lurve on and the food!  First of all, they catered to our Serbian heritage and made bop chichi.  It was excellent along with roasted chicken, potato schmaltz, salad and the spiciest brats I have ever had.  The dessert also followed Serbian tradition with date cake.  The staff bent over backward in service of drinks.  Beer was tapped, and the wait staff was constantly asking if we wanted wine or any other hard liquor served in glass outdoors.  The setting was perfect for mingling of out of town guests with the wedding families.  It was a wedding in itself.

PS Did I mention the pretzels and pickle appetizers!!!!
Love this place! Great atmosphere and staff is very knowledgable about their beer, unfortunately not a lot of options for vegetarians on the food menu but other than that would recommend
Meh. I get the novelty of the place, but it just wasn't for me. I would say a little overpriced, but location location location. I would charge the same for that area. People will pay it so why not charge it. We are outside and it was a nice atmosphere, but that wasn't enough for me. I had a brat and it was decent, but to be honest I've had better that I've made myself. The hamburger order was wrong that they brought me the first time. They brought me the right burger and it was decent, but not worth the price tag. Their garlic fries on the other hand were pretty delicious.
GREAT beer! Everything else was just ok. It was empty when we were there on a  Saturday afternoon which I thought was strange, so perhaps a bit of atmosphere would have enhanced the experience.
Just left Brat Haus and will never return.  I used to love this place but just had the worst night of service and food ever.  The patio was crowded and the place was way understaffed.  It took forever to get our drink order in.  The beer came out room temp.  The garlic fries came out next and were cold.  We waited around for the server to return with condiments but he never did.  I had to get up and find him to let him know the fries were cold and we needed condiments.  He brought out condiments and a new order of hot fries.  The new fries were much better.  My date had one bite of her salad and found a large piece of wet paper towel in her salad.  I immediately showed the waiter and he took it away and asked if she wanted another salad.  A food runner came back with a new salad and apologized for the paper towel and told us the salad was organic and came wrapped in towels and he didn't knew how it got in there.  Since they had cleared my food by then and took her salad, she had no silverware.  We waited 5 minutes before a server was in site to ask for more silverware.  The check took forever to come and when our waiter brought it, he told us he comped the salad.  Overall, 7 strikes against Brat Haus for the horrible service and aweful food tonight.  I wish it had been better since I used to love this spot.  Unfortunately, I don't think I will be returning.
After posting my review last night, I got this response from the owner.  I appreciate the quick response and I'll gladly go back to meet the owner and give it another shot.  

"Sincerely sorry to hear about your experience last night. I'll find out what happened because we truly strive to provide a great experience in both food and service. If you decide to give us another chance, please introduce yourself to me or Kevin the GM, who was out sick last night, and we'll do our best to make up for last nights experience. Thanks for the feedback, we'll use it to get better."
I enjoy the staff they are super friendly!  I love the food I'm  half German they've got it down now when they 1st opened it was not this good     Oh by the way the gluten free beer is amazing
Service didn't seem to be the strongest suit of Brathaus, at least for my first visit as a party of one. 

Originally I was given my choice of seating in the outdoor area, only to be asked to move because I had been led to a spot that had been reserved by a large group. No biggie, I'll just slide over somewhere else. After not getting any attention for upwards of 10 minutes, I headed for a seat at the bar. 

The gentleman at the host station ended up taking care of my first beer as an apology for the lack of attention when I was first seated. So points for that. 

I have to give Brathaus a lot of credit for an impressive beer list - by no means am I a beer snob, but I appreciate a place that has a number of things I've never tried as well as a good selection of local brews. 

The brat slider sampler hit the spot and seemed to be a decent indication of what they offer. I certainly wasn't disappointed with the food, even though it was a limited sampling. The pretzel was also tasty as well as serving as a sponge for my beer intake. 

I'm a bit torn on Brathaus because I think the core product is good but there are some hiccups with service and what was brought out. I saw several beers sent back over questions of quality, and while I understand that restaurants are inherently chaotic, this one seemed to show its chaos more than other places I have been. Maybe I caught them between shifts or just a bit off their game, and I'm willing to forgive that because as I mentioned, I think their core product is pretty good. 

As they say, you never get a second chance to make a first impression, but I think I'd be willing to give Brathaus another chance. They salvaged a rocky start well, and delivered the goods for which they are known. There's no doubt that it has an appeal, especially for the younger set who want to hang out and hook up in the courtyard once the sun goes down. But for an often single diner in the increasingly competitive Scottsdale and Phoenix metro market, I did leave wondering if it would be a place to which I would return.
Loved this place. They had a group eating there at the same time but we still got great service.
Who would have thought, a (beer) garden in a desert?! Well, we found one, and we were very pleased.

Set back off Scottsdale Road among the few trees and twinkly lights, and a really large Mexican mural, are a handful of tables, high tops and long picnic tables for guests. Considering the location of Brat Haus, I think they did a reasonable job in setting the scene.

As far as the food & drink go, you can expect regular german fare like brats, pretzels, potato salad, etc... and a wide variety of beer. My man had the hefeweisen, recommended by our sweet server, and the bartender was able to make me a radler - beer and lemonade mixed together! Splendid!

To start we ordered the house-made pretzel that came with yummy sauces. While we waited for our rounds of food we played with the giant Jenga game they had - so much fun! After we snacked on the soft, yet crunchy pretzel our mains arrived. I had the house brat and my man had the moroccan brat, both were juicy and flavorful. We both got the root beer onions as toppings. The onions were extremely sweet, so much that I couldn't finish mine. Next time I would just go with the sauerkraut.

Overall, a lovely and refreshing experience.
I was here recently for an event. We had the beer and pretzels. I did not have dinner. 

The back patio was so awesome here. The owner was out there for our event and was very friendly. The pretzels were so awesome and the sauce, that I'd go back for them. 

I got the San Tan Count Hopula  (sp?) which I loved but when I asked for a second one, it was NOT the same beer. I was very disappointed. I sent it back.  She brought another back and swore it was the Count Hopula but I know that beer. It wasn't. She was adamant. I was disappointed. Pretzels and ambience is 4 stars, waitress and bad beer not so much.
This place is great every time we go. I'm terrible at choosing a beer when there are so many options but the bartenders are very knowledgeable and help me pick the perfect beer every time. There food is also amazing I get a pretzel with the beer cheese every time no matter and of course you have to get a brat. I like the veal with spicy peppers but the duck and date is also amazing. I don't think I will ever stop liking this place.
I just think the layout of this place it unique. 2 separate buildings with the patio between. You have to try the fresh warm pretzels with one of the tap beers! The Brat sampler gives you a great chance to sample the Chefs artistry with sausage. This place is like October fest in our back yard.
Everything about this place is just yes! The food, the beer, the atmosphere, and friendly service. This is the kind of place we live for. Not to mention, kid friendly for our tot to come along. Will be back!
First, let me say, I really wish that I could give this place more than 3 stars.  It is such a cool concept, and the atmosphere is great, but those things don't make a restaurant.  First, though, I will elaborate on my previous statement.  Brat Haus has an awesome outdoor area.  They have large tables, games--including tetherball, which I hadn't seen in years--, and I think they even show movies on the wall sometimes when the weather is nice.  But...

The food, for the most part, is nothing to write home about.  The one thing worth mentioning is the pretzel with beer cheese appetizer-- oh my Lord, it is amazing!  It is even better than the pretzel balls with beer cheese down the street at Culinary Dropout, and I thought nothing would beat that.  Oh, and the fries are pretty good.  Unfortunately, though, that's the best that it gets.  The brats are alright.  Actually, I haven't had many of them, but I wasn't thrilled with the one I had, which was just the basic Haus Brat.  I love both duck and veal, but I was very disappointed that those brats both included fennel.  If you're not familiar with fennel, it tastes like licorice.  It can be good in some dishes, but I don't want it in my brats, so I haven't tried those.  

I was very excited to try the schnitzel, but it had no taste-- ZERO.  I had it on a sandwich, and it was alright, but then I took the meat off and tasted it, and it tasted like nothing.  So disappointing.  I've also had the Pig Mac, and it's definitely better than the brats or the schnitzel, but still not something that I crave...and it's ridiculously large. 

Finally, I can't not write about how horrible the service was the last time I went there.  Now, I will say, I don't remember the service being so awful on my previous visits.  However, last time, my party and I almost walked out.  The place was next to empty, and it took 15 minutes for the server to bring our drinks, which included 2 sodas and a water!!  That is ridiculous!  Once we got our food, he made very little effort to check on us for the remainder of our time there.  If those pretzels hadn't been so freakin' amazing, we probably would have left.

So, if the weather's nice and you're looking for a cool spot to hang out and drink beer and eat pretzels, then the Brat Haus is probably a safe bet.  Otherwise, I'd skip it.
Love the pretzels and mustards.  Brats are great too.  Lots of great beers.  I'm looking forward to the brat taco stand they're opening soon onsite.
I've been meaning to try this place since it opened, and I finally got around to it this week. Now I'm mad I waited so long!

I have tried many veggie burgers in my life, and I think I may have found "the one." It was so tasty and did a great job staying together. The dressed arugula and pickles on top complimented the burger just so. Usually I find myself drowning veggie burgers in condiments and cheese, but this was great as is. Of course, I had to ask for extra pickles because I'm an unrelenting addict. My husband really liked his gigantic haus brat and loooooved the german potato salad. I also got a small order of fries so I could try out all the condiments kept in the 6-pack cartons on the table. The house made curry ketchup is out of this world good. It was hard to stop stuffing my face. Although this place focuses on beer, the cocktail list is great too. The new fashioned and kentucky mule were delicious and very strong. We like a place that doesn't skimp on the booze!

I look forward to coming back so I can try the pretzels and date cake.
If I were going somewhere with a group of friends to drink and nibble, this would be the place.  Going with my wife and kid, maybe not the best.  Beer selection was good. Not the best in town but better than your average bar.  Inside bar area was way too small.  I thought the beer selection would be a little more extensive.  Food was okay, didn't wow me (except the sauces were impressive.  Took forever to get our initial order of fries and brat sampler.  It seems to me this place really caters to bigger groups (we were asked to move for one) and doesn't pay too much attention to smaller parties.  Server even complained to us that he has tables in 3 different rooms.  
 Frankly I went in with really high expectations because I love beer, brats and beer gardens.  I was probably holding the bar a little too high. I do love the outdoor seating and the big community tables.  The way a beer garden should be!  I think the place is still getting its footing and we will try again in a few months!
I went there for lunch today a little after 1:00 pm and the place was almost empty.  I ordered and waited and waited and waited.  After over 30 minutes I walked to the kitchen and asked , How long does it take here?"  The guy sweeping the floor said, "What are you waiting for?"  He was clueless. He asked who my waiter was but at that point I couldn't wait any longer and left.  What a joke of a place.  I wonder what they do when they're BUSY!!
I am so happy Brat Haus has stuck around Old Town. Such a wonderful place with good eats, great beer and a phenomenal patio! We actually love it so much we had our engagement party out back in April.

I was fortunate enough to attend an yelp event here some time ago which was my first experience as they were trying to generate some traffic. For a place whose name suggests a very meat centric menu, I was impressed with their vegetarian options. Many events cater to carnivores, and while still fun, it was much more enjoyable to sample a larger variety of the menu. The French fries are delicious and it's totally acceptable if not encouraged to have fries and beer as a complete meal. The pretzels were kind of stale at first taste but I've ordered them since and they were much fresher and softer. The mustard options are plentiful! 6 mustard choices deserves it's own star.

The patio truly is one of my favorites in town. Lovely even in the summer (thanks some kind of futuristic uber fan) and provides plenty of entertainment. Our engagement party guests especially loved playing ping pong and tether ball. Our food included veggie sliders, meat sliders, and the kale salad. The veggie sliders were a little underwhelming as far as texture and flavor goes, but overall the food was great. The service is what really soared above expectations. They handled a group of 40 with so much attention and friendliness. I think I may just have my birthday party here as well!
This place just keeps growing on me. The Schnitzel Sub is a perfect lunch. And Jaeger Stew is back for the season. Nice.
Love the Brat Haus. Great beer selection, relaxed vibe, good food, just a really nice atmosphere...

...BUT, do not do the pig roast they offer for large parties. Not at all worth what they charge for it, and frankly not that good. We were served frigid cuts of pork from a pig that was supposedly roasted just for us (we never saw it, so with the flavor and temperature we guessed it was left overs from someone else's party). Yes, it was served almost refrigerator cold. It's served on mashed potatoes and mixed veggies that tasted like they came from a can. Just completely disappointing. At $50/person my big group was hoping for a fun, unusual, communal experience, but man, it was like a bad school lunch. Not one person in our party of 25 enjoyed it.

Again, I highly recommend the Brat Haus for just about everything else. But I just feel like I have to comment on the pig roast.
Kind of a cool place with good service, but unfortunately the food just isn't very good.  My chicken platter was completely dried out and no matter what they call it, that wasn't German potato salad.  Wife ordered the lamb sausage which was way overspiced and cooked hard.  On the plus side, the manager dropped by unbidden and graciously replaced her meal with another very quickly when she commented on it.  

The atmosphere indoors was OK except for a kind of punky music track that seemed out of place for people trying to enjoy dinner and friends.  Overall, good potential, but only if they learn to cook.
I leek the feel of this place especially in the patio area. It's comfortable and very social as it's festival "bench seating" style but you must be seated by a greeter which is not a problem. the staff is very nice knowledgeable about the food they sell and the beer they serve. I Love to stop by in the day time and enjoy non-crowded parking which is the only issue I have with the location. "limited parking". My impression of what makes this place keep going is the local workers in the area and that they can walk to this after work without the parking hassle (do you get that I'm not happy with the parking yet?)

Anyway, to the  food, I love brat sausages. These were really good. I was impressed with the chorizo brat? the unusual side condiments are fun. 

Today I ordered the "das brat" with sauerkraut and was disappointed that 
I was served cold sauerkraut and had to send it back to have them heat it up (without hassle I might ad) and they brought it back warmed up nicely. It was fantastic!
Everything about this place is amazing! Food is incredible! I recently moved to Seattle and have been searching for a place similar to this and haven't found it yet. I'll keep searching but until then, I guess I'll just have to day dream about Brat Haus' amazing pretzels.. Siiiggghhh.
Stopped here for lunch and had an amazing experience.

I sat outside in the Biergarten which was a perfect place for lunch. The bartender was covering outside as well as inside but was still out to visit my table quickly. He took the time to explain the menu to me and had an in depth knowledge of the rather large beer list and how the beer would pair with the various brats on the menu.

I find it very refreshing to have someone who just doesn't memorize the menu (which is a step above the server who fails to even be familiar with the menu), but actually knows the menu and how the various offerings work together.

The food was in line with the great service I received. I especially enjoyed the Belgian Fries.

I look forward to my next visit to Brat Haus!
Ever been to Germany? Visit this place; it us legit. Food is on par with dishes I ate while stationed in Germany. The pepper jack cheese brat is amazing. The pretzels with beer cheese are money. Great outdoor seating (don't do it in the summer...don't do it!). 

Beer selection is very nice. A little pricey on some of the selections, but it is Old Town. On occasion I'll order something and it's tapped out...and so us my second selection. Either people are drinking great beer faster than they can refill it or management needs to order a couple of extra kegs. 

Service is not over the top, in your face, asking how everything tastes every 5 minutes. Appreciated. Managers do a run to ensure everything meets expectations. Smart touch.

Stop reading this and go eat there already. Legit.
Brat haus is set up great. The big patio with the big tables makes it comfortable and great for a large party. I went to Brat Haus for a friend's birthday who is a beer fanatic; it was perfect in that sense. The server asked perfect questions to know exactly what kind of beer we would like, and made great recommendations. The food to me was so-so. I like sausage just fine, I just wasn't a huge fan of the toppings. I ordered the brat sliders, which came with a sample of 3 brat's with 3 different toppings. I was disappointed. The saving grace for Brat Haus in my eyes was their hot pretzels with cheese (AMAZING), beer and the "hush hush sauce." I also ate a few French fries whom a friend had ordered and they were good. I'd highly recommend this place for a casual dinner, birthday party, or for someone who loves German beer. The prices are great too!
I've had two great experiences at Brat Haus. The first was a lunch with some coworkers to scope out the place for a corporate event. We had a great lunch and our server was very knowledgeable about the beer selection and what kinds of beers would pair well with what brats. She also recommended the pretzel with cheese which was amazing. Who doesn't love a good soft pretzel?  Gluten haters, for shame!!

My second experience there was for our corporate event. We reserved the patio which is such a great area. They have giant jenga, ping pong, and darts, as well as large overhead heaters and big benches which were very conducive to our guests mingling and moving and having a great time. Kevin, the manager, was awesome and on top of everything. He made sure our party was well staffed with servers, busers, and food runners. He also made sure that the appetizers came out in waves so as our guests were showing up there were always enough munchies. Once everyone arrived our servers started taking orders from our set menu and as people decided they were ready to eat the servers were always prepared to take their dinner order. Once again dinner came out in waves and it was perfect. Everyone mingled, ate, and drank at their leisure. I could not have picked a more perfect and well prepared place for our event. I will definitely be going back there and recommend we do more events at the Brat Haus.
Out of towner here, had the chance to come in on a Friday night and here is a breakdown:

+2 stars for the location, great, awesome, patio was great to take advantage of the great weather AND it had fantastic games like giant jenga, tether ball, ping pong, etc.
+2 stars for the drinks, nothing like good cheap stiff drinks
-1 star for the service, the waiter we had was rocking some attitude, very likely just the one guy and not representative of the whole staff
Super gemütliches Ambiente,  urig und fast wie Zuhause ;) Service war freundlich und bemüht ohne Arsch freundlich zu sein. 
Besonders nett finde ich das Angebot kostenlos Tischtennis und Riesen-Jenga spielen zu können. 
Das Essen war klasse!
Super fun environment, great food & drinks. I can't order anything besides the bacon sliders (with tomato jam) because they are THAT yummy! Only complaint, the tetherball was a lil rough on the hands ;) but, then again where else can you find a tetherball in Old Town?!!
Beer, lots of it, and meat in tube form, under one roof???? Where do I begin. 
The waiter have us some suggestions for beer and we tried the Bell Double IPA. Probably the best beer I've ever had. His suggestions for food were also great. We tried the sliders. All of them were very good. The one that stood out the most was the spicy brat with root beer onion on top. OMG. Just sooooo good. I also ordered the potato salad which was made better by the fried egg on top. Why is everything better with a fried egg on top?
I can't wait to come back and try some more new things...
Great German beer selection... the hefe was so good!  The pretzels with cheese sauce were AMAZING!  Small fries were more than enough for 2 people.  Loved the spicy brat.  Had mine with the apricot onion chutney...sweet was a great contrast with the spice.  Hubby had the sauerkraut... so fresh even I liked it.  Considering going back tomorrow.. that good!  Go here...you will not be disappointed.
Great patio and outdoor area with some fun group games such as giant jenga and ping pong. Service has always been prompt and they have great unique beers to choose from. You'll for sure get the German vibe here just looking at the menu selection and beer choices. 

This place is great for all types of people because I've been here with work friends, happy hours, brought my parents here and my wife recently did a surprise birthday lunch here with about 10 of my friends! 

I don't have a favorite thing here yet but the pretzel is delicious and they have some really great sauces to go with some of their appetizers.  The place does get pretty packed during your typical peak hours but what good place doesn't in Old Town. I'm looking forward to trying the chef's new spin off Taco Haus. So that should tell you something, the place is successful enough that they are able to spin off a Mexican version of Brat Haus. 

Oh and if you're looking for that Oktoberfest any time of the year, you can get das boot filled with your favorite beer. Auf Wiedersehen!
Great food, great beer selection!  Really stands out amongst the douchey downtown Scottsdale scene, so glad it is there!
As promised - return trip revealed a bun upgrade at Brat Hausa.  The perfect bun upgrade merits that fifth star.  Seriously fun place where they take their ingredients serious.
Used to live in Phoenix, was back in town visiting for a wedding and a friend took us here while out for the night in Scottsdale.  What a great find!  My boyfriend was a HUGE fan of the beers--great selection and so many varieties and sizes to choose from.  The food was incredible!!  We started out with the Fundido--the pretzel was so delicious and dipping it in the beer cheese was the perfect compliment.  My boyfriend had the Haus Brat and tried it with the house-made mustards--simply delicious.  I had the Vegan burger, and I have to say it was one of the best vegan burgers I have ever had for a place that is centered around the Pig and all its forms.  So utterly perfect and delicious and everyone that sampled it at the table agreed the flavors were amazing!  We had a basket of fries to share with the dipping sauces.  So scrumptious.  This place is a must-try and a must-revisit!  We didn't get to sit out on the patio because it was reserved but it looked like a great place to hang out with friends--especially with the great Phoenix weather!  

The service was spectacular.  The waiter was super-knowledgeable about all of the beers and offered suggestions when my boyfriend was looking for specific types, etc.  He was also great with being honest about suggestions for food on the menu--I really appreciate the honesty from waiters at restaurants.  He was amazing and our entire experience there was amazing.  We will definitely go back the next time we are in AZ and I will definitely recommend it to friends!!
Walking in at 6:10 (drat, just missed happy hour which ends at 6:00) I was greeted in a friendly manner by a young man at the front.  After asking where I'd like to sit, he pointed me to the bar when I replied inside.   It was a cloudy and slightly cold day so I figured inside was better than outside.

Once inside one of the bartenders greeted me and handed me a menu. I started off with brat sliders and ski, a lemon orange soda that reminded me of mountain dew, but less strong and drinkable.

The bar had a decent number of people in it originally, but not to full and slowly got busier as I sat there.   The brats were good, basically you get a 1/2 brat, and the beer selection was quite extensive.  I'm sensitive to hot food and the spicy brat was perfectly edible so I'd warn you it's not "hot" more spiced or flavorful.  I would call this an American Gastropub take on a German beer garden since it isn't the same (I've been to Munich).  However, it will make you happy if you want some Germanish food and beer.  

I could tell the guys working the bar cared about the beer.  I overheard a few conversations where one talked about switching a tap/line because they had a cherry beer in there and it lingered a bit and they didn't want to have that ruin someones drink.  I also saw the bartender give the guys who were picking up beer orders some tests (friendly) where he'd give them a smell or taste and they would try to guess which beer was which.

Too bad I don't live nearby or I'd come back here.
I want to give this place more stars but I just can't. We just came from Germany and yes, we have been to the real HB in Munchen. The set up of a bier garden was great, however, the music they were playing is not at all of German music not to mention the huge colored mexican painting on the wall. Not cool and that threw it all off. Our waitress was great. She was always checking in on us. I would like to comment though that when a couple says "we'll have one more" that it means one more round of two beers, not just one beer.
My wife's schnitzel sandwich was very good. Lots of flavor and very interesting. The garlic fries were great as everyone else mentioned. I ordered the brat with sauerkraut. The brat was just weird and dry. Nothing that reminded me of a German brat. The sauerkraut was extremely weird. I have never seen anything like that in my life. I even took a bit of the kraut alone just to see how it tasted. Didn't taste anything like kraut and I was disappointed. I only ate about 3/4 of my brat and that was enough disappointment. They need to fix this. 
If you've been to Germany and even lived there, you may be disappointed.
I've been here twice, once with my dad and for with a company function.

Both times I felt the same way. The actual place is great. They have a nice patio with ping pong and tetherball!

They also have a great beer selection. Lots of taps and bottles, and they usually have something unique or hard to find. Last time I was there they had one of my favorites, Firestone Double Jack.

Also their apps are great! The wings are really good and they might have the best pretzels with cheese I've ever had at a bar.

The reason they don't get more stars is I have not really enjoyed much of their actual entrees. I've tried some burgers and brats and nothing was that special that would make me want to eat a meal there.

Overall a great place to meet with friends, grab beers and pretzels and then play some games! Just not a place I would want to eat a full meal at again.
This is a gem of a place nestled in Old Town Scottsdale. The server was very knowledgable about both their beer menu and food and provided awesome recommendations. 
The ambiance makes this place either a cozy intimate affair or a fun group gathering. The main seating area is an outdoor pbackyard patio.  If you don't have your own entertainment you can choose from some awesome games of ping pong, teatherball , or try your had at life sized Jenga, it was amazing.  
The food and beer were equal to the service received.  I enjoyed the spicy brat with some spicy peppers and probably to most delicious sauerkraut I've ever tasted.  All complimented with a flavorful and smooth German Amber beer. 
If you haven't checked out this place before I recommend experiencing it for yourself.  This place would be great to host company parties.
This place is cool if you like good beer and meat. All cool people like those things. I just sat with some really nice bro who says he is the "G M" and even though he is a Shehawks fan this place is great. Avoid if you prefer food that food eats.
I can't say enough about this place. The food is incredible the beer selection never disappoints and they have a rotating selection as well. My favorite thing about the Brat Haus though is the service. We are always treated very well. We did a private party for 22 people and paid the extra $20/ person for the all you can drink option. Well worth it. Also, everything is locally sourced and even the mustards are made from scratch. Try the Pig Mac. Incredible.
Brat Haus has become a place my friends and I have to go to when we go to Spring Training each year.  This last year we stopped in three times in five days and each time we were met with great service, great food and amazing beer.  The outdoor beer garden is fantastic with tons of room and fun games like giant jenga to play.  

I ate the schnitzel and spatzel and it was awesome! My friends are german and absolutely loved the various bratwursts available. Order the pretzels...they are amazing!!

A must stop when in Scottsdale!
Stopped by here on St. Patrick's Day weekend to cap off the night with a last drink. 

Our server made a couple suggestions on their drink selection, since it was clear we were newbies in German craft biers. 

We tried two new craft brews and I really liked mine. However, my friend went with a red ale, and unbeknownst to him, it turned out to be a Sour. 

When our server came and asked us how we were doing, he remarked to him that he didn't like how tart his beer was. Our server took the beer away and gave us another selection on the house. What I really appreciated is that he ended up complimenting the more expensive beer and charged us the lower amount.
Kudos to him for such a great gesture. 

Minus one star because we had to chase down our server to order in the beginning when it really wasn't very busy...but I think they were trying to shut everything down for closing.
This place is great.... the perfect place to enjoy the beautiful Arizona weather with awesome company. The courtyard is big and has cool games like tether ball, ping pong, giant jenga and more, plus lots of seating. However it is not dog-friendly (insert sad face)

And, oh, the BEER. If you are a beer fan, you will love this place. Awesome selection of authentic german beers and more. Definitely the best place in old town for GOOD beer, without a doubt. 

Food is great too. I highly recommend their sliders. The brats are good as well, but I am not a brat connoisseur, so they all kind of taste the same to me (still good though). However, they put them on a great crusty roll and are accompanied by a selection of awesome, high-quality mustards. You get to select one topping to go on your brat as well, and I love the apricot chutney, if you are into the sweeter side of things. 

Also, been meaning to try this: they have a menu item I believe is called "The Whole Hog." Anywho, the idea is to get 20-ish of your closest friends together and order this item, as it is feeds large groups. 
Sounds like fun. Anyone done it and enjoyed it?

Anyway, great place to hang out, play games, DRINK AWESOME BEER, and enjoy good food. 
Yay Brat Haus!!!
was expecting a very very good dog.  I ordered the pepperjack one per the servers suggestion. It was good but nothing I would come back for. However their desserts were AWESOME! Very nice outdoor seating and jenga to play!
The beer is great, and the atmosphere is awesome! Now, for the complaints...my pretzel tasted microwaved...a bit soggy, not enough alternative healthy meat options, a movie playing on a Sunday with kids in the restaurant without warning with more F bombs than most truck drivers use in a lifetime...lastly and my biggest complaint...I appreciate the vegan option, albeit not that great in taste, that comes on a non vegan bun! Big oversight and a big fail!! They originally had the vegan option in a sausage form, but it was like an elongated falafel ball...now it is in patty form which was not an improvement, just a change in shape. 

If I am correct in assuming that this concept was based on the Würstkuche in Venice Beach, I suggest they take cues from their menu and offer more variety...and vegan items that are actually vegan!

Want to like this place more...being of German descent...but there are too many holes!!
Great food, beer and ambiance. Really modern twist on German food! Definite visit next time in the area
This place is awesome! I'm not a beer drinker but they have a ton of beers on tap or bottled, as well as a delicious bottled butterscotch root beer. Their fries are amazing, and the brats are great too. The buns really hold everything together well.
I wanted to take the time to Thank the Brat Haus for making our wedding rehearsal dinner a remarkable experience. On short notice, one week, they gladly accepted our reservation for 22 people. When we arrived, we were promptly seated and the experience was just amazing. The patio atmosphere is phenomenal for a party such as this.  The menu, while not large, has something for everyone. As a beer snob, I found the beer menu fantastic.
The servers were personable and extremely efficient. A great time was had by all and it made our wedding weekend great.
Thanks to all at the Brat Haus. Definitely will return!
Thought we'd try something new.  Beer menu was great, as was the Dunkelweiss. Sorry to say that the brats were less than satisfactory - tasty, but quite overcooked and very dry.  Apricot chutney and root beer onions... meh.. nothing added any lusciousness to this meal, including the cold, dry saurkraut.
Went there for a business get together and had a great time. Sat outside and played the huge Jenga game. Only had pretzels, sliders and other apps but it was all very good.
Being married to a woman raised in Germany, I know authentic German food, and this is not. Regardless, it's good. Real good. 

If you like brats, you'll love this place. I should also note that the outdoor patio is quite nice, on par with the Fillmore Vig downtown. The service? No complaints there either.

We shall return.
Food is really fresh here. The German potato salad is amazing. Next time I would add the brat and the egg as a meal. I had a traditional brat which was very good however the bun is too big. Don't need that much for a bun. Atmosphere is terrific an Hofbrau Helles on tap is authentic.
I really enjoyed this place! The brats were good and had some unique options for toppings that gave it a different flare. The beer was amazing! I had the Hefeweisen, which had this subtle banana flavor, but tasted amazing. I loved the atmosphere of the outdoor patio area. The service was friendly and quick and helpful with recommendations.
Group of six of us went for Happy Hour on a Saturday evening.  Even though they were busy we were sat rather quickly within about 10 mins of waiting. You must sit outside before it gets too hot.  Absolutely awesome outside area, large tables, plenty of room it really gives off a beer-garden vibe.  Our waitress was all over it and never missed a beat, she was obviosuly very busy but our drink levels never dipped below halfway before she was back asking if we were ready to try another beer.  She was very knowledgeable of the different beers and menu items to pair them with and offered up samples of beer.  The atmosphere was very comfortable / casual for Scottsdale.  We only had apps with our many beers,   pretzels with cheese  dip, ribs and the brat sliders that we had were amazing.  Everyone in our group was having such a great time we hated to leave for our dinner reservations at Barrio- next time we are staying for dinner!  We are all fans and will be back,  if we didn't live on the Westside we would be here every Friday for the Happy Hour and fun atmosphere!  Great place with awesome food and the waitress we had was outstanding!  The Brat Haus hit all the marks on service, food and ambiance.
Really neat little place. Great outdoor space and hipster feeling inside.  Hand crafted artisan brats and beers and the pretzels with beer cheese sauce are awesome. Can't go wrong here.
Phenomenal. The people who did Brat Haus and Taco Haus just know their damn stuff. 

BEST thing you can order is the brat flight, $12 bucks for three different brat samplings and three different beer samplings. You have to love the 5 variations of mustard on every table + curry ketchup. Awesome wait staff. Soo so good.
Great service, beer selection, and cozy atmosphere.  Avoid the pretzels and house brats.  Maybe i got an old pretzel but quality control is badly needed there.  Bratwurst was way too modern and did not taste good.  Stick with traditional German food and i will come back.
I really wanted to like this place - I truly did, but alas it was not to be.  I'm not a beer lover - but for those that are - they have about a billion beers to choose from.  I did get some delish hard cider.  They also have unusual bottled sodas which are fun to try.  The bartender/waiter was extra nice - good service and someone you could tell cared about his job.  That was the good... unfortunately - that doesn't include any of the food.  The pretzel with cheese was just ok - didn't taste fresh and soft and the cheese sauce was very heavy on the swiss flavor and kind of bland.  We were excited to try the poutine - and VERY disappointed.  The gravy was bland and you could still taste the flour.  It was basically just a $10+ plate of trash.  Hubby had a brat - which he wasn't really impressed with.  I got the Pig Mac - I did like it but not enough to be able to convince hubs to return.  The inside seating is all high tops - and not particularly comfy.  

Bottom line - this isn't a place for us - it's a place for people who love beer and horseshoes and don't mind sitting on uncomfy bar stools.  People for whom the food might be a second thought and maybe have beer goggles on while they are eating.
Great outdoor place. But we got food poisoned from the saussages. I dont recommend eating them at all. We might come back for a beer, though.
We have eaten here several times and actually like their food and beer selections.  And the services has always been pretty good.  So why did I rate them 2 stars?  Because we tried to have our wedding rehearsal dinner here for 30 people and received no response from the manager.  We stopped in one day and spoke with an assitant manager who took all our information and assured us we would hear from the manager, Kevin E., later in the week.  Nope, that didn't happen.  I emailed Kevin.  I tried to call Kevin.  No response.  That is fine if you can't take our reservation and accomodate us, but let us know.  A quick email or phone call would be good customer service.  And it would have changed my 2 star review to a 4 or 5 star review.
I've been wanting to try this place for quite some time and Hubs brought me here for my birthday today. Lovely outdoor setting with lots of 4-top tables and picnic tables for larger parties too. There are oversized Jenga sets, a ping-pong table, and a set-up for bean bag toss on this pet-friendly patio. Misters were on lightly and felt wonderful as we start summer here in Phoenix. Service was good and the beer was icy cold. Thanks for making our German favorites - rattlers with fresh lemonade. Menu selections were ample and we took our server's recommendation. The spicy brat was terrific, the lamb brat was excellent, and the veal brat was dry and chewy. Sadness for me as that was my order. The other brats were juicy and delicious but the veal was just blah. French fries were done up crispy good and the German potato salad is an interesting (but tasty) variation on the classic style. The date cake for dessert was a lovely treat. I'd come back but wouldn't get the veal.
I ate here about a year ago and had the fried chicken (can't remember the name, perhaps Chicken Schnitzel) and I have been craving it every day since but unfortunately I live too far away to frequent this fine establishment and it looks like they removed it from the menu! Heartbroken but I am sure everything else is just as tasty. The chicken dish was so crispy on the outside and ridiculously juicy on the inside. The flavors are still being dreamed about to this day and I have yet to have another place match this dish. It was served with a large salad which was also tasty but nothing compared to the chicken I can't get out of my head!

I sat at the bar and the service was top-notch. A good mix of regulars and new people. If ever they bring back my friend chicken dish, I will definitely be planning a trip to eat here again.
A bit disappointed in this place.  The beer selection is really good, I am a beer drinker but really did not find anything I liked on the menu.  

The food was ok but not outstanding. I the spicy brat with kraut and peppers.  No real spice, the kraut was bland and the peppers had little flavor. I would not likely come back to this place if I was back visiting.
Great for family fun and great food and walking distance to shops ! A 10 or of 10 for flavor fun and atmosphere !
Beer, Bags and Music.  Having a 360 degree mister was great.  Even though its in the 100's the patio is nicely shaded and the misters work great!  Pretzels are a must have!
Had the beer and brat taster which paired three delicious brats and beers. The food and beer was excellent, although the service was a little slow. The outdoor patio and ambiance made up for it. Family friendly, it is also a great place for a date. Highly recommend!
Great food! Great beer selection and an awesome atmosphere! This place is grat for the whole family with invest ice and creative options. This was a recommendation from many people and I have to say I would recommend it to anyone coming to the Scottsdale area! It made me happy to see bells on the beer menu!
Second visit!  We couldn't wait to get back here since discovering it on our trip to Scorrsdale last year!  We actually almost ordered the same thing again, since it was so delicious last year.  We started with the in-house made pretzel and cheese dip, and I had a Chimay Cinq Cents and my wife ordered the Wethenstephan hefe since she likes lighter beers.  Both were miraculous to me!  We then followed up with ordering the brat flight, three mini sliders on buns including the Haus brat, topped with sauerkraut, the spicy brat topped with root beer sauteed onions, and the sweet brat topped with spicy red peppers.  Add one of the many choices of mustards in the six pack we had on our table, and you have perfection!  The flight included 4 oz. beers to accompany each slider, and all were perfect pairings.  The bartender Judy had the dining room and bar all to herself and she was friendly, warm and attentive and it was amazing to watch her multi-task.  One again a visit to the Brat Haus was a highlight of our vacation and since we are staying in the area for two weeks once again, we will probably be back next week!  So different and fun with all of the beer and brat choices!  We went early so parking on the street was easy.  (Last year we had a hike going later at night and had to park around the corner illegally 8-})
We were here for a birthday party, so we weren't able to get the full effect, but we loved it enough to go back! Their beer selection is great, although some are a little pricey. Those are the more rare beers that they have, but they do have a great variety of everything. The outside misters are a VERY good idea, I love how they are a 360 degree type, never have seen that before. They have mainly community tables as well, which is awesome if you have a big group. They have a giant Jinga game, as well as bags or cornhole as I have heard it be called. 

Overall a great place to visit, wish we lived closer to Old Town or else we would be there more often!
Good service

Good food

I had a spicy brat and an order of poutine.  Both we good.

I was disappointed with the poutine in that it was not a true brown gravy like I am used to from trips to Canada but it was still good.

The variety of mustards and ketchups they bring to the table are also a nice touch.

I used the YELP coupon for the free Nutella when you purchase a pretzel.  Oh yah!  Very tasty.
Spicy brat, pretzels and fries were great. Vegan black bean burger wasn't so good. Manager took it off the bill though. Great venue and staff.
Empty night in the dead of summer in the backyard. Great for date night as this is what i was dealing with as usual, but in a good way tonight.

1. Giant Jenga
2. fancy Ping Pong table
3. Official 27 foot Cornhole area

4. Waitress service in the back.

Enough to keep most people happy for a few hours. Leave your Id at bar to get cornbags and ping pong stuff. Good times in Old Town.
We took in the World Cup Final here on Sunday with a few friends. 

The beer selection is off the charts. Loved the San Tan Epicenter. We had the Pretzel with Beer Sauce as well, delicious and good to share. Last we had the Haus Brat and the Spicy Brat. Their homemade sauerkraut was off the charts as a topping. 

The game was slow but the people and staff were fun and charming. Certainly a place we will be visiting again and again.

Only drawback is the size of the bar area - a little cramped.
Just finished eating here and man is this place delicious. I ordered the 'Boozer' which is a beer brat served in a pretzel roll and it was incredible, especially for $5 which includes a side and drink. The staff was very friendly and the service was all around great. Will definitely be going back soon.
Went to "The Berliner" last Saturday.  I had seen then holding a sign on Eastern on my way to work.  Having grown up in Germany I was very excited about the prospect of a German restaurant opening so close me.

My wife ordered the Knockout, I ordered the Odd Man Out and we got Minis for our daughter.  The sausages where good but I thought the schnitzel was not hot enough.  It was cooked enough but the temp was just not right.

For side we ordered fries and cucumber salad.  We loved the salad but the fries where nothing spectacular.  

The reason for a three star and not a four star review was the service.  I had the two for one coupon from the website but by default they applied the free item as the lowest price of the three, not the middle item.  I said I thought it should be for the middle item since if I just ordered two that would have been the free one.  They agreed but I think they should have done it that way to begin with.  They also got our order mixed up with another order.

Not sure if we will be back or not.
I read about the Berliner and was intrigued enough to give it a try last night around dinner time. We walked in right behind another group and we all studied the menu together. They were offered samples of anything and everything, sadly we were not. I thought this was a little weird, but since there were only 2 of us we decided to just place an order for what sounded good. I chose the Boozer, mainly because it was served on a pretzel bun. It was good, but had a bit of a sweet flavor, which I found surprising. My husband got the Stinker, which is accompanied by some garlic and onions on top. It was definitely tasty and the superior of the two in my opinion. We got a side of sauerkraut, which I found to be mild and lacking in flavor. We also shared a side of fries, which were crispy, hot, and delicious. I liked that they offer about 5 different kinds of mustard, but I almost wish they were not behind the counter so we could pour them ourselves without having to ask for more. I found the staff to be friendly, but they were all pretty young and you could tell that they were still trying to get the menu and a rhythm down. I was also surprised that they close at 7 and they turned away some customers who arrived a few minutes after 7. It seemed like a mistake for such a new business to be turning away paying customers. Overall, the food is OK, but not amazing or really memorable in any way. I can see some potential growing pains, like consistency popping up in their future. It was very clear from my experience that they were the new business on the block.
German fast food, meet Vegas. 

If bratwurst is a thing that floats your boat, consider your boat floated. Bratwurst is what The Berliner does - and it does it great at a relatively cheap price.

Sausage varieties are plentiful here. Most meaty palates should be able to find something they fancy. From brats drowned in tomato curry sauce, to solid beer brats served in a pretzel roll, The Berliner has got your back.

Sides come separately from the entree, though you can easily make a combo with an order, which comes with side and drink. I highly recommend giving their sauerkraut a try. It's made in-house, with a savory twist that goes great with the brats.

Prices are on point, staff is awesome, and food is definitely worth checking out. It's easy to tell that lots of love has been put into making this place happen. All of which is enough to keep me coming back.
I really wanted to like this place but was kind of disappointed. 

I came here on a Sunday afternoon and arrived during the lunch rush. Let's just say the food wasn't very fast which didn't bother me at all even though this is a fast food place. I placed my order at the counter  for the Knockout and the Odd Man Out. The brat in the Knockout tasted good and had a nice snap. I know that German food isn't the most flavorful but the Knockout is solid. As for the Odd Man Out, the pork cutlet had a light and crispy coating. So far so good right? Well let's just say the cutlet is sliced so thin, the meat to bread ratio is more in favor of the bread. I would have enjoyed it more if there was more pork. The cucumber salad added on the Odd Man Out is nice but it seems there wasn't enough of that either. I'm not rushing to come back but I'd try the Swimmer or the Stinker next.
I recently got into a text war, around midnight, with a chef over this place. He was not so impressed, but I am not one to let others tell me how I should feel about food. In other words, he can shove it. All in all, it was in good humor, but I did enjoy the Berliner. 

A valuable lesson all Yelpers should learn is to check into a business before approaching the counter. I say this because they had a bomb deal going on that day. By finding this establishment on Yelp, my sister and I got a combo meal for $4.99 each. The saving was immense. Normally their entrees are $6-$7, add a side for $2, then a drink for $1.25, and you are spending over $10 for a meal. We don't drink pop, but it was still a better deal to just do it this way and use our cups for water. 

My sister got the Odd Man Out, a schnitzel sandwich served with apple sauce on the side and a cucumber salad on top. Spread some of that apple sauce inside of the sandwich to balance the lemon. I got the Boozer, a brat cooked in beer, served in a pretzel bun with sauerkraut. The potato salad does not use mayo and has a more vinegar based taste to it. I liked the radish slices throughout. The fries are simple, but served to a crispy perfection.
Don't hassle the hoff.... But definitely order the Hasselhoff. Huge & delicious. The fresh potato salad with bacon was outstanding. Would have given 5 stars but you forgot my kraut on my hoff, dude... I will for sure return though. Finally a good spot for a brat!
This place is pretty good (A-OK, I believe yelp would call it). 
We tried the bratwurst, knockwurst, and the pork chop sandwich. All were good, but I liked the knockwurst the best. 
The service was friendly, although not especially quick (it's a counter-order type place).
Where it loses points is the price. It's $10 for a brat combo, but if you want sauerkraut, that counts as your side! The sausage is pretty big and the bread is filling, but for $10, I kinda expected some fries or potato salad or something. 
For their first couple months or so, they have had a Yelp check-in special: any combo for $5. That's an awesome deal, and if they keep it, I will upgrade them to 4 stars for sure.
It's in my neighborhood, so I may be writing a follow-up review in the near future.
I have tried to patronize this restaurant 3 times in the past 2 weeks and it is still closed. There is a sign on the door with no explanation or date of a reopening. Don't waste your gas money driving to this place for the time being,
Amazing place  - great food, beer, service!  I had no idea that this place even existed.  I love cold beer and this place had crisp, cold glasses and good food.    When I bike up in Cave Creek I am stopping here.
This is the best restaurant experience you will ever have. The food, the atmosphere, the service is the best in the West. My husband and I eat here today  We can't get enough of the most delicious entrees and apetizers. We want to thank the owner Stefan, and the staff for making everyone so comfortable from the minute we walk in the door.
I went to Heaven's Kaffee on there soft opening and their limited menu wasn't what I saw on line. They had a smaller version of what they show on their web site but the food was Heaven. So delicious. I had the beef tenderloin roll and my husband had the gyro sandwich(his all time favorite sandwich since I have known him for over 40 years) I told him not to order is because I know they wouldn't make it right. He wanted fries but I said "NO!" Not aloud "Greek salad-dressing, on the side" We were brought: Gyro, Greek salad. kraut cakes, mashed potatoes, purple cabbage(so delicious), beef roll, potato waffle with bacon maple syrup. mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy, and also fries. Paid a little over thirty dollars. Was a great deal. We will defiantly be back.
Food is good and staff are friendly. It has been consistently good and we will be back more often.
I was excited that this place opened, since there's a myriad of Mexican and BBQ places in Cave Creek but nothing with Greek food. I ordered a gyro--not the platter, mind you, but the sandwich. It came with thin fries which were very good. The gyro was pretty good too.  However, I can't see paying $13.00 for this (I've tried every gyro place in the Phoenix area too). If they don't lower their prices, they will go out of business.
On a side note, the decor inside is very nice, but the signage and building need improvement.  The sign is so hard to read, it was difficult to see that it was a restaurant.
We tried this place out while we were visiting my parents in Cave Creek. There were 8 of us and they sat us almost immediately. I had the rouladen which was to die for. It was so good I asked the server if I could have another one just as a side order - no problem at all. My wife had the gyros which see said repeatedly that it was the best gyros she has had.
This place makes you feel at home and it is to comfortable. We stayed there for almost 3 hours.
Thank you Heaven's K!
I heard good things about this place from a friend who stopped in for lunch recently, so after a hike in Cave Creek, my roommate and I were starving and noticed the 25% off first order offer for checking in on yelp and decided to give it a try. Since I had been there before when it was another restaurant, the first thing I noticed was the new decor which is welcoming, comfortable and casual classy. We sat at the bar and were promptly greeted by the bartender. The menu was very interesting. We ordered 4 items to share. The Greek Salad, Gyro Platter, Brat Sliders and Kraut Cakes. Everything was delicious and service was great. I highly recommend the grapefruit infused beer! After lunch the owner came out to say hello and ask how our experience was. He was very pleasant and I wish him luck with his place. We will be back!
Went back for more. The beef rouladen is to die for. I just cant get enough of it. 
They treat us so good over here.
I returned with some friends for lunch. We all thought the food was excellent. The meat lasagna was the best I have ever had anywhere. Not kidding! It tasted like it was fresh baked for me, but I don't know how they could make it in less than fifteen minutes. It arrived fresh and hot. My girlfriends tried it and they loved it as well and wished they had ordered it. They did love their food as well. Greek salad A+++! The service wasn't great but I still give it 5 stars. I know it is a new restaurant and good help is so hard to find. We all agreed to return and tell our friends.
I don't understand all the good reviews.  I too was excited to see an option in Cave Creek that wasn't Mexican, pizza, or bar food.  We ordered the gyro plate and sauerbraten.  Both were "meh" at best, no seasoning and way overpriced.  If the want hot make it here they will need to up the food quality, lower the prices or, ideally both.
Don't let the window paint or a hop, skip ans jump drive to Cave Creek scare you off. This isn't a fly by night place. The white table linens inside set the stage for a elegant, memorable meal.  And let me just tell you, don't leave the building without trying the brat sliders! The wine list is supple. The staff is friendly. Humble, cozy place. The band on a Saturday night, a nice touch. A little loud, but made for something different.  And the menu was different. A little bit of Italian, Greek and German. I wanted for more options but apparently an expanded menu is in the works. And we cannot breakfast Wow! Still, the Cuban sandwich and just my size skinny fries were off the chart! Overall, a surprisingly good, worldly, experience. We are eager to go back and bring friends.
What a disappointment!  Went there for Valentine's Day after someone recommended it as one of her favorite restaurants.  I checked Yelp first saw the mixed reviews, but gave them the benefit of the doubt when I learned Cartrights former chef was now at Heavens Kaffee.  We had reservations and were promptly seated.  The waitress was friendly.  That's about it for all I have good to say.

We waited for about 20 minutes for our food to arrive after placing our order.  They did not bring bread or salads while we waited.  Atmosphere was marginally ok.  White tablecloths and candles could have been cozy and romantic but the bright overhead lights and soft drinks served in cans spoiled the mood.  The food was bland and the presentation was like something you would get in a bad diner.  I had the pork schnitzel.  It was a beige blob of meat and gravy on top of mashed potatoes with red cabbage on the side.  It was bland.  I had to add salt which I rarely do just to give it some flavor.  My friend had the cuban pulled pork sandwich after the waitress said it was one of her favorite items on the menu.  It was mostly bread with hardly any pulled pork in it, and very bland tasting.  He hated it.  He described it as one of the worst meals he had had in recent memory.  There are lots of good restaurants in Cave Creek.  This is not one of them
Service is friendly but slow. Understaffed...food was okay but pretty bland. Cheesecake was awful. We will not be back.
It was so-so. Pros - pork schnitzel was very good, decor was charming. Cons - they forgot our appetizer, the potatoes were bland and they left us stranded waiting for the check for 15 mins (they did comp us dessert for forgetting our app). Was not that impressed.
I had to yelp this place before trying it. From the sign and exterior, I guessed it was a biker bar or something. Don't let the ugly exterior (it's not really their fault, there isn't much you can do with it) turn you off. The interior is MUCH better than the outside. 

The food was good! I had the Italian sandwich, hubby had the cuban sandwich, and kiddo had a burger. The fries are a little weird...itty, bitty, shoe string. Leaves you confused as to how to eat them, hands or fork? Tiramisu was really good. I'd like to think that I'll branch out and try something else next time. But, I'll probably order the same thing. Yum!
We are so happy to have a German restaurant so close to home now. Our first visit was during their first week after opening. The waiter was very friendly and helped offer suggestions from the menu. They have German beer and wine selections available that both of us enjoyed. My wife ordered the schnitzel with mushroom sauce and I ordered the sauerbraten. Both were prepared quickly and we enjoyed every bite. This will definitely be a do-over for us so we can try more of the menu.
Great German food here. Nice selection of beers. The waiter was very informative and answered all of our questions. We tried the Vienna Style Schnitzel and the Pretzel Dumplings with Mushroom Sauce. Both were delicious! We especially enjoyed the fried potatoes with the schnitzel. The apple strudel was great for dessert. One suggestion is to have suggested beer pairings with the entrees.
I love this place! I've been here three times during lunch. They give you just the right amount of portions. I've tried the Brat, schnitzel and curry wurst and I loved them. I also want to take they're pot of soup home with me because it takes so great:!!!