My husband and I eat here pretty regularly. Is "traditional" Hawaiian boxed lunch fare healthy? Not so much. Spam is on the menu, people!Think grilled or fried chicken, fish, or beef, sticky white rice, and the most delicious macaroni salad ever. I've not cared for the appetizers, frankly, but we have only tried the Spam musubi and the Crab "Langoons". We really like the BBQ chicken and especially the chicken katsu (breaded chicken cutlets cut into strips- dip into the fabulous zingy katsu sauce). They also have soups, burgers, and salads. The portions are quite large for a "regular" meal. I always make 2 meals out of it, but Hubby can usually finish his. Aloha Kitchen does a few things better (and also has great Kahlua pig on Saturdays which Ono never has), but for a quick and filling out of the ordinary weekday dinner, Ono hits the spot.
I've eaten here since they opened and have never had a bad meal.  The chicken katsu is always hot.  The spam musubi is good here though nothing special.

The regular size menu items are large enough for 2 sensible meals.  
I love the fact that their more popular meals are available in "mini-meal" versions that give you just the right amount of food.
Mmmm. Yummy Hawaiian Food!!! Just like in Hawaii. One of my favorites is the Crispy Shrimp. Another is the Seafood Mix, another is the Hamburger Steak. Well you get the idea. I have never had a bad meal here. The plate lunches come with Rice and Macaroni Salad and Veggies. The Macaroni Salad is yummy too. They also have mini meals, family meals that serve 4 and do Catering. it's worth the drive.
ONO doesn't begin to cover how amazing this food is!

i grew up in Hawaii and, although NOTHING will ever stand up to the food on the island, this place comes pretty damn close as far as "plate lunch" goes.  

the chicken katsu is good, the spam musubi (awesome snack when you're out surfing for the day...a personal fave) is wonderfully delicious...i LOVE the sauce they put under the spam...i'm thinking it's the katsu sauce, but i could be wrong.  my fave tho is the island curry chicken.  it has a kick, but it's freakin AWESOME!  the macaroni salad is to die for...my advice, if you're feeling naughty, skip the rice and ask for two scoops of the macaroni salad...totally worth the calories.

oh, more advice.  go for the mini meal.  it might sound small, but it is the PERFECT size!  just enough to fill you up!

mahalo to whatever lolo brought this grub out to all the haoles in phx!
My BIL introduced his haoles side of the family to this place. For years it was "plate lunch" this and "plate lunch" that, so I was more than happy to finally have a reference for all the SPAM based conversations.

Ono is friendly, crisp, and clean. They serve a mean Hawaiian BBQ Mix
(BBQ Chicken, BBQ Beef & Kalbi Short Ribs) and Chicken Katsu (a breaded fillet served with... duh Katsu sauce). The soups are tasty and the macaroni salad that everyone references definately lives up to its reputation. Portions are large, so unless you want to take food home, get one of the mini-meals. It can get a little busy at lunch time, but service is amazingly quick.

The BIL swears this is the best plate lunch he has found off the island and goes to his happy place with each visit. If you are looking for a different kind of barbeque, try Ono on for size and you too can be hanging ten in no time flat.
It's ok.. nothing to compare to the real deal of Hawaiian BBQ, i rather go the exrta miles to head up to Happy Valley to L&L. Chicken Katsu is what we order but other than that if you want good hawaiian food, hit me up :)
I really like the Katsu Chicken, I have ordered almost everything on the menu here, its that kind of place.  yet I really think the Katsu here is the best.  Large potions and they have authentic drinks.  don't forget to get some Ono Hawaiian sauce that is to the left of the counter.  

Happy eating,
Kevin
It's fast food. I get the curry, and it's ok, but most of the other dishes have meat that is fatty and greasy. One awesome thing is that they have small meals. I don't need 2 lbs of food, so I'm glad for a lower priced smaller option.
YAY! They have SPAM!!!!!

I was going to go for Meat Plate #4 but when I saw the Grilled Spam with Eggs, I was in love. I don't care what you Spam-haters have to say. I'm Asian through and through and will stick to my Spam. Mmmm.. sooo salty and meat-like. 

It was just what I expected, Spam, fried eggs and rice with some macaroni salad. It was good. Reminded me of the days when my parents didn't cook and we would fry up some Spam to eat with white rice and soy sauce. 

My friends were kinda 'eh' about their dishes. It also took a long time for the food to come out for them too.

One cool thing about this place was that the Phoenix Fire Department eats here.... so hot! Too bad I was busy stuffing my face with Spam and eggs. That was probably not hot.
Went for lunch and got the mini-meal... Loved it!  Just enough food and tasty too!  Love the BBQ chicken!!!
Huge portions! One regular order lasts me three meals.

I'll be coming back here to fulfill my bbq cravings.
I really like Onos, the food is great. When I went to Hawaii, I had some food at L&L, it was very similar. I'm a fan for sure. I love Hawaiian food!
Unfortunately, I didn't get to taste the food, as the overwhelming smell of sewage forced me to leave before I could order. We instead went next door to "On the Grill"
As long as you go in not expecting authentic Hawaiian food, you shouldn't be too disappointed. The menu has changed a couple times in recent years (no garlic shrimp just fried shrimp, no French fries, optional Asian salad) but the mac salad has remained the same. There isn't much to choose from for the non-meat eater. The fried shrimp is too oily for my taste.
This is a solid place for those seeking Hawaiian food since it's not a very common type of food found in this area that I have seen.  I tend to favor the Chicken katsu which is served with boiled cabbage, steamed white rice, and macaroni salad.  

Other items on the menu to take note of would be the Moco Loco and Spam Moco which are also common foods amongst the locals in Hawaii.  If you seek a quick place for some Hawaiian type comfort food this restaurant is pretty good.  With generous portions and plenty of seating, my friend and I tend to go here when we're looking to have a late lunch on the weekends.
Been to two of the locations and this one was not as good. The food nor the building measured up to my first visit to a Scottsdale location, which madr me a fan. 

Here I had to send my chicken katsu back because it was cooked so hard that it was not enjoyable and not eatable.  The Macaroni salad here isn't as creamy and good as it is at the other location I've gone to.  And the cabbage comes cooked on this plate at this location.

The restaurant is bigger  here but the place isn't kept as cool as it needs to be to dine in comfort on a hot day.  Then there's an awful overpowering smell of water damaged ceilings/walls that just made me think this location wasn't clean.
I been to this place twice as well as once at another location.  At this particular location the food is pretty good for lunch but the staff does not seem to be in any hurry.  When I go to the trouble to dive over to this place during a 1 hour lunch break, I really don't like waiting 15 minutes for what is more or less fast food.  The last time I was there I was kept waiting so long that I finally asked for a refund and left.  You'd think that if your chicken combo (first item on the list) is going to take more than 20 minutes to prepare that they might inform me of it, but instead they just left me standing there.  That won't happen again.
My favorite is the chicken katsu. Just like back home with one scoop rice and authentic mac salad. The cooks and servers are always friendly and the food only takes as long to be made to order. Great portions alway have one order for lunch and dinner.
It reminds me of Hawaii, I just wish they would get kim chi.
Please do not eat here and expect to get a real "plate lunch" like in Hawaii. The food is pretty good for a fast rice bowl type of restaurant. You get quite a bit of food for the money and it seems to be pretty fresh. The flavors are still lacking though...plus their macaroni salad isn't like in Hawaii...and it has way too much mayo. Overall, I wouldn't expect anything special, but if you're hungry for some sticky rice and teri sauce, you're on your lunch and want something casual this place will fill you up.
I ordered the chicken combo (katsu and Hawaiian BBQ chicken).

The BBQ chicken has a pretty good flavor to it, but it was a little greasy for my taste - I think it might have been better with white meat instead of dark.  The katsu chicken wasn't bad, but nothing spectacular.  The rice was a little boring.

This was good enough that I'm not sorry I went, but I don't think it's enough to get me back.  Maybe if the price dropped a buck or two.
I had take out brought to me from this place today, so I can't speak for the inside of the store, but the food was very good.  For those of you that remember the Ma'i Island Grill in Tempe, this place is the closest I have encountered to the Ma'i Island perfection of Hawaiian BBQ.

I had the standard BBQ chicken this time, and next time I will be trying the Katsu.

The macaroni salad and white rice were excellent -- the rice was sticky and the macaroni salad sweet and delicious.

If you haven't been able to find good Hawaiian BBQ in Phoenix yet, this may be the place for you.  The portions were good, and the price reasonable.

I like it!  And it turns out it is right down the street from my house!
I enjoy this place but I wish they still had my favorite dissh...I liked the island fire chicken rice bowl or the combo.  I also like the Hawaiian BBQ chicken combo with exrta veggies and extra rice with no macaroni salad.  Everyone I know loves the macaroni salad, but I have never liked any type of macaroni salad at all!  Their sauce that goes on the chicken is pretty good.  The price is decent and you get a good amount of food.  Whenever I get a combo I always have leftovers and I have it for the next day or for dinner.  This place is good for a quick bite!
Good plate lunch. You can't go wrong if you order spam musubi, chicken katsu, BBQ chicken or BBQ beef.

Reasonable price and delicious food.
Did a late dinner run last night just before closing. Been to several of this chains locations in California which means I generally like the Hawaiian food fixes that they serve up. Ordered kalbi ribs and they gave me the ribs but no meat attached!  When I questioned them about it they acted offended however the manager finally came by and provided me with a few more bones. Rice was dry and hard from sitting for awhile. Definitely not Ono!
We first went to the Avondale location many years ago and the food was great. I worked on 16th Street & Indian School at the time so the Thomas location made sense to stop in for dinner after work. We have also dined at the Scottsdale location & all three are great!!  The food is always fresh, the macaroni salad is great & it comes on a bed of steamed cabbage. The Chicken Katsu is delicious, tender & juicy on the inside & crunchy on the outside. We also love that the portion sizes are large enough to share with our kids not having to order additional meals.  Love Ono & always stop when in the area!
Definitely hits the spot when I'm craving some korean food.  The meat is never dry, comes on a bed of cabbage and a scoop of rice and macaroni salad.  A great spot for an asian type lunch with big portions and quick service.
I crave Ono from time to time.  I wish it was closer to my apartment.  I still swing by for some Chicken Katsu whenever I get the chance, because it is tasty and delicious and katsu sauce is addictive.  My boyfriend is more adventurous than me, and he literally always is in the mood to go here.  He especially enjoys the spare ribs, bbq combo, and the spam musubi.  We both love the macaroni salad...  I get why someone said there was too much mayo, and I guess by some standards it's a little plain, but that's what I like about it.  People who say the rice is boring are obviously right, but they're forgetting to put soy sauce or katsu sauce or whatever they want on it.  It's plain white rice, guys, what do you think it's going to taste like?  

They also have these super tasty canned Hawaiian beverages at the counter that we both highly recommend.  

Oh, and if you have a smaller appetite, definitely go for the smaller plate option.  My eyes tend to be larger than my stomach and I can never finish the full-sized katsu plate, but the smaller one is just right (actually still a little more than I can eat, usually) and it's only about $5.  Awesome.
This place is home to some fantastic food which gives you a false pretense that if this chain has such great bbq beef if you go to Hawaii it has to be insanely good. After spending 6 days on Oahu and sampling various degrees of dining places, I can tell you you are way better off going here rather than trying the native "kobe" steak for however much an ounce.

 The beef is amazingly tasty the macaroni salad with a dash of tuna is the best I personally have tried. The white rice compliments the saucy meat and I even eat the cabbage at the bottom of the tray. The portions are huge and if you don't want to feel like your a disgusting lush afterward, I would recommend the mini-meal versions.

Service: 4/5 They are always pleasant but sometimes to food takes a while, most times it doesn't.

Ambiance: 2/5 its like a panda express or any other fast food chain so I usually pickup.

food:
bbq beef 4/5
bbq chicken 4/5
katsu 3/5
macaroni salad 4/5
spam 2/5 just not too good and I do like spam.
Ono is Ono...I would have given 5 stars but "as good as it gets" is backyard/beach luau on the Islands.  For those of you that don't know Ono has many meanings, it can describe a delicious dish (that teriyaki plate was Ono) or your wanting of something (I am Ono for a beer right now).  My first experience of Ono was living on the west side driving back to CA and I saw it off of Dysart road next to my bank.  I went in and got just what I wanted for the trip to CA, a couple of spam musubi.

Now living in Phoenix I am glad to know that Ono is a hop and a skip away.  I have been there multiple times but am lazy on reviews.  If you are looking for a different lunch, or easy dinner, then you are in for a treat.  Plate lunch is what we call it, but plate dinner, or leftovers, works as well.

I would recommend to start off with the BBQ Plate Combo, it has a piece of teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef, and a korean kalbi style short rib.  To top it off traditional plate lunch is also served with mac salad, a scoop of rice (sometimes two) and Ono likes to put some steamed cabbage on the bottom of the meat.  Get a side of Rooster Sauce (Sriracha) to dip your meat or rice in and you will look up with a smile.  My favorite is the Spam Musubi, a piece of spam, rice and sauce, wrapped in seaweed.  Different Ono's have different items, but plate lunch is a staple at all.

If you are a light eater you may want to split any plate lunch combo.  If you think you can do it and can't then score, you have dinner or a snack later.  Either way you will be happy.  I only wish they had brew to wash it down with, but good thing about plate lunch is it is just as good when you get it home as when it was put in the box.  Writing this made me Ono for Ono, mmmm.
Well, I tried a couple different Hawaiian restaurants while in Phoenix for my visit.
Being that I lived in Hawaii and married into a local family, I think I'm a pretty good judge of what Hawaiian food should taste like. Ono's surpassed the other places by far. In fact I'm not gonna even gonna write a review on the others.  The Chicken Katsu is a "must try"  By far the best in this city.  
The only reason they don't get 5 stars is the Katsu sauce is a bit watery for me, and it not like they make it in Hawaii.
And their Mac Salad is the best in Phoenix..  Nuff said!!

They get a 4
I love their kalua pork and the macaroni salad. I am a big fan of this place and I will definitely keep coming back here!
BBQ mix is great and is a lot of food
I went to this place to use a Groupon and because I miss the food from Hawaii (well..some of it anyway). The food here was pretty typical of a fast food place, not very fresh and the meat was very poor quality and fatty. I got the curry chicken and the BF got the bbq beef. They were pretty meh. I also have tried the veggie noodle soup which was probably the best thing I have had here. It was not 'good' but it was better for sure. I probably wouldn't go back.
Overpriced Hawaiian food
I haven't run across authentic Hawaiian food in the Valley until coming to Ono Hawaiian BBQ.  Unlike most Hawaiian BBQ places that give you a ton of food, I like this place because you can order a mini option and get the right amount of food that I need.  Everything here is really fresh and yummy.
I love ono! At first I had the thought that this place charges way too much for a plate, then I saw the portions. We ordered the Chicken Katsu meal and the Short ribs meal and it was enormous! The chicken was so crispy and went very well with the mountain of macaroni salad and rice (not to mention a bunch of katsu sauce). The short ribs were also delicious! They gave a generous amount and the marinade they used was perfect. We had so much left over I had it for another meal! I had recently gone to an expensive Korean BBQ restaurant that had "premium Angus short ribs" and I wish I had just gone to Ono instead! Haven't tried their spam musubi but I plan to in the near future!
I've only been to a Hawaiian BBQ place once. In Clearwater, FL. The place went out of business and I never had Hawaiian BBQ again. *cue sad music*

This was truly unfortunate because I really liked it. But now *cue the happy music* I've found Ono Hawaiian BBQ!

The service was a little slow but friendly. The service didn't matter anyway as long as the food was on point... and it was. 

I got the Braised Short Ribs lunch plate. It's a special that they're running only until the end of this week, I think. It was only $7.49 and fall off the bone good. It was a braised short rib with carrots served on cabbage. It also came with rice and macaroni salad. This meal made my day.

They sell Hawaiian Sun canned juices ($1.89). I got the Pineapple Orange. I'm not sure how well it paired with my food but it was refreshing on this hot day. 

I can't wait to try their Spam musubi... Aloha Ono Hawaiian BBQ, I'll see you again soon.
So we went here a few nights ago and at first it was looking like a good experience. 
We ordered and then went to get some sauce the sauce was empty.
The lady  taking orders was rude when I told her and then about 15 minutes later someone else told her and again she was rude. 
Finally after someone took the bin out and put it in front of her did she fill it. 
Our food was ok not like the ones we have eaten in California and the didn't give us our whole order they did leave out some items.
Overall it was and ok experience!
I like to pop in here for a quick lunch with my husband sometimes. I always get the BBQ Chicken and Katsu combo. Pretty good! The macaroni salad... honestly they should seriously consider packaging that stuff and just selling it by the pint. Id buy it! The only reason I wouldnt rate this place any higher is the services is always mediocre. They often dont have the side stuff stocked (forks, sauces, straws, etc) and more then once I have notified them of something out and the people behind the counter have acted like Im soooooo putting them out for even suggesting they stock forks. Pretty annoying- but that macaroni salad....it makes up for it. Usually. And they give you so much food for what you pay.
I love this place. I've been going here for a couple years now and it never disappoints. 

The seafood Mix is my go to but pretty much all the combos are good. The spam masubi is a must and the macaroni is my favorite part of each combo.
I ate lunch here about a month ago. The food was good. Nothing to write home about, though. The order clerks were not very friendly. It was like pulling teeth to ask them any questions about the menu or to request extra condiments.
Great food I love the BBQ chicken & chicken katsu combo. I just don't recommend if in a rush the wait can be upto thirty minutes sometimes that's the only bummer I know of.
I Had lunch here a couple of days ago. I ordered the combo plate that had 3 different types of meat, macaroni salad and white rice. The food was pretty good, nothing too exciting though. The soda machine was not dispensing right- they needed to add the syrup. I got tea instead because I didn't feel like waiting for the counter girl to fix it and there were other people in line. The restaurant was pretty dirty. The place definitely could use a good deep clean...
Always a good place to eat....always reminds me of back home in tje South Bay.....love the Mac salad.....Yummy!!! Al the meat is juicy n tender.....just love it......I add some Sriracha and it takes it to a differnt level....just outstanding! !! One thing I didnt like I didnt see my Kalib ribs...no bueno.
When you are in the mood for some light food, that is very flavor filled. Then Ono is the place. Teresa showed me this place, other wise I would of never known.
It is tucked away in a shopping center on Thomas.
Busy place and now that I have been here a few times, I have to say it is always good. I like it to go though, because, it is always so busy and so much noise. 
I just feel better taking it home.
The Macoroni Salad is really good. It is great food to take on a picnic or an outing.
The food is very fresh as well. Probaly because, they do such a great business nothing has time to get old. It is worth the time to check this place out, Bra!
Their portions are very generous  f all their food was very flavorful even before adding their sauces. Their cabbage which is a filler was not seasoned . We do like the sauces also their chicken was chopped into very small pieces maybe over cooked
I go to this location fairly regularly and have never had a problem. Store is clean, employees are friendly, food is consistent. What more could I ask for? 

Until tonight. I get my order to go, the crispy shrimp plate. The girl working the register was really nice, and I was in and out quickly.

I finally get home and open my container. THE END of my good, reliable Ono experience. My shrimp are blackish/greenish/brownish...plainly, not something I am even going to take a bite of. (Gross!!!)

The store was about to close and I wasn't going to be able to drive back in time, so I called the store feeling like I should give them a heads up. I don't know if these things could make a person sick or not. (I do know I won't be the one finding out.) 

The girl that answers tells me, "Yeah, that's how they've been turning out."  Well, gee, that's great. Thanks for selling me something you KNOW is sub-par and far from edible. 

I guess I'll be going to Pete's the next time I want some fried shrimp, and that's a shame. I really like Ono's mac salad and the katsu sauce with the shrimp.

To anyone else thinking about eating here -

Maybe you should check your order before you leave. I'm sure this was a fluke and hopefully will be fixed soon, but I know how much I hate wasting money. And being hungry.
Good quick taste of Hawaii in AZ!

I first ate at an O'no while on vacation in Hawaii, and was pleased to discover that they have expanded to the "Mainland"!

Be sure to try classics like Kalua pork and the Musubi's. And remember that no Hawaiian meal is complete without the macaroni salad and scope of rice.
Got take out. I have never had Hawaiian food, so I don't have anything to compare it to. I ordered the chicken combo which had the chicken katsu and hawaiian BBQ chicken. I've had better katsu at Korean and Japanese restaurants, but it was not terrible. The marinade on the BBQ chicken was decent but quality of chicken wasn't impressive. It came with rice and macaroni salad (which was good but again nothing special). Overall a decent meal for a cheap price but nothing that stood out.
I love Hawaiian food, and this place is not so "Ono".  I asked the girl at the counter if the sauce for the chicken katsu was in the bag, yes she says, well you know the answer to that.  I get back to my hotel and the chicken is soggy, rice is cold, mac salad is hot (it was a 5 minute drive).  The spam musubi tasted weird not like the stuff you get from 7-11 on the Big Island.  Sorry, but I cannot rate this place good when I have had so much beter here on the mainland.
I'm somewhere between 3 and 4 stars. This place has pretty good food. I like that they have kalua pork, which other Hawaiian places don't have. I also like that I don't HAVE to have the macaroni salad, but I don't like the fact that sometime things are over salted. Their rice is always perfect and leaves me wanting more than two scoops.This place does satisfy cravings I have for good rice plates, and they also have a pretty diverse menu. 

They also have luau's once a month that's $10 for all you can eat food and drink with music. I haven't been, but am thinking about checking it out...
Love it!
Great place when you're in the mood for something different.
It just has a different taste that you don't find everywhere else. I walk out after any different type of meal there and feel like I had a Lite meal, even though I had the beef plate.
Recommend the Hawaiian salad. Love the pineapple and strawberry garnish at the end.

Great atmosphere. 
Mahalo!!!
For being a fast Hawaiian food joint Mokis is great! Way better than the Ono Hawaiian grill places. The food at Mokis is fresh and tastey. I always get the BBQ chicken and love it. The macaroni salad is good and I usually dont like macaroni salad. Mokis is affordable and in a quiet location. The staff has always been nice and helpful.
Solid Polynesian fare that will leave you full and singing Don Ho.   The Kahlua pork is the reason to get you in the door but there are several other items that make a good meal.
I found myself in Mesa of all places yesterday around noon.  I checked Yelp and decided to try Moki's.

The decor is obviously Hawaiian style and the ladies who work here are very nice.

I decided to have the Kalua pork plate lunch.  It comes with two scoops of rice and I ordered the macaroni side.

The portions are very generous and the pork was very tasty.

My only complaint is the iced tea.  It's some kind of sweetened Nestea and not fresh brewed.  I'd recommend that they get something like China Mist and then let people sweeten it themselves if they like it that way.

I'm glad I tried Moki's and will surely stop in again the next time I'm in the area.
I've been going to Moki's for about a year, always for lunch.  The portions are generous, and seemed to be cooked to order.  The grilled Mahi Mahi is awesome, as is their spinach salad.  The staff is always friendly, even to us Haoles!  j/k.  Great staff and very good food.
I discovered Mokis about 3 years ago when I first moved in to the area around it.  My roommate and I have a bad habit of always ordering a majority of the menu when we first try a new restaurant.  I had gone in about 30 minutes before they closed for the day and ordered like 12 of their dishes (can't remember which ones right now) and they didn't complain in the least that it would mean they would be open longer than they should be.  They constantly asked if I was ok or needed anything to drink.  All the food was cooked to perfection and I loved every dish.  They even gave us a couple extra items because they were going to have to throw them away anyways.  I would definitely recommend eating at this restaurant if you are looking for something out of the ordinary for Arizona cuisine.
Great food and very nice staff! We had the kahlua pork and teriyaki chicken both were extemely good. The rice here is very Tasty aswell my only complaint was the macaroni salad was a bit dry and didn't taste that good. I might have just had it on a off day as ive heard from others that it's normally awesome.
Fast, friendly service with good plate dishes.  I was excited to see they had lau lau, which I had always heard about from people that lived in Hawaii, but had never tried before.  Since I've never had lau lau before, I can't really speak to how authentic it is, but it was pretty good in my opinion.  The taro leaf it was wrapped in tasted a bit briny, and like seaweed, which tasted a bit weird to me, but it did remind me of eating something from the islands.  The pork inside though was delicious- slow cooked, full of flavor.  The lau lau also comes with a side salad, and a side of meat, which makes for a very filling and satisfying meal.  I chose the Hawaiian salad, which was kind of like the Hawaiian version of vinegar-based coleslaw.  It was a nice mix of tangy and crunchy.  I chose the kalua pork, which was excellent.  It was slow roasted and tender, with a nice smokey, salty flavor.  I also tried some katsu chicken, which was very nice and crispy, and came in a tangy dipping sauce.  If I'm ever in the area, this is the place to stop and grab a tasty Hawaiian style plate.
Having lived in Hawaii for over 5 years, I constantly have a craving for Hawaiian food. Moki's reminds me of little local restaurants in Hawaii. When I walk in I feel like I'm back in the islands. The atmosphere is very local style and the people are totally laid back. The decor has a do-it-yourself feel that IS local kine. 

I've tried every Hawaiian restaurant in the Valley and this is by far my favorite. I go back often and highly recommend Moki's to anyone looking for some great Hawaiian eats!
I hate to do this to Moki's since they've gotten such good reviews ahead of me, but I have to. First off, let me admit; this is my first time eating Hawaiian food, so maybe it's just not my cup of tea. BUT, this food was horrid.

Moki's is in the shopping center right next to where I work and I had seen it many times and it never looked busy so I thought, "meh, must not be very good.". I came to Yelp today to see what people thought and was surprised by all of the great reviews! And since I was craving a teriyaki rice bowl-type lunch, I decided to give this place a shot. I called in ahead and ordered the combo plate with teriyaki beef and the Kalua pork, both of which came recommended by previous reviewers. I ordered it with brown rice (my attempt at being health conscious) and the pasta salad. I was quoted 10 minutes and arrived right about then. The interior is just like any other strip mall restaurant. The girl working there was very nice. I got my food, paid and left... really excited for the delicious food I was about to partake in!

When I got back in my car I noticed a smell. The smell was quite honestly, repulsive. It smelled like a body rotting in a a months worth of garbage. I'm not even lying. It wasn't super strong since the food was in a box and the box in a bag, but it was bad enough to make me question whether or not I would be able to eat it. I got back to work, sat down in the breakroom and opened up my meal. Meh. It didn't really look very good. I first tasted the pasta salad and it was really lackluster. It didn't have much flavor at all, it just tasted like plain pasta and potatoes with a little (very little) mayo mixed in. Next I tried the Kalua pork. It was tender, no doubt about that, but completely flavorless. I kept wondering if maybe there was supposed to be a sauce on it that was forgotten. I could see spices but couldn't taste anything. Then I moved on to the teriyaki beef. At first glance I could see that it was dry. It tasted dry and again, had very little flavor. The brown rice was sitting in a pool of water, but at least it tasted like brown rice. I think the tastiest thing on the plate was the pineapple wedge. I ate one piece of the beef and a couple of bites of the pork and salad and rice and threw the meal away. What a waste of almost $10. I was anything BUT impressed. Oh and remember the smell I mentioned? A co-worker came in the breakroom shortly after I threw the food away and immediately plugged her nose in disgust and said "something smells horrible back here". I just kind of giggled and began to open my mouth when another co-worker said "oh there was rotten brocolli that got thrown away earlier". I just left it at that. I didn't want to admit that I had just eaten food that smelled like rotten brocolli mixed with death and garbage.

Never again would I eat at Moki's.
The food was absolutely awful.  

When I entered this restaurant I noticed the temperature on one thermostat said 85 degrees and the 2nd thermostat said 90 degrees.  I wish this was the only problem with the restaurant but I was about to be even more disgusted.  I ordered the grilled salmon while another person in my party ordered a chicken dish.  After waiting about 10 minutes, they served us our dishes.  The salmon tasted absolutely awful.  It was very bland and looked even worse.  I asked the cashier if the salmon was frozen in which she admitted it was frozen and they thaw it before cooking it.  It tasted absolutely awful.  The cashier later refunded my order.  It went from bad to worse.  The chicken was hard as a rock.  It was absolutely disgusting.  It was very difficult dry and almost impossible to cut with a fork. 
I can tell the chef was very unhappy with my comments because I overheard him refer to me as "piece of shit."   The chef actually followed me out to my car and was disgusted with my comments.  I told him the chicken was dry and awful.  He responded by saying "I wish you ate somewhere else" followed by "please do not come back." 
I later contacted the store in Utah to discuss my complaints with the restaurant.  I told the owner this store has some great potential but if you are going to serve that "garbage" then save yourself some time and put a "out of business" sign on the door.  He greatly appreciated my feedback and offered a gift card to me and my family.  I responded, I do not want to eat that shit again which he said he will be looking into the problem first thing the next morning.  
Overall, I would not feed the food here to my dog.  It was just disgusting. 

The only thing that is good about this restaurant is that there is a Jack in the Box in the same parking lot so you can grab something to eat after this restaurant lets you down.
First thing - I felt compelled to write a review because the Android and Ipad app both state that Mokis is closed. If you are doing a mobile Yelp for this place, it is most defiantly open.

Second, I decided to give them a try for an early Friday dinner, about 5 in the evening. There were a few people dining in the restaurant, and quite a few people on staff for the evening. The dining room is pretty well decorated, more so than I thought it would be, giving a faux Hawaiian feel to it. Seeing some people there at that time gave me hope for a good meal.

I asked the lady manning the counter what was good, and she took a bit of time to walk me through the menu. Emphasizing the plate lunches, I decided to try the Combo that would get me the most variety. I elected for terriyaki beef and kalua pork. I took the side of the 'potato mac' and got my meal to go.

Arriving home, my meal sat for about 5 minutes before I had it unboxed and ready to enjoy. Considering that fact, everything was in pretty good condition. The potato mac was a bit more room temperature than cold, but that was my own doing. The rice stayed warm, the pork moist and really flavorful, and the beef sweet and tender.

Having dined at a few places offering plate lunches in the past, the potato mac was probably what sold me as much as the meats on why I'll return. Potato mac's tend to have a pretty flat flavor, and when I find out how Hawaiian's garnish them, I will be excited to get some more flavor in them. But it was just the right amount of dry ... I've had many potato mac's that are just too wet, but this felt about perfect.

I'll give the fish dishes a try in the future and report on those. But I really enjoyed what I experienced and well give it a second (and probably more) pass.
The food was absolutely awful.  

When I entered this restaurant I noticed the temperature on one thermostat said 85 degrees and the 2nd thermostat said 90 degrees.  I wish this was the only problem with the restaurant but I was about to be even more disgusted.  I ordered the grilled salmon while another person in my party ordered a chicken dish.  After waiting about 10 minutes, they served us our dishes.  The salmon tasted absolutely awful.  It was very bland and looked even worse.  I asked the cashier if the salmon was frozen in which she admitted it was frozen and they thaw it before cooking it.  It tasted absolutely awful.  The cashier later refunded my order.  It went from bad to worse.  The chicken was hard as a rock.  It was absolutely disgusting.  It was very difficult dry and almost impossible to cut with a fork. 
I can tell the chef was very unhappy with my comments because I overheard him refer to me as "piece of shit."   The chef actually followed me out to my car and was disgusted with my comments.  I told him the chicken was dry and awful.  He responded by saying "I wish you ate somewhere else" followed by "please do not come back." 
I later contacted the store in Utah to discuss my complaints with the restaurant.  I told the owner this store has some great potential but if you are going to serve that "garbage" then save yourself some time and put a "out of business" sign on the door.  He greatly appreciated my feedback and offered a gift card to me and my family.  I responded, I do not want to eat that shit again which he said he will be looking into the problem first thing the next morning.  
Overall, I would not feed the food here to my dog.  It was just disgusting. 

The only thing that is good about this restaurant is that there is a Jack in the Box in the same parking lot so you can grab something to eat after this restaurant lets you down.
We had dinner last night at Moki's, which is very much open. It was soooo delicious! I had the Ohana platter with bbq salmon, teriyaki chicken and breaded shrimp with rice and potato mac salad and my husband had Loco Moco with sirloin patty, 2 eggs and gravy over rice with potato mac salad. It was all wonderful and nothing was left when we were done!!!
We will definitely be coming back. For dessert we tried Grandma's Chocolate cake with coconut ice cream. It was heavenly...homemade, even the ice cream! We brought an Ohana platter to go to our daughter and she wolfed it down! My husband got the Spam sushi to go too and loved it. Everything fresh and homemade is why we will be coming back!!! The bonus is the service with Aloha and Mahalo!!!
we went all the way up to phoenix from tucson for the day and to my dismay, L&L hawaiian bbq had closed its doors for business just a couple weeks ago.

i had my heart set on eating some hawaiian food before heading back to tucson, and yelp recommended this place.

we walked in and the place pretty much looked like it could have been an L&L. it was clean and neat.

the chick behind the counter was haole (white) but was pretty friendly. i didn't have to look at the menu much because i pretty much knew what i wanted!! bbq chicken!!

the husband ordered the chicken katsu, which was nice and crisp, but the 'katsu' sauce was something like 1000 island dressing. a bit weird. when the lady dropped off my bbq chicken at the table, it was actually mainland style bbq chicken. like.... bbq sauce, bbq chicken. ooooh what a disappointment. i definitely wasn't satisfied, so i walked back to the counter to ask why it was what it was. 

my bad for not reading the menu. what i really wanted was teriyaki (bbq) chicken. back home in hawaii, when you walk into a plate lunch joint and ask for bbq chicken, teriyaki bbq chicken is what you get. the lady that brought out our food could see that i was pretty bummed about my selection and gave me three pieces of teriyaki bbq chicken. oooooohhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmyyyyyyyyyyygggggggooooooosssssshhhhh sooo ono (delicious)!!!! so delicious, in fact, that i ordered an extra plate to take back to tucson with me.

the food was okay over all, but i think that for calling themselves a hawaiian grill they should get with the lingo of the islands and call food by their proper names.

i might consider going back to moki's if i'm ever out in phoenix again.
Moki's is a personal favorite of mine. The food is always pretty good. My wife and I usually get the teriyaki chicken and chicken katsu combo plate with rice and spinach salad. The salad is great and the rest is always pretty good. This place is low key and relaxed. Plus, it's full of superstars. Went there one time and i saw Deuce Lutui and Anquan Boldin.
There's a decent amout of Hawaiian food options to choose from in the valley, but Moki's is my personal favorite.  They used to have a second location, but it closed, which sucks because it was right by my house, bigger, and more decorative.  This location is still good, but doesn't have the same atmosphere.  Luckily, the food is just the same and still really good.  
I am a creature of habit, and therefore have only ever tried the chicken katsu, brown rice and Hawaiian salad, but there's a reason I never try anything new here.  They taste really good!  And, the thing that gets me to drive all the way to this Moki's instead of going to Aloha Kitchen, which is basically down the street from my house, is that they use white meat for their katsu, which is not the case at AK or Ono's.  I am not a dark meat fan, so this is a big deal to me.  
The food takes a little bit to come out, but that's because it seems to be made to order, so I don't mind a few extra minutes.  If you're in the mood for dessert, the grandma's chocolate cake is really rich and delicious.  And, if you are looking for some fun Hawaiian culture, go in on one of the Friday nights that they have a luau.
Horrible.  I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken with macaroni salad.

Rice - overcooked
Teriyaki Chicken - cold
Macaroni Salad - dry and flavorless

I can forgive cold chicken and overcooked rice, but messing up macaroni salad is a big no-no for a Hawaiian BBQ place.
Love! The Teriyaki beef and the Kalua Pork  with the mac salad and and rice. For dessert I had the Grandmas Caramel Chocolate Cake. Now let me tell you about this cake...heavenly! It's Chocolate cake with caramel and topped with macadamia nuts, whipped cream, toffee and a side of coconut ice cream. If you're trying to watch the calories, this spot is not for you. But know you won't be disappointed with the food they have to offer. 

Also there are a few items I would consider 'secret menu' items. I'm from Hawaii and it had been awhile since I had manapua and when I mentioned it the lady who was helping me was totally cool and told me they could make it for me even though it wasn't on the menu! Score! Yea, I'm a happy camper (Polynesian) :)
Brings the taste of the islands here in AZ.  We have been eating here for several years and never had a bad meal.
Love this place! The kulua pork, chicken katsu and Spanish salad are my favorite items from this joint. Even the rice are so moist and delicious. I move back to AZ a few months ago and discover this place! So happy.

The staffs are so nice there too!
They have loco moco so that's a plus.

The mac salad gave me bubble guts, so that's a minus.

I gave it a 3 but the bubble guts should probably drive it down to a 2 or a 1, but I'm in a holiday mood.  That being said, I don't think I'll go back.
Hubs and I have been going here for years.  We love it.  The food is totally yummy.  It's a bit different than the other Hawaiian food restaurants I've been to.  I don't normally enjoy Hawaiian at places like Aloha Kitchen.  Moki's is more flavorful and less... mysterious.  I like being able to tell what it is I'm putting in my mouth.  

The atmosphere is kitschy-cool and I love the surfboard that acts as lighting.  Yeah, you read that right.  Also, the drum by the door to let them know the food was good is clever and fun and definitely adds to the Pacific-Island feel. 

I have used them for corporate catering purposes in the past to great satisfaction.  All parties who ate the catering raved and asked where they could go to get more.  Everyone is great to work with and the prices are great too.
Love this place! I don't go often enough because I never pass it. It's close to my neighborhood but I rarely drive in that
direction.

Nonetheless, I'm a big fan! Prices are amazing compared to the quality for "fast food." They prepare the food to order.

Their tender and delicious teriyaki chicken and their garlic shrimp are must-haves for my fam! The BBQ ribs are a hit for the kids too.

Friendly service. Happy place. Casual and relaxed atmosphere. Reasonably priced. Try it.
Delicious!  I've never really had Hawaiian food before, but this was wonderful.  I had the chicken katsu and it was SO good!  The rice and salad were both excellent, and my boyfriend enjoyed whatever he ordered.  We even got a free dessert.  The staff is super friendly, the atmosphere is fun, and everything was scrumptious.  I highly recommend Moki's, and am excited to go back.
No Ka Oi (#1!) plate lunch in the desert!  Lived on fresh, inexpensive plate lunch when I lived on Oahu and the Big Island, and Moki's fits the bill.  I had the Ahi Plate lunch with white rice, and a spinach salad side.  The salad was non-traditional, but oh so good!  The fish rocked, and the rice had a nice touch of salt and sugar.  Very good.  Wife had the Kahlua Pork Plate Lunch, and that was equally good.  We live near San Tan Village, but will make the trip to Moki's regularly due to the quality, quantity, and authenticity.  I told you when I was there, and I'll say it again:  YOU GUYS ROCK!!  Aloha.
Stopped by for the March luau night and really enjoyed the experience. Friendly staff, good entertainment, and ono (delicious) all you can eat food for only $10. Not a bad deal especially when you missing the taste of home. 

One thing that caught me off guard though was the katsu sauce. Not the usual tangy, dark brown sauce I'm used to. It was homemade and on the sweeter side with an orangy color. Different, but still good.
Really enjoyed this hawaiian restaurant!  Great, friendly service.  The coconut ice cream shake is amazing.
The portions are good sized and the price is fair, I just prefer the sauce and macaroni salad at ONO over this place. The staff are friendly and fill your order quickly.
I can't comment on the quality of the restaurant as we had Mokis catered last month.  We ordered the Roasted Pig for little Luau theme party we had.  The cost was $300 for the pig.  We thought the price was high but thought it would be worth it to have the experience of having a roasted pig.  Mokis claims the pig will feed 30-35 people.  No way...and no, we are not a bunch of fatsos.  I've had roasted pig like this at other parties and it was probably twice as big.  Anyway, so the size of the pig was a disappointment...AND we had to carve it all up when it came to the party.  The other times we ordered a whole pig, the restaurant delivers it and carves it up for you.  But you live and learn. I just wish I would've seen a review so I knew what to expect earlier, because I would definetly not order it again.

We also ordered some type of fried rice and salad.  They were incredibly good. 

I'd probably order from Mokis again, but I would definetly NOT recommend the whole roasted pig.  Too much money for not much meat.
I have eaten here many times and can give the place my definite recommendation. 
The first time I went I did not even know that it existed when I noticed the sign in 
front of the eatery from the parking lot. I was hungry so decided to try it out and boy was I impressed overall! I have eaten the No. 7 everyday special which is 2 eggs, a burger patty with brown gravy, side salad and choice of white or brown rice. This happens to be a traditional Hawaiian-Polynesian dish and it was delicious! I like this meal with soy sauce and there is a bottle on each table. No alcohol though the usual carbonated soft drinks though I suggest you try one of the canned Hawaiian drinks which are imported from the islands and these are very refreshing. They also serve a variety of desserts which are all island style and the customer restrooms are kept very clean which is always impressive to me. The staff is helpful and friendly and once a month on the third Friday of the month they offer live Polynesian dancers along with an all you can eat buffet for $10.00 which is definitely a real deal for diners! Drinks are not included though the price to eat all you want is worthwhile. I saw one of the Friday night performances and I was impressed with one hula dancer showing off the various native dances of the south pacific tribes along with Josh who is a native Maori who also showed off his native dance steps as well. Oh and you really need to try the chicken katsu with  the special sauce which was so delicious! Basically a boneless and deep fried chicken dish which was not greasy at all with a side of their dipping sauce which made the meal worthwhile. You can get this item as one of the daily specials. Overall I really love Moki's Hawaiian Grill and give it my highest overall recommendation!
Staff/cashier seemed (to us) she rather be elsewhere than working. Tepid reception. No "aloha" attitude in  Hawaiian spot.

Prices were slightly on the pricey side after recieving our dishes. Portions were small for the price they charged us. 

Location is closer to us than Aloha Kitchen... A plus! ^_^
Love the decor, and the al fresca seating.

We also order a coconut smoothie which the server/cashier forgot to serve to us (her mates came over and started socialising instead). We had to remind her that we also order the smoothie a couple of times. Once we recieved it, it was more like a shake than a smothie.

Overall, we are unlikely to return here. Sorry, luvies. Xx
Really good food and friendly service.
Want a taste of Hawaiian-Polynesian food? Then this is the place to go in the east valley. Beware! You will walk out satisfied.  Ono BBQ has nothing on this place! Moki's here to stay!

Well marinated beef and chicken teriyaki that is a must order on the menu. As well this is one of the few places that I can find, the Loco Moco Hawaiian style dish that can change your life for the better. They also have islander's favorite "grab and go" snack, spam musubi is on their menu!! Everything on the menu is prepared well and every bite makes you want to have more.

I recommend to attend on a Friday for the Buffet and a little live show. Be advised, it will be packed! Great clean atmosphere and service.

This is the closest you can get to real Hawaiian-Polynesian Dishes here in the east valley of Mesa.
Constantly trying Hawaiian places in the valley but the options and Katsu here is simply the best I've had. Sad they aren't more centrally located. Also, the atmosphere is great with contemporary island music playing, sit down take your time and enjoy your meal.
I have only been here one time so I haven't tried everything. I ordered the spam musubi, the teriyaki chicken plate with macaroni salad, and some sort of chocolate brownie dessert with coconut ice cream. The best thing was the dessert-that was really good. 2nd best was the musubi. I didn't care for the entre. The chicken was ok, lacked teriyaki sauce and wasn't very juicy. The rice was bland and the macaroni salad was the worst out of everything I had. I am comparing it to Ono's BBQ, so this place was a bit disappointing. I wanted to try something different because I had a groupon for this place, but I probably will never be back. Ono's macaroni salad and quality of meat was better. Granted I only tried this place once, so other items may be much better, but to me, if your macaroni salad is not good, I don't consider it good Hawaiin BBQ.
We Love the food, but the service leaves something to be desired. We've never heard a greeting, or a thank you any of the times we've gone in. A little on the pricey side too.
My boyfriend and I came here today to try out their food. Guess what I ate first??! The grandma chocolate cake! I noticed that the people who ate there ordered the cake. So  mine as well try it. It was so delish!! I got the vanilla and pineapple ice cream (on a separate container). The cake was so moist and it goes with the vanilla and pineapple ice cream. For the entrees I ordered katsu & sticky chicken with macaroni salad it was ok. I was digging more onto my boyfriend's plate, he had teriyaki beef and kalua pork with hawaiian salad.
I enjoyed eating here. The staff was friendly and the food was really good. I had the two meat plate (chicken katsu and pork) with Hawaiian salad and brown rice.
The groupon is well worth the value. Simple Hawaiian dishes but tasty. Would go again!!
We have been here multiple times and we absolutely love it. There's always a sense of genuine hospitality. The food is second to know Hawaiian restaurant in town we will definitely be returning as often as we can and would highly recommend it to anybody who enjoys Hawaiian food
I love their food. Prices are reasonable, they have always been friendly.   There food is cooked to order and delicious with simple Hawaiian fare. No matter what you're in the mood for, this is sure the please.
Tried this place out with the Groupon... Yummy!  I have to say it's the best katsu I have ever had.  The deal came with the chocolate macadamia nut cake which was excellent as well.
Visiting town from Colorado, my friend and I love Hawaiian restaurants. Moki's was good. Nice menu selection. Got the chicken katsu and short ribs. Pretty good. Ribs were a little tough, and the katsu sauce was t great. A little pricey also.
If you're looking for real Hawaiian food, look elsewhere.  If you have an immature palate, do not know how to cook, and frequent places like McDonald's, Burger King, and Taco Bell, you'll probably love this place.

Service: The girl packaging my food picked her nose before touching my to-go boxes. The servers and cook looked like they were in their late teens or young 20s.

Food: I ordered the Ohana Plate, and while the chicken and shrimp were flavorful, the fish was stale, like it had been sitting on the warmer for a few hours.  Also, the intensity of the fish smell was not something that I was expecting: it was not overwhelming, but resembled a rotting odor.

This is a review based on one experience. Bottom line is that while I'd like to give them another try, I don't think it's worth it given the other options for cheap Hawaiian food. I think that a different batch of servers and a different cook would probably result in a better experience and conceivably better tasting food.  I've eaten at Ono multiple times and while it's not perfect, I prefer it over Mokis.
Having lived in Hawaii I can say the food and atmosphere are legit.  Definitely not a chain place..and they have a lot more on the menu the other Hawaiian BBQs such as malasadas and poke.  We really liked the Katsu, Kailua Pork and Kalbi plate lunches with all fixings.  We've already been back within the same week after our initial visit.  Solid local grinds..can't wait to check out the luau.
The Kailua pork was great... Serving size is great too.  Not a big fan of the Mac salad... The staff was friendly and store was clean... Will go back to try their garlic shrimp.
My husband took me here when we first met in 2005.. Love there food & my husband is best friends with owner. 
I love there teriyaki chicken & teriyaki beef!! Chicken Katsu is the bomb to!!
Everything there is Yummy!! 
I love the store & atmosphere is has! 
Great people too!!! 
I always had my catered from them too when I do birthday parties off my kids! 
I even go to the Mokis that in Salt Lake Ut. It's ran by the owner!
I have seen this place several times and I really enjoy Hawaiian food, but I was thoroughly unimpressed. I ordered the Ohana plate. Teriyaki chicken, Mahi Mahi and coconut shrimp. The flavor was pretty decent across the board, but everything was really dry, and they really don't have a very good selection of sauces to choose from. The shrimp seemed like it had come out of the freezer aisle at your local grocery store, no pop just breaded with the slightest hint of coconut. The white rice was probably the best part, and that's just it unflavored white rice, and the macaroni salad with all of its ingredients just fell flat. The service was pretty typical nothing to complain about there. It does have a lot of the clich decor, surfboards and such. 

Overall I have had worse, but definitely do not see myself returning, quite disappointing as its about 2 minutes from my home.
Pretty legit Hawaiian food.  I like that it is small establishment. A little pricey, but the flavor of the food is very good.They have a combo deal with meat, rice, and salad. 
Kalua pork is good. It tastes like stuff I've had in Hawaii
I like the option for brown or white rice. 
The Hawaiian salad was pretty tasty the last time I was here, but today it had a bitter taste to it.  
Spam masubi is pretty good too, but also a little pricey. One roll for $3. 
Overall a very legit and cute place, but could be a little pricey.
The food is very good. I gave 3 stars due to price. It's a bit over priced for the food and portion size. One visit I did the bowl which includes rice an chicken etc. The scoop of rice was too small and not that much meat. They need to lower their prices a couple dollars or give more food. If you don't mind over paying a small amount, then go. The food is good.
This place is tasty!!! Chicken Katsu is the best with the spinach salad!  They have one of the best desserts, Grandma's chocolate cake and you have to get it with the coconut ice cream!!! Yummmmm!!!!
This place is tasty!!! Been coming here for years. Chicken Katsu is the best with the spinach salad!  The spam masubi is good, as well as the sweet and sour chicken, which isn't too sweet.  I do not like the pork kaluai or the macaroni salad. Hubby had the ribs on our last visit and he said they were tough and wouldn't get them
again.   I think they are a little pricey for being a walk up and order restaurant, but they did have a good Groupin deal recently. 
They have one of the best desserts, Grandma's chocolate cake and you have to get it with the coconut ice cream!!! Yummmmm!!!!
bland flavorless boiled meat.... i got teriyaki pork, yes the meat was tender and perfectly cook alas it was totally tasteless i got up to ask for more sauce and she handed me what i thought was vinaigrette but it was just the most watered down teriyaki sauce ever... it was almost clear... so then i asked for the sweet and sour sauce also almost flavorless. my friend asked for the brown rice they wer e out of it but didnt tell her until they brought her food to the table. she also got the vgitarian bowl and it was frozen mixed veggies, carrots broccoli and cauliflower with rice that was it for $7.00 and she said her veggies were still cold.. the pinapple on the plate was still green and totally unripe. the coconut icecream was good the grandmoms chocolate cake was still raw inside and seemed like very under cooked brownies.. i wouldnt waste your money here.. go somewhere else...
Can't get much more authentic than this... Everyone I bring there love it. A bit pricey with healthy servings. Their Hawaiian salad is unique and the teriyaki chicken never disappoints. I recommend Mokis Hawaiian Grill for sure...
Mokis is great! The katsu chicken is amazing. The sauce is great. It's a good place to grab some food and hangout for a while.
Saw this on a Groupon offer awhile and decided to give it a shot. Had the Teriyaki beef with rice. It was awesome: tender, juicy and flavorful. The slaw that came with it was also delicious. However the true star of the meal was the dessert. They had a macadamia nut cake with coconut pineapple ice cream *DROOL is all I can say. A perfect ending to a meal. Will absolute be coming back!
This is the first time in a very long time I have stopped at mokis.  I stopped the first week they opened and I would have rated them  3 stars.  Today they only get 2 stars. The first thing I noticed was the strong fish smell. Which almost made me turn and walk out.  now wish I had.  I ordered the 2 meat plate.  I chose Katsu chicken and sticky chicken.  The Katsu was ok and the dipping sauce was good.  The sticky chicken was greasy  and did not have a very good flavor. It came with white rice and a salad. I chose the Hawaiian salad which is pretty good. The company I work for sometimes has catering brought in from mokis and it is better than what I had today.  Maybe it was a bad day? I can still smell the fish odor on my clothes. Yuck!  I'm glad I was on my way home for the day.
Was hosting a Hawaiian themed baby shower and needed a Hawaiian caterer.  We checked out many of the Hawaiian places around town and Moki's was the best.  It tasty and at a good price.  Lisa & Eric were easy to work with and accommodating of our requests (like needing vegetarian options).  They were punctual the night of the shower and very professional. We provided tables and tablecloths and they did all the set up.  They even stayed to serve the food.  I look forward to eating at their restaurant next.
My Hawaiian craving hit and I needed some loco moco - STAT.  Aloha Kitchen is closed on Mondays (so I haven't had a chance to try it) so after some Yelping and help from Groupon, we stumbled upon Moki.  According to the cashier, it's been around for about 10 yrs so I'm sorry I haven't checked it out sooner!  

Staff is good - I like their "roll with it" vibe. I can understand that some people might want more touchy feely, but I'm in it for the eats. They are pleasant enough provide very fast service. 

I would say almost too fast service. The Groupon covered two combo entrees (one meat) and two desserts. My husband and I both ordered the loco moco (my craving spread) and we went with mokisada (me) and grandma's cake (him). 

It was pretty slow at 2pm on a Monday so our orders came out within 10 mins. We had just settled down to eat when suddenly my mokisada came out as well. That was a surprise - I thought they would check on our food status and then bring it out when we were about half done. Nope!  Not too long after the mokisada came out the chocolate cake did too. Now, we did not overlook this opportunity to try both of our desserts - they were just chilling there after all - and they were very delicious.  I just wish they had come out a little later so we didn't have to watch it melt while we ate. 

However, I do understand - this is more cafe-style than restaurant. There aren't waiters but they are nice enough to bring your food to you. There are utensils on each table - you have to grab them yourself. I would just prepare to either eat your main meal first and then go order your dessert or ask them if they would kindly wait on making dessert until you let them know (more for the Groupon people). 

Now, on to the food again!  The loco mocos were pretty good for us - nothing fancy, basic hamburger patty with brown gravy and an over easy/med/hard egg on white rice.  I think they offer brown rice as an alternative too but we didn't get the offer. No worries - if I'm already going for loco moco, what is brown rice really going to do for me?  I take my liberties and threw on some siracha for some kick and I was good to go. You have a few choices for sides with your plate which is nice - I don't care for macaroni salad all the time. There are 3 veggie salads to choose from outside of the normal macaroni salad - spinach, fresh, and hawaiian. Each salad has its own set of ingredients and dressing. I chose the hawaiian and my husband got the spinach. Both were pretty good in my opinion. My husband really liked the dressing on his spinach salad. If I had to say anything I would say the hawaiian salad needed a touch more dressing if anything.  I felt the price for the combo was reasonable considering we are able to customize it a little and the portion size was more than enough - we couldn't finish all the rice. My parents would've been ashamed with me had they known. 

The desserts were epic and completely unexpected in size. The other drawback to staring at your dessert while you eat is also knowing exactly how much room you have to leave yourself for dessert. As tempting as it was to just eat the rest of the rice, I just couldn't. Mokisadas come in several forms and names but it's basically a fried doughnut rolled in sugar. It was one of my favorite things as a child and exciting to have again... But not in the form of FIVE (slightly smaller) tennis balled sized delights ringing a bowl with two large scoops if ice cream (they have several flavors to choose from) and a large handful of strawberries. With everything drizzled in pineapple sauce. Don't get me wrong - it was delicious!  A bite of warm doughnut with ice cream and a strawberry is like a fattier version of strawberry short cake. For one person after an already large entree?  Near impossible to finish unless I planned on literally rolling myself out the door.  I was able to get 2.5 Mokidown and about one scoop of ice cream but then I had to call it quits. 

It wasn't quite Hawaii all over again (since I could see the paint drip off my car from the heat instead of seeing the ocean spray), but it was a nice reminder. Will be back for my loco moco fix!
Wow! This is a prime example of why you can't always trust 4 stars on Yelp. (Sad face) I have seen a Groupon for this place multiple times and have been curious about the quality since their reviews on here seem to be great. We went during early lunch hour time, was helped promptly at the order counter, was excited to see the full menu & our mouths started watering thinking about this special caloric treat we were about to indulge in. And..... then the let downs started. No soy sauce, just some kind of mix that seemed teriyaki-ish, but whatever, who needs that sodium bottle anyway. Food came out relatively quickly EXCEPT the side order of lau lau which is what we were most excited about, it was delivered to us after we were done with our other plates. We gave the benefit of the doubt because this is a slow cooked item & we thought they were putting love into it... NOT! It was sooooo disgusting, if you've ever had real lau lau, you would understand how horribly prepared this was. After we worked our way through the dried banana leaf portion, we made it to the treasure... NOPE! The leaf was extremely bitter, filled (using the term loosely) with 2 large pieces of fat globules, a few (meaning 3) strips of what seemed to be dried jerky like pork substance. Enough on that, I'm getting upset again just typing it. The Mac salad with no potato, huh? tasted like orange zest & was low on flavor. The Kalbi ribs were so chewy I had to spit some bites into my napkin because I was going to get lock jaw trying to process it. My better half got the chicken katsu & it was just alright. 
Now I have eaten at Ono & thought that was passable but do not choose to eat there, but I would eat there any day in comparison to here.
End note, if you've been to Hawaii, then you know what authentic flavors are, if you are looking for the real deal, go to Aloha Kitchen. They know what they are doing, it's delicious and less expensive and so much better quality!
Was that too harsh? I really dislike wasting hard earned money.
We used to come to Mokis when the family owners were working, cooking, and it was a great place. The food was outstanding and hot.
So I haven't been for quite awhile since we've come here... It started to slowly go down hill starting 2 years ago.
There are only teenagers running the place, and I watched our food get warmed up, but it wasn't cooked on the grill.
The prices have increased, the quality of the food has gone way down, the owners aren't here, and now the menu has changed... The yams are gone people..... That was the best ever! Gone.
We won't be back. I spent $30 on TWO people for just normal meals.
Really good food, we had a groupon and they didnt honor it exactly as it was written, which is Ok since the food was so good. Wish it was closer to home. Chicken and beef both excellent!!
We've been here a couple of times now.  The first time was with a Groupon that included dessert - yummy!  Food is very tasty.  Service is good.  Very friendly staff.  It does get really busy at times though, which is a good sign for business.
Moki's won't blow your mind, but it's a decent place to satisfy your Hawaiian food cravings at a reasonable price.
Love this place. The food is always cooked perfect and the staff is super nice.  The kids meals are the perfect size for a light lunch and the combo plates are a delicious choice for a larger portion.  They are great with call a heads and they are open Christmas Eve for a food stop during your last minute shopping. We have been eating at this place for the past 7 years. We love it.
Generous portions and seriously good food at cheap prices. Although I'm no expert, I hear the food is remarkably authentic, with Japanese, Chinese and Korean influences. I especially like the Hawaiin chicken rice and pork laulau. Oh, and don't forget the mayo-macaroni salad served with every order. All this culture in a strip mall at the crossroads of Tempe, Chandler & Mesa. Aloha!
I was to have a lunch meeting here, but it took me a while to find this place.  Why?
- I'm still a moron while navigating Arizona streets, and I get confused with "N"orth and "S"outh addresses.
- I ALSO found out that the numbering and directions change depending on the city.  As I was travelling North on Alma School in Chandler, I then turned around after a while because I saw I wanted a "South" address.

After much confusion, I finally found the bland, yet clean restaurant in the mini-mall BEHIND Safeway, and had a good meeting.  After the meeting broke, I ordered a bulkogi and chicken combo, and the owner, Ray, sat down to chat with me.  We talked about how we both missed Oakland Chinatown and complained about the Arizona heat.  He told me about how he moved to Arizona some 30 years ago with his wife (who is from Hawaii), and how they started this restaurant a good 20 odd years ago, before the plate lunch fad hit the mainland.

And he told me that weekends are a good time to come, so he can set me up with a new girlfriend.  Work your magic, Ray!
The food is AWESOME!! I looooove the Manapua and the Bulkogi or however it's spelled. It's the best!! the mac-potato salad is worth the trip alone!! I'm so glad my friend made me try it because I always go back when I'm on that side of town!! OH! and the fried wonton appetizers are the best too!! I love the sauce it comes with!! ALOHA!! :D
Ho, brah...heard dis place was da kine, went here wikiwiki at pau hana time....Finding ono grinds in Arizona is tough, yeah. Evens do, Arizona has choke local people. Whadda gives, you say brah? Do local people stop liking Hawai'ian food when dey come to da mainland? Ho don't look at me, brah, I'll nevah forget my first time grinding at Rainbows, washing down my plate lunch with a slush float...but anywayz....

Aloha Kitchen ain't Rainbows brah. It hints at da Islands with a linoleum floor and basic tables and chairs. (Dis assumes brah you come on a day other than Mondays, when da Kitchen is pau.) But as you walk around don't expect to see like shave ice, or spam musubi, or some guy with a wet okole.  Still, it's casual and relaxed and usually not loud n crazy.

Not that I know fo sure brah. I always get da kalbi to go, and don't stick around der long. So you says to youzeself, brah, dis fella order one thing on da menu and he's gonna tell me how dis place broke da mouth? Brah, fo reals. Da proof is in da mac salad, scoops of rice, youze name it. Go to a chain like L&L or Ono....you see what I mean, bumbye. 

Aloha Kitchen is strictly a counter place. Da grinds may come with a touch of ohana...but don't expect anyone to serve you. You order, you pay, an den you grind brah, An wen you done, you talk story until you're pau. Still, da girl at da counter is choke friendly, and never rude.

Whuzzat youze say? Doesn't everything in Hawai'i cost more? Especially grinds? Fo sure brah...a trip to a supermarket in Hawaii can give you chicken skin. Good news is brah, da Kitchen won't do that. As of yet, nothing is over $10...but den again, is it gonna stay dat wayz fo evahs? No ways, brah, no ways. 

S if it is take out you crave, and you don't feel like Subwayz, or Mickey D's, den take youze opu to Aloha Kitchen, You'll be hundred of miles away from da beach, or waterfalls, or an ABC Store...But...you'll be full...an not just of aloha brah.
You might be in a mom & pop joint when there are employees under the age of 16.  I think one of the girls was like 13.  These guys know how to do business!  They are very friendly and when we had a problem with getting our order they gave me my money back without me complaining.  That made me want to go back before I even ate.  I got the mix plate 4 - Teriyaki Chicken and Katsu combination.  I liked the Teriyaki more.  I'd choose this place over Moki's, but I haven't tried any other Hawaiian places yet.
Can you say, 'Plate Lunch'? 
This place is pretty close to alot of the small family-owned shops in hawaii and they even have Spam Musubi and Haupia!!!....for those familiar with the 'ono-licious grinds' of the islands....I would suggest the kalbi ribs which are always my fav!!!!
This was a flash-back for me!
Super Yum!  We were on our way to a lecture on Art Appraising and I wanted Hawaiian food, so I looked up a place near where we were going and found Aloha Kitchen. 

Gary had been there numerous times before and said it sounded it good to him, so we went!

We shared won tons, and ordered chicken teriyaki and bulgoki and had 2 pineapple orange juices. 

Everything was really super yummy!  Our dishes also came with macaroni-potato salad which was delish! 

AND!  They have a recycling bin for the juice cans! yay!  I'd definitely hit this place up again if I were in the area.
YUM. Seriously YUM. Thanks to Brandi L for introducing me to this fabulous strip mall find.The potato-macaroni salad alone is worth the trip to this spot. I adore the bulkogi but really, everything I have had here is very good. Stop by if you are ever in the area. In fact... I think I might do a pick up today!
I greatly enjoy their chicken Katsu and Bulgogi mix plate.  And their manapua is great as well (I always order two and give one away to whomever's with me).  I've been several times over the last year and have yet to be disappointed.  

One late Wednesday night we walked in on the surreal scene of ukulele lessons.  There was a veritable sea of ukelele enthusiasts from the Mesa area filling the left half of the restaurant, and between instruction some nice live music.
Believe it or not I heard about this place while I was in Honolulu! No kidding. I met the owners sister while working temporarily in Hawaii over the holidays. When the woman I was speaking to found out I was from Mesa she asked me if I'd heard of Aloha Kitchen. I had not...which is weird as I only live about a mile from the place! But it's hidden behind Nello's so I'd never noticed it before.

Soooo...we finally went tonight. Super Ono! We tried the Bulkogi...so flavorful...slightly difficult to cut on the plate but so goood. The teriyaki chicken is so moist and tender...and the char from the grill just adds to the flavor experience. The Katsu was very well done. I've had Katsu at some places that was so over cooked you could re-do the bottom of your shoes with it. This Katsu was very well done. 
My one Step-daughter had the Won ton Saimin...she loved it. She couldn't believe someone would serve a bowl of soup so large. She wondered was it for all of us or just for her!?! 
We ordered one Manapua after I explained to my husband what it was. He'd never heard of it before. I of course had some when I was in Hawaii. After he saw one come out of the kitchen he had to try it. I just wish they had some with other fillings.

Even though we had more than enough to eat we tried some pie. Oh my...what a treat. So so ono! Hubby had the Coconut Macadamia and I had the Chocolate Haupia...Unbelievable flavor.

Our only comment would be...keep the food the way it is but put some character in the decor. We'll probably get the food to go in the future as the restaurant it self is blah looking. The Hawaiian magazines to browse are cool...as are the other things on the counter...but the tables and the ho-hum look to the walls don't make me want to "be there" or draw me in. It needs a warmer more Aloha look.

But all in all...Mahalo to the sister for letting me in on a place I had in my own back yard...Man I had to go to Hawaii to find out about it. Go figure!
Best Hawaiian in town, this place was a staple for me in the college years.  I could live off the manapua.  The humble decor leaves you in for an even better surprise when you taste the food.  Had a friend that lived in Hawaii for several years and he said the food here was just like home.  They have music on some days and advertise cultural events happening in the valley.  Fun, cheap, good eats.
When you have lived in Hawaii, when you have experienced and understand the Aloha spirit and all that it contains you also will understand that food is important to the culture.   I can tell you stories about trips planned to infamous restaurants and eateries all over the islands based on lengthy conversations with many who live there.  Yes, good food is appreciated by the island folks.....so lets transition to Arizona where you can still find some folks from the islands.  As was the case there, the conversation quickly turns to great places to eat, and where to find that great island style food that we grew to love.  I was so excited to find that this place was good, and super close to where we live.  We have been there often since.  We have even used them to cater our oldest sons Hawaiian stlye Bday party last year.   Food is great, local style.   Just what the Dr. ordered.   A bit of Aloha in Arizona, cant get better than that.
I've been going here for about 10 years now.  Every once in a while I used to forget that they were closed on Mondays, but now I remember.
I always order the mixed plate #4 with potato mac salad and leave stuffed and satisfied.  It has always been excellent.

The place has a unusual feel since it's kind of a strip mall setup and not that easy to spot, but when you are there it's like everyone knows that they are in on the secret.
Ive been going here for 15 years and still love it. Its one of my top 3 lunch places. Personally, I think this ranks up there with "plate lunch" style food you find in Maui.

Make sure you try the Manapua - it's a meat-filled bun.
Being from Hawaii, I've been looking for a good plate lunch place in Arizona.  I FINALLY FOUND IT!  Aloha Kitchen gets an A+.  The owner, Ray, is a really cool relaxed dude and all the aunties in the back are from Hawaii.

Very authentic Hawaiian style food.  All the classics from the islands within a 10 minute drive from my apartment!  Can't wait to go back!
I have been eating @ Aloha Kitchen since it opened. I worked right next door at Nello's. I was very excited when Ray opened his doors. I could only hope the food was as good as I remember when I lived in on the Islands, and it was. 

I have been going here ever since. Especially since they offer Manapua. You have to try it. (Steamed buns, stuffed with pork)

Most other Hawaiian food places don't offer them and if you ever lived in Hawaii, particularly Oahu, you know what Manapua are and know what they should taste like. 

The only thing I wish they had added to the menu, over all these years is "Pork Hash", Mmmmm I miss those.
i love this place. the beef skewers are awesome, the mix plates are awesome, everything is awesome. seriously, awesome. mini plates will fill your tummy, the regular sized ones are great for having leftovers for breakfast. the wednesday/saturday kalua pig should not be missed. and the chicken long rice ... oh my god. the chicken long rice. this is the only place in town i've found it, and i love it.
Jam packed well after lunch hours. Full of mostly locals - Hawaiian locals that is. (That right there should tell you something.) I have not had island food this good since I left the islands.  I am serious - there is a place in Orem Utah called Matiki's and it was #1 on my list until this place.  SOOOOO freaking glad I found this place.  it will be the ONLY Hawaiian joint I hit up from now on!
If you didn't know better, you might think you're in the islands.  The food is fantastic, the staff are very nice, and the portions are right on.  2 scoops of rice, pasta-mac salad and a pound of meat.  Much mahalo!
had the bulkogi mini plate. very cheap at $5, but it's not really bulkogi - more like a thin steak with very sweet barbecue sauce - and the rice was too sticky. the lone bright spot of the meal was probably the potato-mac salad.
Fall in love with the food everytime I eat here!
I love Hawaiian food and only found this place thanks to Yelp.  I have driven by hundreds of times and didn't know it was there.  

The service was awesome, I asked for a little help and the wonderful lady behind the counter offered tons of advice.  She was incredibly passionate about the food and raved that they had the best food around.  I instantly loved the place and I hadn't even taken a bite yet...

I ordered the Bulkogi thanks to the yelpers reviews and they were right!  The fresh grilled taste and perfect korean bbq marinade put this over the top!  Also their mac-potato salad was amazing with hot sauce!  My wife ordered the laulau pork place and the lady was right, this was some of the best I'd ever had.  One suggestion:  ask for terriyaki sauce or something to go with the pork.  Though it was perfectly cooked and seasoned, it needed something to put it over the top.  

I'm going back to try the short ribs ASAP!  Check this place out!  A gem!
I went here towards the end of the lunch hour push and it was still quite busy.  The line wasn't long, but most of the tables were full which is a good sign.  It is in a tricky parking lot, be prepared to pass it and whip a U-turn.  

Everything seems to be cooked up nice and fresh so it took a few minutes to get our dish.  Upon arrival, I received a plate overflowing with food.  I got the Beef Bulgoki and Pork Katsu (sp?) combo plate.  I have had both of those meats at a Korean place (Cho Dang) so I assume that is the influence on these particular meats.  Both were very good.  A tiny bittle too gristly on the bulgoki, but it was easily cut off and the flavor was good enough to make it not worry. 

 I chose my side to be maccaroni potato salad.  Yes, both combined into one which sounds a little sacrilegious but it was recommend by the woman taking my order.  It was actually very good.  The entire meal was very good and even someone with a healthy appetite like me was unable to even come close to finishing.  They pile the meat on top of 2 giant scoops of rice so it is definitely healthy portioning at this joint.

Compared to the awful food I had at Paradise Hawaiian BBQ in Tempe, this place is at a different level.  I actually got more food, fresher food, and tastier food for less money.  

The place was clean and the staff was friendly.  I look forward to going back to work my way through the menu.
Food is fairly authentic island food... it is OK, nothing fantastic. Then again, not much island food is 'fantastic' anyway.

If you love island food, go here. If not, you are not missing anything.
...and the Five stars are not only because we've known the owners, Ray and Lynn for 20 years...as well as grinding there for just as long.  The food is always island style...which means broke da mouth, bruddahs and sistahs.  And Aloha Kitchen is always the busiest food kiosk at the Annual March Arizona Aloha Festival, for the past 8-10 years I can recall.  (The Aloha Festival is now held at Tempe Town Lake.)  So if you cannot get out to Mesa to check 'em out there, you can stand in line at the upcoming Aloha Festival...you won't be disappointed!  There have been many Hawaiian food establishments that have come into the valley since, Ray and Lynn opened over 20 years ago.   and, there are lots of good reasons (on their menu) why they are still serving ono-licious Hawaiian style food...its da sticky rice, brah....naw only keeding....Its da food!  Try 'em!
A little slice of the Pacific Rim, caught under the broiling heat of the Arizona sun.

It's exactly as Island should be: Fast, fatty, surrounded by rice, and served in a styrofoam container with a side of macaroni salad.  This is food that you should be eating on a beach after spending a morning playing in the ocean.  I had to settle on eating it on my patio after working in my garden but the food tasted just as good.

I rated it 5 stars, this is definitely food that deserves to be eaten.  But make no bones about it, if you hate island food, food from Korea, or macaroni salad.... this probably isn't going to change your mind.  It's comfort food for people who think flip-flops should be year round footwear.
Always good , the katsu chicken is great, they ran out of manapuas, bummer, eating some fried saimin noodles this time, best Hawaiian with out going to the islands.
You know that hole-in-the-wall Mexican/Chinese/Italian/Indian/Etc place you love that has pretty solid food and reasonable prices, the people are friendly and the decor is...hole-in-the-wall?

Well, add Aloha Kitchen to the list as your hole-in-the-wall Hawaiian place.  The are friendly, relatively fast, priced for the beer budget and quite tasty indeed.

Like a ripe pineapple ready to be eaten, Aloha Kitchen, um, Aloha Kitchen...I really have no idea where to go with the pineapple setup there.  The whole pineapple thing just seemed apropos to the Hawaiian theme and, oh well.

Try it, you'll like it.
The food was great and the service was phenomenal! The food seems to be actually local as a very good portion of the patrons looked to be Polynesian. I had the Mix Plate #4 Bulkogi and Teriyaki Chicken combination and we also had some of the Manapua (Char Sui Bao) balls...can't wait to go back!!!
Third time here in the past three weeks if that says something :)
Big big fan of their Teriyaki Chicken, Bulkogi Beef, Shredded Pork (Lualua, I believe) and Katsu Chicken... Compared to L&L this place kicks some MAJOR ass... I dream of their macaroni/potato salad.. I cry for it in my sleep! :) lol! :D  my only issue is that they don't seem to offer free refills.. I could be wrong however. 
An absolute MUST try if you like hawaiian, or korean style food.
I actually really like this place but at the same time I do have my issues with it. Fisrt of all, let me say that the manapua is to die for. Beyond that the menu is fairly standard Hawaiian. The saimin lacks flavor, the katsu is a little bland, the macpot is macpot.

I will keep going back for the manapua (it's like crack), but I may just skip the rest of the menu
Yup, found it on Yelp.  And it wasn't very far from where my daughter whom I 'm visiting lives, so it only took me a couple of days to get here.  She came with me.  I got the Korean bol-go-ki- barbeque which tasted wonderful.  It came with a potato/macaroni salad and a scoop of white rice. I enjoyed all and had some leftovers to save for dinner.  My skeptical daughter (not the adventurous one of my three) just got a scoop of the mac and potato mixture.  She wasn't real keen on it and said she'd rather have them separate.  I also ordered one of the Manapua rolls. It was okay, but not as wonderful as the reviews.  I don't think there was anything wrong with it, just not my thang I guess.

The owner couldn't have been any nicer and I'm sorry I didn't know about this place (or Yelp at that point) when I was in Chandler for 9 months in 2007.  I'm collecting too many favorites to come to when I'm in town!
So the boyfriend and I have been busy with moving into our own place in the area and today, we decided we'll stop by the Aloha Kitchen for dinner.

First of all, we're not exactly new to AK.  We always grab lunch at their stand during the Aloha Festival.  With that said, this was our first time actually going into the restaurant.

My boyfriend got a combination plate of bulgogi and chicken katsu while I had the kalbi [short rib] plate.  For a $19 meal, I wasn't expecting too much --- maybe the same expectation as other Hawaiian eateries this valley is blessed to have.

And I was wrong.  The portions are a bit smaller, the meat was a little dryer for the boyfriends plate, and everything was mediocre.  I must say though that my short ribs were delicious!  

Overall, it wasn't that bad but it definitely doesn't taste like their booth at the Aloha Festival!
Are you hungry and in need of a hearty meal at a fair price?

Then Aloha Kitchen is the place you want to go.

I've been coming here for years, and my family and I absolutely LOVE Aloha Kitchen.  This is a place that my kids always want to go.

When I come here, I usually order one of these three dishes:

Chicken Katsu & Teriyaki Chicken Combo with white rice and the green salad.

or

The J.R. Special

or

Wonton Saimin Soup with a side of hot mustard to add another dimension to the broth.


Once in a blue moon, I'll order the Chinese Chicken Salad.  This thing is huge! (That's what she said.)  It's a bowl of salad of epic proportions.  It's also delicious.

Other than the food, the prices are fair.  (Please pay with cash, so they can keep their costs low and pass on the savings to us.)

The staff is always, ALWAYS friendly.

If you are in the mood to hear live Hawaiian/Polynesian music, go there on one of their designated Wednesdays.

Don't come on a Monday, since they are closed that day.

See you there.
My favorite and only place I will go for Hawaiian BBQ out here. Their teriyaki chicken is really good. The sauce is sweet and tasty. I also like their katsu. Nice, crispy and crunchy. Portions are big. I'm usually satisfied with a mini plate, which comes with: a meat of your choice, one scoop of rice and a salad (tossed green salad or potato mac). Their potato mac is really good. Sprinkle some black pepper on it and you're golden. Sometimes they have spam musubi at the counter. Yum. And also, they have hawaiian soft drinks in the little fridge by the counter. My fav is the lilikoi (passionfruit) regular or iced tea. The ladies here are super friendly.
I heard about Aloha Kitchen from Yelp.  Apparently, they've been at this same location for around 24 years, wow!

The service was good.  The person who took my order helped me pick my entree since it was my first time there.

I had the Bulkogi and Chicken Katsu combination for $7.95.  I wasn't overwhelmed by the quality of the food, but the flavor was nice and it was a good change of pace from the same old deli experience.  It was more than enough food for me, so I guess the price was right for the value.  Aloha Kitchen isn't going to become my new regular spot, but I'd go again.
Good, authentic Hawaiian food in the middle of the desert.  I enjoyed their Kalua Pig with Cabbage, Pork Laulau, Lomi Salmon, Chicken Long Rice and Manapua (steamed buns). This place has been around for years and there's a reason why.  

They should open another location in Phoenix -- preferably near 16th st. and Camelback.   ;)
Mmmmm....everything I've had here has been excellent!  My first visit I had the Korean Beef Bulgogi plate, small size for $5.  It was just as I remembered it from a place in Ocean Beach I used to go to, closed for years.  Instead of the usual mac salad, they serve a potato/mac mixture.  I liked it, my daughter didn't.  We tried one of the manapuas I heard people rave about but it wasn't my thang.  Probably an acquired taste so if you like them, I heard they were good here.  

Other visits I've had the salmon plate and the pork specials offered only on Wednesdays and Saturdays.  One time I had a shrimp plate that was the best one yet!  Yesterday it was the "Hawaiian Plate" with Kalua Pig and Cabbage, Lomi Salmon (like Ceviche with salmon), and the mac salad mix.  It was supposed to come with Chicken Long Rice but they were out of it so I just had white rice.  Everything was wonderful.  My daughter wasn't real hungry so she just got the 2 teriyaki beef stick side dish, $2.25, which I had a taste of.  Real good!  My plate was so big I took half home for leftovers.  

I will keep coming back here!
I was jonesing for some plate lunch this weekend so I hopped on Yelp and saw Aloha Kitchen had good reviews. Yelpers, you did not let me down - this place is awesome!

Hidden away in a random strip mall is this gem of an eatery. It's an order at the counter and eat off styrofoam kinda joint. But the food far outshines any lack of ambiance. 

I ordered the mini chicken teriyaki and the boyfriend went for the mini chicken katsu. The mini comes with half the meat, one scoop of rice and one scoop of potato mac salad. And there isn't much mini about it. This was more than enough food. The chicken was super tender and the sauce was plentiful and tasty. The potato mac salad was a surprise, but a good one. I'm used to just mac salad but the addition of the potato kinda kicked it up a notch. I ate every last potato and mac!

Boyfriend's katsu was fried to perfection and the sauce was served on the side. Bot of us left full and satisfied. 

Next time I want to go back on a Saturday so I can try the pork. If it's anywhere near as good as the chicken I'll be a happy island girl.
We've been craving some authentic island food for weeks and knew Ono's Hawaiian BBQ would just not satisfy it! We ordered the Hawaiian Combo and Saimen and it was just like eating with the ohana!! The laulau, kalua pork, long rice-- all Ono!! Can't wait to go back to get another fix!!
I spent 4 years in Hawaii, eating plate lunches and spam musubi almost every day. The chain hawaiian bbq places are ok, some are even good, but Aloha Kitchen takes the cake! It's one of the east side's best kept secrets. I went in on a busy saturday and ordered my staple: kalbi short ribs, all rice and a spam musubi. Both were fantastic! it reminded me of grabbing a plate lunch before heading to the beach. This place is tucked away in a random strip mall, next to a pizza joint, but it's worth the hunt and the drive. They have full size plates and mini plates, for those with smaller appetites. And, unlike the chain hawaiian places, they have REAL Hawaiian food: lomi lomi salmon, kahlua pig, manapua, stuff like that. This place gets a big thumbs up from me!



Head to the east size for a real taste of the islands!

Oh, and on every 1st and 3rd saturday they have a Hawaiian music "store." A guy comes in with hundreds of old school and new music from every Hawaiian band/singer you can imagine! Hapa, Braddah Iz, Keali'i Reichel, Sistah Robi, Na Leo Pilimehana, and tons more!
effin delicious grub is what you will get here! Ridic amount of food ,without breaking the bank. Seriously. Got two large entree orders and three side apps to snack on all for $25, cannot beat that. You will have leftovers for sure! B/f had the Bulgogi and he loved it. I had the sweet and sour chicken, it was just as good. yummy.. no complaints at all, salad was good and their macaroni-potato salad was killer as well. The menu has Hawaiian, Korean, Chinese..all the food i cannot get enough of. We stopped in and ordered it to go, people working there and very friendly and we only had a short wait for the food. We will for sure be back, so glad i found this place...really is a hidden little treasure.
My wife and I went there a few times over the last month and every time one of us gets the chicken katsu.  We brought our in laws there and they liked it as well..given my wife and in laws lived in Hawaii and love this place speaks volumes.   Not too fancy and every time we have dined in, we noticed there seem to be a lot of locals/regulars...a good sign.
The price was right, but I left still hungry..... Let me start by saying that if I was more into greasy/ fried food I would have loved it, but I'm not. I ordered the mini plate of chicken (not sure how to spell it) and there was still skin on it. Yuck! At closer inspection it was also loaded with fat. About half of my chick plate was fat. I didn't eat any of it. I did however eat off of my significant others plate. He ordered a #4. That was pretty good, but he also would not touch my chicken. The side salad was good and the little bbq buns were good. I won't be back because this style of food is not for me. However, if you have a hangover and need some grease to counteract the alcohol poisoning this is a place I would recommend.
I love, love, love the food at Aloha Kitchen.  My favorite dish is the Chicken Katsu.  No other restaurant in the valley makes this as delicious as they do.
Aloha Kitchen is... FANTASTIC! I had the chicken katsu combo plate. Comes with the chicken katsu, teriyaki chicken, two scoops of rice, and a YUMMO scoop of their potato mac salad. 

We also had the Manapua... really good! Its filled with bbq pork, and streamed. ***Be warned... it is wrapped on the bottom with a thin paper wrap, you would never know its there unless someone points it out or you do what I did... take a bite and realize you bit into something you shouldn't have. 

The restaurant itself lacks ambiance, and doesnt have outdoor seating. Place gets very busy. When I got there, (and had my order called in prior to arriving) I was the last person in line... which was outside. Moved fairly quick though. 

All in all... great experience.
Aloha!  Make yourselves at home at this cute little eatery serving a taste of the Hawaiian islands.  Dishes here are reasonably priced, with plate lunches that give you a lot of food for your dollar.  Wanting to try a variety of foods, I tried the Hawaiian plate.  The plate consisted of kalua pork with cabbage, clear noodles, and some lomi salmon.  The kalua pork was great, lots of flavor, slightly smokey, and not too salty.  The clear noodles were also very good in their savory marinade.  The lomi salmon was a bit salty for my tastes, but the salmon and other ingredients themselves tasted fresh.  All in all, a good place for a satisfying meal.
Ok.so first visual impression was a regular drop joint hopefully with a good underlining" food".I got there mix plate#2 with beef and chicken katsu w rice and macaroni salad.the chicken tasted like boneless fried chicken cutlets w a side of Louisiana style bbq sauce" instead of katsu sauce,not good,the beef was borderline beef jerky, thinly sliced over sauced beef,some of it was tender,alot of burnt ends and grisly bites,with a copious amount of marinate.left a coating in my mouth,the rice was sticky and clumped apart,the macaroni salad wasn't bad but wasn't good,had to add pepper and there were chunks of russet patotos in it,that was first,and I really wanted the lau lau,but only on Saturdays.as well as kalua beef.I will go back to try the lau lau but not anytime soon.stay classy yelpers
Omg laulau. That really could be this whole post. It is one of the few things I miss from living in Hawaii. They only have it on saturdays, and call ahead to make sure they haven't run out. I had the platter, and ate the whole thing, which is not a good idea, because you will explode from being so full.

The atmosphere is pretty low key, and I absolutely LOVE that this is a real hawaiian place, not some asian fusion, we put a pineapple in it so its hawaiian wannabe place. 

On top of the absolutely awesome laulau, they have hawaiian specialty take home stuff, I got a frozen bit of kulolo which I can't wait to steam and enjoy. They also have poi, but I've never gotten into the stuff. 

Oh, and canned guava juice like I used to get in hawaii too, like biting into a real guava.

I was in hawaiian heaven, a pleasant reminiscence of when I lived there.
Aloha Kitchen is an endless source of incredibly awesome, well made delicious yum-foods! I've dined here countless times, and have tried all sorts of things from their surprisingly varied menu... When I was a carb whore, I used to go full hog on the Teriyaki Bulkogi Plate, and I'd ask for an extra side of the Macaroni Salad (it's SO GREAT), and savor each grain of their super sticky white rice.. Now that my diet has changed a great deal, I'm a bit more of a salad guy, and I'm thrilled to report that Aloha Kitchen has possibly the best salad I've ever had: The Chinese Chicken Salad.  It's huge, inexpensive, super fresh, tasty, and crispy. It features a truckload of Teriyaki Chicken, some fried noodle crunchies, slivered almonds, mandarin oranges, and a variety of really awesome leaves.  The dressing is exquisite too! I'm concentrating on the details of the salad, because it doesn't seem to get the attention it deserves in other reviews.. but as my love affair with salads grows deeper, and more serious, this may be the salad in which I judge all others against  Along with all of their other WOO HOO yay plates, if you're there while they've got Spam Masubi on the counter, GRAB IT. Or three.. I never knew SPAM could taste soooo amazing. Restaurants like Aloha Kitchen are a huge part of what I love about living in the Phoenix Area: Honest, amazing, affordable food that's served by independent establishments.
OH AND: Their seafood anythings are also SO GREAT! They are also masters at the art of fried foods. Woot!
Oh yea finally! I have heard about this place for quite some time, and finally made my way there. The food was FANTASTIC! I had manapua which was the best I've had since living in Hawaii. I also had the Bulkogi and Teriyaki Chicken combination plate with the potato mac salad. Excellent! 

The atmosphere is low key and friendly and prices are reasonable. 

Which is why I made my back a few days later after my first visit. 
This time I got the chicken long rice. They only serve this dish 2 days a week, Saturday is one of them. It was a bit salty for my taste (I don't eat much salt) but other than that it was very good. 

The best island food around!
Love this place. Friendly workers, food always tastes fresh and excellent portion sides. I recommend the potato salad. Especially love the Bulkogi Plate!
Aloha oe!  

Had time to kill while running errands in Phoenix today so decided to pop in to Aloha Kitchen.  A little out of my way but so worth it.

Enjoyed the charbroiled chicken teriyaki "mini" plate .. only one scoop of rice, the killer wicked potato mac salad and a smaller portion of teriyaki chicken.  Nice Char flavor on the chicken although I found the sauce rather sweet for my taste.  The chicken is chopped up dark and white meat and I'm a white meat fan but I "suffered" through it!  FYI, the skin is on the chicken.  Wonderful sticky rice with teriyaki sauce on it.  But the potato macaroni salad is worth writing home (or Yelp) about.  Loved it in all its carb loaded goodness.

Service is slower than a typical fast food joint, but hey, if you've been to Hawaii, you can dig it. 

I'll go back and try more items on the menu.  I'd give the chicken teriyaki a 3 out of 5 (due to meat quality and skin still on) but the potato mac salad gets a 4.5.  Presentation,  my plate was too colorless to be super appetizing looking.  Overall a 3.5 but I'll go with a 3.
I'm not going to pretend to know what authentic Hawaiian food is supposed to taste like but my ex-boyfriend is from there and says this place is the real deal. He use to take me to eat here all the time and I loved it. So when I had a luau I knew I had to come here for some manapua and beef sticks. Aloha kitchen did not disappoint. I placed a large order of both and everything was delish and went smoothly.
This place is amazing, I love Hawaiian food. Everything is authenitc, fresh, and very tasty. The portions are good and always filled me up, and don't let my size fool you. I will bet money that I can eat more than you.
You order at the counter and then they will bring it to your table, or you get it to go. Next to the counter is a little case of exotic beverages, unfortunately I have never tried any of them.

My favorite things to get there were the teriyaki chicken with rice which is beyond delicious, and the manapua (I think that's how you spell it). The manapua is this strange, sweet-ish roll filled with pork and it is possibly one of the most amazing foods I have ever tried, and that's saying something!
This Place has amazing food!  I LOVED the Mac/Potato salad.  You get a lot of food for the money.  The place is clean, nothing fancy.  The staff is friendly.  I will be back!  YUMMY!!!!
I love that this place exists so close to my home ( about 7 miles away.)  I come here when I want to be transported to the simple, homey, delicious, what-you-see-is -what-you-get Hawaiian bbq joint.  With this comes healthy portions of fresh, delicious, and very authentic Hawaiian cuisine, always served with plenty of Aloha spirit.  The decor, like the entire experience there, is simple and unpretentious.  You walk in and order your food at the counter, then walk to the left and grab your cups, pitcher, and plasticware... just like at the places on the islands where you would find similar delectable delights.  The staff is always friendly, and I hope that the following story relates both this and the priority that Aloha Kitchen places on freshness and authenticity:

I came here to eat with my lovely wife one weekend, and ordered the saimin (ramen), but they were out.  No worries... we were happy to order other delicious choices that day, but our Saimin jones had not yet been appeased, so we returned the next day.  When we were informed that they were still out, and that the shipment of saimin noodles would not arrive until later in the week., I (hopefully) politely asked just out of curiosity why one would have to wait days for a shipment of ramen, when it was likely available locally?  They let me know that while they value sourcing some products locally, certain ingredients (including the saimin..who knew?) needed to come from Hawaii to meet their standards of authenticity and freshness, and expressed apology that they could not provide what I wanted at that time.  Shortly thereafter, the owner came out to us and asked us if we like Ono (Wahoo), to which we replied with an enthusiastic "Yes!"  He then provided us with a large, delicious, and complimentary preparation of fresh Ono, which by the way was not on the menu, made sure that we were happy (not a problem), and had a nice conversation with us.  This is also typical of the down-to earth atmosphere and experience that keeps us coming back here frequently.  (though it is mostly the food ;o) )
Have you ever had their wings here??? It's a must. Some may say it's a little sweet, but it has the sweet and tangy mixture fried to perfection. I LOVE their wings. (it's their special sauce ;) ) 

We also had the salmon platter, which was ok. Standard. I liked the macaroni salad. I always enjoy that here. 

They say they don't sell the manapau (sp? - char sui bao/sweet pork bun) on Sundays, but we asked, and they had it and made it for us. I remember it being a little better before, but maybe because we didn't eat it right away... it got a little hard and wasn't as good as I remembered. Oh well, lesson learned - eat the pau right when it comes out - hot and fresh. 

Employee at the counter was very friendly. I was with a big group and she was very accommodating. It's a nice simple, casual place to eat. Good for a laid back place. Homey feel. Me likes!
I happened upon Aloha Kitchen on my last visit to Phoenix. The food was authentic and perfect. I grew up in Hawaii and was transported back to the islands and my childhood. On my fortieth birthday, it was the perfect evening. 

The saimin, char sui bao, and the teriyaki chicken were great. I wouldn't recommend the haupia pie as authentic which is a good thing for the locals. When done exceptionally well, it is addictive. 

I will eat here during each and every visit to the area.
When I was a REALLY little kid, my family used to get take-out from here all the time. Then 15 years ago, I became a vegetarian, some other stuff happened and for some reason we just stopped going. Had nothing to do with the establishment I suppose, other than that there were a few closer options for take-out and we didn't go out all that often. I remember distinctly that the Manapua was my absolute favorite thing here as well as eating their rice covered in their teriyaki sauce.

Now, 15 years later, I eat chicken and fish again...and one of my first cravings upon visiting my hometown was to come back and try this place again. Finally got to go recently, and I'm hooked. 

Everything here is delicious. Really, you can't go wrong. I ordered a combo (number 4 i think?) which was teriyaki chicken and bulkogi combo, which comes with salad and rice and an orange wedge. The bulkogi is a pretty awesome breaded fried chicken thing that comes with a unique tangy BBQ sauce. Delicious. The teriyaki chicken is fantastic. It is the epitome of what teriyaki chicken should be, with a distinct hawaiian flare. There are sometimes a few, lets call them "less than desirable" cuts of chicken in there, but it hardly matters when you're scarfing it down like I was.

The rice brought me back, and surprisingly, so did the salad. The salad has, well, I dont know what kind of dressing on it but its delicious. I hadn't at all thought about it before coming, but when I tasted it I was instantly transported back to my childhood.

The only "bad" thing Id say about this restaurant is that its really almost better to get it to-go. There is absolutely no added benefit, taste or temperature-wise, atmospherically or otherwise to dining in. In fact the to-go containers seem to keep your teriyaki sauce out of your salad a bit better than the styrofoam plates you get in-store. The environment inside is very back-to-basics, no frills. I have no problem with that at all, but given the option, I think Id rather get the food to-go and just eat at home while watching a movie or something.

Anyway, this is really very good food, and probably the best hawaiian food in Phoenix--at least as far as I know. A definite keeper and locale to frequent when Im in town.
Ono!  Love the Hawaiian plate and Chicken Katsu!   Our new favorite in Arizona!   No need to go home to Hawaii any more (ok, ohana is one good reason).
Large portions!
We eat here several times a year. All of the main dishes are excellent. The dining experience leaves something to be desired, though - plastic forks and Styrofoam bowls are awkward to eat with, and there is not much atmosphere. But the food is great.
AaaalooooHa!  Five star best Hawaiian food right next door to the BEST Pizza (see my Nello's review) in Metro Phoenix!

All in all I first visited the Aloha kitchen next to Nello's as I was craving and on the hunt for some juicy Kalua Pig:  A very tender Hawaiian specialty slow cooked pork normally in an underground pit over coals for at least 5 hours or more! It's got that slightly addictive smoked tast.

Many years ago, On a Saturday I happened by and ordered the Hawaiian Combo plate Kalua with Laulau and was hooked on the first bite!  Yes lurred in by Kalua and hooked with the Laulau line. I was not disappointed and have been coming back for more ever since:). Remember not to wait and phone call ahead for the Laulau is limited and extremely popular, many times selling out in early afternoon on Saturdays only!

SPECIALS:

Hawaiian Plate (Wed. & Sat.) $8.95
Kalua Pig with cabbage, Lomi Salmon and Chicken Long Rice
Laulau Plate (Sat. Only) $8.95
Pork Laulau, Lomi Salmon and Chicken Long Rice

The Salmon and tomato with onion salsa is awesome. This is a kid friendly place and very large portions, that gives them FIVE Stars for value. My wife gets the Aloha plates: She likes the Teriyaki Chicken and loves their Salads.

ALOHA PLATES:

All plates served island-style with 2 scoops steamed rice and choice of macaroni-potato salad or tossed green salad with creamy tropic salad dressing.
**Special portion for light appetites.
**MINI Plate
Plate
Bulkogi Plate 
$4.95
$8.95
Thinly sliced ribeye beef marinated in Korean barbecue sauce, charbrolied & 
served on a bed of cabbage.
Teriyaki Chicken Plate
$4.50 $7.50
Charbroiled boneless chicken marinated in special island teriyaki sauce,
served on a bed of cabbage

SALADS:

Chinese Chicken Salad $7.95
Strips of charbroiled chicken over lettuce, garnished with green onion, cilantro, mandarine oranges and sliced almonds, served with island-style tangy oil and rice vinegar dressing.
Saimin Salad $7.50
Chilled island-style noodles over lettuce, garnished with green onion, cucumber, Japanese fishcake and Chinese barbecue pork; served with special oriental sesame dressing.

Hope you enjoy the Aloha Kitchen I could not review Nello's without mentioning this hidden secret:P
Well, wish I could say this place was top notch, as the service was good. The Manapua was very tasty as was the Macaroni salad. The chicken katsu was unfortunately the worst I've had in the valley. The Bulkogi beef was okay but nothing special. One thing that should be mentioned is they only serve dark meat and white meat mixed chicken in their chicken dishes, and white meat only is not even an option. So if you are pretty much white meat only person like me this place is pretty much a no go.
My family has been coming here since I was a little girl. For over 20 years now...

Ray, the owner, feels like a family member. I love that he chats it up with his customers. The guy is hilarious and makes you feel like a valued customer.

On to the food...did I mention I've been coming here for at least 20 years? I have had EVERYTHING on the menu and LOVE it all! It is authentic and delicious. I lived in Hawaii for a few years after college and whenever I'm missing the islands I head over to Aloha for some ono kine grindz :)

Simple place, casual, no frills. Classic plate lunch style. 

The best Hawaiian food in AZ, no question. You need to go.
always great Hawaiian food.
Awesome hawaiian local food. The best I've had in Arizona. Just like being on the Islands.  They need to make Loco Moco!
The atmosphere is kinda awkward, but their food is great. Their mac salad is really good, I wish they would use a little less Mayo. Don't get me wrong I eat every last bite! 

The only thing that is annoying about this place is that they have this sign that says they accept visa but they prefer cash because they are a small business & so on & so on. It makes me feel bad when I use my card here. For that reason I have to pass this place up A LOT because I never have cash! Its either your going to accept cards or not. & for me that sign just tells me to not come here w/out cash.
Strip mall, family owned casual quick serve. Exactly what you would expect for the 'environment' of this restaurant. 
What you might not expect is the flavor!  Excellent dish - mix plate with Bulkogi and Teriyaki Chicken. Absolutely fantastic!
As an expat Hawaii guy, my family still loves "plate lunch" kind of foods.  So although Aloha Kitchen does not have great food, it normally is a relatively decent and passable place for us to pick up some plates when we are craving plate lunches and are too lazy to cook ourselves.  But in my opinion, this place is slowly getting worse.  The slight price increases are understandable and that is not the problem.  The problem is that they hire all these young kids who are sometimes more interested in farting around than paying attention to business.  

So yesterday my wife and  daughter wanted plate lunch stuff so they called in the order and called me at work to go pick the food up.  My wife warned me that I should open each box to make absolutely sure that the order was correct, since the last three times they screwed something up.  So when I got there, the food was ready and already all packed up.  I wanted to check the boxes, but the girl said the order was all there and read the order back to me.  Since she said the order was all there, I took her word for it and took the boxes home.  Upon getting home, my wife opened up the boxes and two out of four of the boxes were wrong.  Yeah, the entrees were seemingly correct, but the salads and sides were all wrong.  Boy did my ass get chewed by my wife for being so stupid for trusting  those young dufess kids!!

Further, my wife ordered the hot wings for her meal and the wings were not hot wings -- they were more like honey glazed wings and my wife said that they either changed the recipe or made a mistake.  My daughter ordered the bulgoghi, and that order was correct but apparently the meat was over-soaked in the soy marinade and it was super salty, super dark, and the meat was disintegrating due to being marinated for too long.  The order for teri-chicken was OK, but the order for fried saimin was disappointing.  The menu and the history of this dish at this place (like 25+ years) says that one of the condiments on the noodles is slivered char siu (sweet red roast pork).  But there was no char siu in the dish, only slivered, old, left-over, over-marinated bulgoghi....maybe that is why our bulgoghi meal was not very good -- they had a lot of old, leftover, over-marinated meat so they gave it to us and used some of it on the fried saimin.

There have been many competitors to Aloha Kitchen open Hawaiian style plate lunch places but most, if not all of them have gone under.  But as a plate lunch expert and aficionado, I can tell you that a good plate lunch place will be a gold mine here.  Not only expat Hawaiians and lovers of plate lunch foods, but even the other people will love those kind of menu items.  The problem with the other places and Aloha Kitchen as well, is that the food is not that good, and the menu choices are not typical of authentic plate lunch choices.  I understand the issue of cost control and menu standardization, but menu choices can be increased by  changing the menu for different days of the week, or, having a new special of the day each day.

Oh well, what do I know?  I have only run about 30 large corporations and small businesses successfully, so my ideas and opinions must be worthless!
love love love the mixed plate #3!
I haven't tried Hawaiian cuisine since I first went to Aloha Kitchen, but I have after, and I must say, this is the best Hawaiian food I have ever tasted. Try one of the combos, I like Mix Plate 3 and 4. They have really good macaroni salad that I usually get with the combo as well.
Hands down, most delicious Hawaiian food I've had since moving to The Phoenix area. I have dreams about the macaroni/potato salad.
Ordered the Laulau plate and my wife had the katsu.  We left there disappointed.  The food was so-so at best and for the price, felt the portion size could have been a little bit bigger.  Another red flag(for me personally) was seeing high school aged kids running the kitchen and the counter.  So with that being said, 2 stars.
Sorry AK, maybe I was just grumpy that day since I hadn't eaten for a gazillion hours....c'mon, I'm not the only one who goes all Beast Mode when hungry, right?...but the food here just did not hit the spot for our Hawaiian food craving. Let me start by saying the place itself looks like a legit Hawaiian restaurant with it's low key vibe and simple style. The menu has a lot of choices which is great. I, for one, have a go to meal plan when I nom Hawaiian style which includes chicken katsu and mac salad, of course. The food did not taste bad in any way...it just wasn't my style. The Katsu was thin, dry and chewy and the sauce was the tangier kind vs. the sweeter kind that I like. The mac salad was okay but the more I ate the less I liked it...when normally I order an extra side of mac salad to devour with my meal. Again, I may have just been grumpy gal that day but I still find myself craving my Hawaiian spot in the OC.
I've never been disappointed with Aloha Kitchen...well, other than showing up on a Monday ready for lunch and then remembering they are closed on Mondays. My personal favorite is the Mix 1 plate...lightly battered fried mild white fish, teriyaki chicken, rice and salad. Time to update the decor though, been the same for a couple decades now.
Not Good. Lived in Hawaii for 3 yrs. Ate my fair share of plate lunches. Not at all what I expected. First of all, a plate lunch needs good mac salad. This mac tasted like KFC potato salad, (yes.it had potatoes in it). I had the teriyaki chicken. It was a bunch of dried out, day old, chopped up chicken, soaked in some bad costco teriyaki sauce. I can't believe I drove all the way out there for that. 

Love Ono's and L&L. Don't think I'll be taking another chance on Aloha.
Being born and raised in Hawaii this place isn't so great.   The only items that are good are the saimin, fried saimin, and the guava cake.  Everything else is pretty horrible including the spam musubi! They don't even cook the spam, it's like they sliced it out of can and placed it in the musubi mold. If you want real hawaiian food head over to Paradise Hawaiian BBQ at ASU!! They even serve meat jun there.
Never once have I ever been disappointed. I'm going to have to say this place is 1st ranked for me when it comes to authentic Hawaiian food in AZ. Their mac is delicious, the meat is never dry and always full of flavor. 

My two personal favorites are the teriyaki chicken or beef and the bulkogi! Bulkogi means "fire meat" in Korean. It's grilled and marinated is yummy sauces. Definitely give it a try if you're in the Mesa area- you will not be disappointed!
Food and environment here are amazing! I'm from out of town, but I would eat here everyday if they had one close to me.  The island hot wings are my personal favorite.
From the outside, and even in, you would never know what to expect. Minimal decor, food is served on styrofoam plates, plastic silverware, not a large menu. None of this matters. The food is delicious. I had the bulkogi and teriyaki plate. It came with a choice of salad or macaroni potato salad, and served with rice. The meat was flavorful and the sauce was excellent. I inhaled everything and was tempted to order more. There's a reason they've been around for twenty some years.
Aloha Kitchen is damn good Hawaiian. After mourning the loss of my favorite Hawaiian haunt in Tempe, my wife suggested we try Aloha Kitchen. They've been there forever, but I hadn't ever made it over.

They're fantastic. Great teriyaki chicken: perfect tender and fresh and a great sauce, great macaroni/potato salad (the combo is nicely balanced, and no celery or relish, which are dealbreakers for me). They also whip up some mean bulkogi and have a great kalbi special pretty often. 

Overall, they're exceptionally tasty, well-priced, and even the mini plates are more than enough food for me, and I can put away a lot of food.
This place has been around for quite a long time.  The food is delicious.  I highly recommend the beef bulkogi.  The rice and teriyaki sauce is also good as is the macaroni/potato salad.  The manapua are popular with my kids but they mostly eat the doughy outside and leave the pork chunks in the middle on their plate.

The prices are really good and I like that they have free water and lemons sitting out on the counter.

The only icky part is that the walls are really dirty.  You sit at a table and there is splattering of food and other debris on the wall right next to you.
Best Hawaiian food on the planet!! Except maybe in Hawaii, but you get my drift. I love everything here! Bulgogi and Potato Mac salad!! Yum!!
So good...feels like your in Hawaii n food is amazing
Owner was a great guy...gave me a free BBQ pork bun just to let me try! Food was delicious!!
I've been looking for a good Hawaiian place since I'm from the islands. I looked online and it had decent reviews. We decided to go about an hour before closing for take out. I ordered the katsu and teri chx mix with mac salad and she ordered the teri beef and chx mix with mac salad. We took it home right away and ate. My plate was ok, not what I was used to. The katsu sauce was more like cocktail sauce and the mac salad had potatoes in it. Her teri beef was very dry.  About 2 hours later we both started feeling queasy. I was up all night in the bathroom with FOOD POISONING. Idk if it was the mac salad or the katsu bc I was way worse than she was. Never again will I eat here and I'm going to contact the management. It shouldn't matter if its the first order of the day or last of the night. Quality should be consistent.
I love coming to Aloha on my lunch break! The food is excellent I love the combo with the katsu chicken and teryiaki chicken. Its big enough that I can take some leftovers to my 3 year old who also loves this place! Its fast, good cheap and service is good!
I came to Aloha Kitchen on two occasions.  The first was about 20 mins before they closed on a Saturday night.. Sadly the young man turned me away. He said that they have run out of food for the night, and that they were closing. No problem ill just have to come earlier next time. 
I called in an order about a week later, I asked for the most popular dish on the menu.  Bulkgori beef I think it was call (bad spelling sorry!) with a side of macaroni salad.. I also told him is like a side dish. I asked again what was the most popular- he replied another beef side and a few others but said sadly they had run out for the day. I settled for the fried wontons and sweet and sour. 
I arrive the chef had just put up my to go box in the window next to a plate for one of the guest that was dinning in. The guy at the counter opened and check the box and said something to chef about an order that wasn't right with the plate he had put up next to my box of food. He closed the box and left it in the window, waiting for the wontons. I paid and guy at the counter, he turned around and put the two boxes in a bag and handed them to me.. Oh BTW I had a 2 year old in tow on one of my hips. 
He handed me the bag and I left. For home and my order was wrong.. WTF
Thinking back I realized the guy at the counter was pointing out in fact my order had been switch with the food on the plate and he still gave me the plate.. No macaroni salad.. Just a plain soggy salad.. With a terrible ketchup dressing. The beef dish however was marinated in a very flavorful sauce. But defiantly not worth the 9 dollars for the dish.. Also had the wontons that were left in the deep drier to long.. They taste okay. I smothered then in the sweet an sour.. Ahh much better 
All and all I have these guys 3 stars. Probably will not come back.. But they have sparked my interest for Hawaiian food.
Best stateside Hawaiian meal since visiting Maui. Brought back memories of Aloha Mixed Plate (AMP).
I grew up in Hawaii, but I've lived in the Phoenix area for over 10 years. I had heard of Aloha Kitchen's existence and it was on my to-do list for a long time. I went today and was disappointed. Beef was mediocre at best- very salty and swimming in a syrupy teriyaki goop. Wife wouldn't eat the rice as it, too, was slimed by the awful goop. Chicken katsu and katsu sauce was OK. Aloha Kitchen is what I'd call a zombie restaurant: the living dead. The "blech" food and the dated, worn decor tells me that the owner(s) stopped caring a long time ago. 

I won't be returning to Aloha Kitchen. Maybe it's time for them to say "aloha", as in "goodbye". 

Thankfully, we have Ono Hawaiian BBQ in town. Tasty and consistent.
Great food. Awesome wings!
It was ok, coming from hawaii i've had my share of plate lunches I mean I eat that regularly for lunch, but I heard about aloha kitchen I was pretty excited.  I had there katsu which I was kind of disappointed, because it was so dry.  I can't see how people would think there food is great, it's ok, i'm surprised their mac salad was good. I've gone their a few times just to try out other foods, but what can I say, it was ok, LnL portions alot better and tastier for me, but to each his own i guesss...Aloha, Aloha Kitchen, not eating there anytime soon
My husband and I tried this place a week or two ago and LOVED IT! Everyone was nice and it was busier than we thought. Didn't take long to get our food. AHHH ITS SO GOOD!
Order the "mini plates", it's more than enough food. Save money!!
Small mum and pop business that's been in the east valley for over 25 years.

The price and meal portions have been on point.
Aside from their usual menu, they also offer "Specials" for the day. 
Service is prompt, and warm... Yes, with the aloha vibe.
Food? Let's just say we have yet to eat something we do not like! ^_^

Just remember, it's very busy during lunch and most dinner hours. So be patient if you are in there round those times. Alooooooha! 

Xx
Love the food. Went on a whim to try something different, can't stop going back. It clean, they are super nice and the food is much for not much $. The manupa everyone talks of is the best!
I was finally able to drop in Aloha Kitchen today with my daughter and her Hawaiian boyfriend and we weren't disappointed. 

The restaurant is little more than a little cafe but we went for the food, not ambiance. After perusing the menu over, I decided to get a mixed plate, which had Bulgolgi (they called it Bulkolgi), chicken katsu, sweet rice and choice of salad. I wanted to try the 'creamy tropical salad dressing' on the green salad, so my daughter and her beau went with the macaroni and potato salad. She ordered the charbroiled salmon but he, being Hawaiian, had to custom order and made a custom mixed plate of teriyaki chicken and J. R. Special. AK happily complied. 

Our lunches arrived in 12 minutes, hot from the fryer/char grill/flattop. The plates were literally overflowing with food. My katsu and Bulgolgi were excellent. The katsu was crunchy on the outside but oh so tender on the inside. I was worried that my Bulgolgi would be dry but it was tender and juicy as could be. The sweet rice was, well, sweet rice but good! I tried the entrees from the other plates and they were outstanding as well. 

The Mac/potato salad was good but the green salad was just so so. 

The owner stopped by our table to ask about our meals and we offered him a seat so he could tell us about the prep. AK makes all of their marinades, sauces and garnishes by hand. The only bottled products are the condiments offered at the condiment station, plus the soft drinks.

He stopped by later as we were finishing to check on our satisfaction. For those who gave negative feedback for service, I think AK has been listening. 

We will definitely return but with bigger appetites. Had to leave half my rice behind :-(
So good! I get the chicken katsu/beef bulkogi mix plate with macaroni potato salad and a Manapua. You will become a regular after the first try!
This place has been my favorite restaurant since I was a kid. Absolutely love the manapuas, the island wings and pretty much everything else. I hope this place never closes. In the fact they need to expand more throughout the valley.
My wife and I stopped in this weekend after reading some of the glowing reviews on YELP and we were very glad I did.  This place is not about the flash, but about the food. 

We ordered the Chinese Chicken Salad and a Mixed plate and split them both (which was perfect as the entree was way too much for one person).  The food was fresh and delicious and we will be heading back soon to try more of the menu.
Drab location in an unassuming strip mall. Bathroom was so dirty. Service was mediocre at best! We had teriyaki chicken, katsu, and fish. The fish tasted like egg. The chicken was really good. The salad was a store bought bagged salad with thousand island dressing. Katsu was decent.
We came here just for the guava cake!! It was very good. I asked my boyfriend to get it for me on my birthday. Such a unique flavor for a cake. I'll be back to try their food.
The food is delicious enough to eat every last bite of the large portions. Can't get enough!
The best Hawaiian food in phoenix. We go about 2 to 3 times a month. I always am impressed with how nice the young kid at the register is. I always get the special and have left overs for lunch. Thanks for the good food.
Tiny little restaurant tucked into the corner of a not-so-busy strip mall. It's a little difficult to see from the street.

The decor is awful, and is in need of a serious makeover. Super friendly service both over the phone and right when you walk in.

I probably go here once a month. The chicken teriyaki/Katsu plate tastes good, but I get those chewy pieces of chicken (I call them chicken boogers) in my plate every time.  Fish has been a bit bready for my liking They definitely give you a pretty good serving size, because I always have food left over.....I'm a big eater too!

Coconut shrimp is not made here as I've seen them take a bag from their freezer and cook it. I'm sure (although I'm crossing my fingers it isn't true), that the other food may be cooked the same way. Very disappointing to see that.

If everything was made from scratch here, this place would've gotten 5 stars.
Incredible! Absolutely amazing experience here. My boyfriend is from Hawaii and he was in heaven after the first bite. Everything smelled amazing and tasted even better. I can't wait to come back next week for poki.
Amazing!! I'm from Kaua'i, born and raised. Have lived on the mainland for 15 years now and have never found such an authentic Hawaiian eatery. Everything from the simple atmosphere, to the owners and staff. And the food. My god the food. The laulau is as good as any I've had back home. Lomilomi salmon, amazing. Kalua pork, katsu. Saimin. And the freaking manapua. This is the ONLY place in AZ to get the real deal Hawaiian food. Can't believe it's taken me so long to find it.
You would only go to this place for the food, as the ambience and decor is non existent. But the food is worth checking out if you are looking for something different. We were in town for a house hunting trip and I found this place on Yelp. We visited on a Saturday night fairly early around 6pm.

When I went to Hawaii many, many years ago, I fell in love with Lau Lau which is a chunk of pork steamed with spinach in a banana leaf. Aloha Kitchen had these as part of a special that night which also came with kalua pork, saimen noodles, rice, and lomi salmon (salmon sashimi salad with tomatoes). This was a huge dish and could have fed both my husband and I. All of that food was only like $10! I am not an expert on Hawaiian food but it was very tasty. My husband had the other special which was teriyaki chicken and coconut shrimp. He was very happy with his dish as well. 

This place is a great bargain. We were on a per diem and for under $25 we were both WELL FED as the portions are very generous here. All of the food is served on/with disposable plates and utensils. But don't let that turn you off, the food is worth trying out.
By far the best place in AZ for Hawaiian food. The staff was friendly, easy to order and you know it's fresh when it takes awhile to get the food. Hit up this place before noon because it gets busy when everyone arrives there for lunch.
I grew up in Ewa Beach, HI so it's always nice to find good Hawaiian food. We've heard this was a great place if you're craving Hawaiian cuisine. Kahlua pork and Laulau tastes great! BBQ is great too! Will be back!
this place is tucked in a corner of what one might think is an abandoned strip mall at first glance. unless you are searching for this place you would probably drive by it every other time without a thought. Now the food however is worth the stop. i love Hawaiian food and this place makes damn tasty food. asides from the aesthetics of the location and the overall decor, my one major problem with the place was that they had no spam on their menu. no army base stew, no musubi, no spamwich, not even a basic hot Hawaiian breakfast. i mean come on! other than that, worth a stop just for the food experience and i would go back because its hard to find good authentic un-western influenced foods in arizona.
My friends and I had lunch here today.  It was exactly what other Yelpers described... Nothing fancy about the decor but the food was good and the staff extremely nice and helpful. We ordered wontons as an app and should have gotten 2 orders.  Entrees were Bulkogi, which was tender and flavorful, JRs chicken, similar to a spicy sesame chicken, teriyaki chicken, no surprises and chicken katsu, sauce was good but don't fry it in the same oil as the fish items.
We all decided it was worth coming back and would be even more excited if they delivered!
I love this place.  Small hole in the wall type of Hawaiian place with the best food!  They serve a lot of it as well.  I can't get enough of the potato/mac salad and love the coconut shrimp.  Warning Saturdays are BUSY!! however, more authentic Hawaiian food.  If you get there early enough you can get Spam Musabi.  The Manapua seems to be a favorite, especially with the kids.  Super friendly people work here.  The decor is not much to look at but the place is clean.  Makes you feel like your in Hawaii!  Minus the tropical breezes, wonderful beaches and cooler temps.
This place is a little hidden gem!  I have come to eat here a handful of times in the last few years of living out in the East Valley, however, I do not come as much as I should.  This weekend, I had my step-daughter, Kenzie and my daughter Riley with me. So we went on a food adventure as we often do when we have free time.  I ordered the special of the day (Saturday) Ahi poke and a side of pork laulau.  Ahi poke was seasoned well and had an oyster sauce type of marinade, green onions, onion slices and tomatoes. I can only eat so much oyster sauce in one sitting, I don't care if I am Asian or not- there are still some flavors Asian people don't like. LOL  The pork laulau is the real reason I came because they only offer it on Saturday. It does not look appetizing but once you get the taste of the pork it really does just melt in your mouth.  Kenzie couldn't stop eating it.  The baby on the other hand would rather eat some pepperoni's- she doesn't know what she is missing yet. Too bad today is Monday and they are closed, otherwise I would be coming for lunch today.
I really love this place...there really is no better Hawaiian food in AZ.  I ordered to go.   First,  everyone is so friendly,  The girl at the counter was very good about answering menu questions,  and brought me my take out instead of just yelling my name.   I had the mix plate #1, which mixes 2 battered fish filet and teriyaki chicken.   The chicken is dark meat,  cooked on the flame broiler then sliced and coated with a thick teriyaki sauce.... Yummy! The fish was lightly battered and perfectly deep fried... Moist and tender.   And of course,  you have to order the Potato Mac for your side,  you won't regret it.   I also had a spam roll... Yes,  a sushi style spam roll.   It was only $1.50, but it's certainly not one of the best things I've eaten there,  I just couldn't get into the taste of seaweed and spam together. Oh well,  I had to try it.   Over all,  another great experience.   I can wait to go back on Saturday... I'm craving a laulau plate!
We are going to play a little game called "Whats the most important part of a plate lunch"....any answers? No? I will tell you, It is the rice. Yes, the rice. People like me, who are from Hawaii (Maui) to be specific do not even consider food without rice a meal. So imagine my disappointment when opening my plate lunch and seeing the travesty that was under my kalua pig...it was closer to mochi then it was to rice. Other than that everything was awesome.....it would of been amazeballs if the rice was right.
Use to live in Phoenix while going there for school and work.  Came back this past week and the food was great as usual.  I also brought a friend who's never tried Hawaiian food and loved the mac/potato salad, katsu bulgogi plate.  Keep up the great work guys and Mahalo.
I came here with some friends the other day and I was pretty skeptical because there was nobody in the restaurant, but i was pretty impressed. I got the Chicken Katsu and it was SO GOOD. Our food came out pretty quickly and the Mac was to die for! I always love Hawaiian BBQ and this might be my new go to place. I also got a mini and it was plenty of food for me. I think a regular sized meal might be enough for two people to share or to have leftovers for another meal!
If you want very, very good "local" food, this is the place to go. Located in an easy to miss strip mall, this is no 'upscale' establishment. It doesn't need it. The food is superb. I have eaten here numerous times and tried just about everything on the menu. One must have: manapua. They are melt in your mouth good! Their teri-chicken is flavorful and always comes with "2 scoop" rice. You will not go hungry here. Even their "mini" plates are plentiful.

If you come on a lucky day, get the haupia (coconut pudding/cake). 

Perfect for a lowkey, great meal, any day of the week!
I love this place!  Been coming here since 2000 when I moved here from Hawaii.  Whenever I need my comfort food I order the fried saimin. It's the best! But today I tried the hot wings and I'm upset I haven't ordered them before because they're so ono! A little sweet with some spiciness to it. And still crispy too.  I highly recommend!
Aloha Kitchen - a true "Hole in the wall" or "mom & pop" type of place. I've driven past this place many times and always said I wanted to give it a shot. Finally I did with my g/f and it was a joy. The ambiance is very chill and relax. But you come here when you want to eat good food. Good comfort Hawaiian with a bit of Asian flare.

The mix plate combos are the winners here. I guarantee you won't leave the place hungry. So are the specials. 
The Manapua or pork buns(Sipao) are me and my g/f's favorite appetizers. In fact during Saturdays, if me and my g/f are out n' about and we want to get something to snack on, we get the Manapua and some Spam misubi. LOVE IT! We both love spam  misubi and the way it's done here...Awesome.

If you are in the neighborhood and want to get a great meal with a very low key and simple place, come to Aloha. Parking maybe tight since it's a very small strip but again...you come for the food.
Aww Damn! This place....how did this one get by me for so long. The food here is fantastic portions are huge and service is wonderful. Had the beef and teriyaki chicken combo and it was ..... There has to be a better word than delicious it was superb. Live on west side and this is one trip that's worth the drive. Definitely one of my new favorites, it's refreshing to see a mom and pop business succeed..... Awww Damn!
OK,
Just HOW DID I SCREW THIS UP!?

One of my all-time favorites here in Arizona-land and I don't have a review on this place?

Say What?

With that said, let's get to it shall we? This is definitely a long time in coming!

One word here:  Fantastic!

Look, I lived in the state of Hawaii for a few years.  After moving from paradise, back here to the mainland, I missed the food sooo much.  While I now live in AZ, I found this little hole in a wall called Aloha Kitchen.  Look, this isn't the place where you're gonna take a hot date, unless she's from Hawaii herself, but if you want real authentic Hawaiian type food, with a tad of Hawaiian atmosphere thrown in, please do yourself a favor and stop on by.  You won't be disappointed.

My favorite here, and I'm addicted to it, is their Teriyaki Chicken.  Simple, no fuss no muss.

It's a great place for a quick lunch or even a simple dinner.

If and when I ever move from Arizona, I'll certainly miss the food and people of Aloha Kitchen.

Rant Out,
Mahalo!
I have no idea where the boyfriend found this place but he suggested for us to go here and we all loved it! 

I had the bulgogi and katsu combo and I loved the katsu. It came out hot and crispy. Bulgogi was okay because I was expecting it to be Korean flavored but it wasn't so it threw me off a little. I would go for the teriyaki next time instead because my boyfriend had that and it was amaze-balls  

All in all, we all enjoyed it and would definitely come back. The service was good and it didn't bother me that the decor was non existent but just wish the place was a little bigger because with all the tables, I felt a little cramped.
If it wasn't 110 degrees outside i wouldn't know I was in Arizona. This place reminded me exactly of a spot I went to in Honolulu. Food was perfect, atmosphere is laid back as expected, and the price was on par with the experience.
Stopped in for lunch on Saturday and this was the first time here. Service was excellent! Informative and helpful. We ordered the 2 specials to go and were out the door in 15 minutes.  The food was excellent. We had the lau lau and Hawaiian plates.  I was skeptical of the cabbage side dish but it was so full of flavor! Very nice surprise for a hole in the wall place inthe neighborhood.
This is my trusty dive when I'm in the mood for a $4 rice bowl.  They do it right and do it cheap here in this strip mall joint - and they even have a Hawaiian-style straw hut in the middle of the restaurant, which sadly enough don't come with surfers or hula dancers.  

I usually order the Tahiti or the Fiji bowls - both of which are pork teriyaki - but one is spicier than the other and comes with jalapeno peppers.   And while a typical spicy rice bowl can grow hair on one's chest - it's not as spicy as the stuff at Chino Bandido.  But this place is alright.  Service is always very friendly and quicker than other nearby places.

I wouldn't go out of my way for this or anything.  But if you're up in the Northwest Valley and have extra time you might as well just keep driving east to Chino Bandido for the REAL spicy rice bowls.
In searching for more places to eat lunch on the north side of town, we came across Island Teriyaki.  It's an unassuming strip mall joint with a pretty straight forward menu.  Nothing terribly fancy, but it hits the spot every time.  Never seems to be overly crowded, I go with the Oahu rice bowl.  With the buy 6 bowls get 1 free promo I will be frequenting this place more and more, and may try something new along the way.
Nothing crazy here. The Fiji-Oahu on brown rice is what I always get. High quality food with no frills. Wouldn't die if I couldn't ever eat it again but I would be sad  that I would need to find another easy and inexpensive yet reliable meal.
I love this place! 
I used to come here every day on my lunch break in highschool
back when my pallette was a wee bit unrefined, since then i have grown up a bit and realize that there is more to asian cuisine than rice bowls
but thats not what this place is about, nor would i hold it against them
Island Teriyaki is a place where you can grab a tasty quick bite to eat for around $5 or so, everything is simple, to the point and delicious
and for that, it draws hungry west side fans from all around
you'd be hardpressed to find a better lunch option in the area
personal favorite: the japanese style curry w/ brwn rice
mmmm
xtra* for the beautiful girls they have behind the counter ^___^
Island Terrayki is a great place to eat at.  The owners are nice the prices are right you can't go wrong with that.  My coworkers and I have been going there for a few years now and we all love it.  Highly suggest eating here if you are in the northwest valley and want some good quality food.
Nondescript shopping centers sometimes hold the best secrets, and nestled between a dry cleaner and a nail salon is one of those secrets. I've been eating at Island Teriyaki since high school, and I know that it is still a diet staple for the local high school kids. 

Island has several menu options but the basic chicken and rice bowl is the best choice! Like Robert O. says, this is not the place for authentic Asian cuisine. Serving delicious food for very low prices, this is the place for a quick and tasty lunch. 

I would steer clear on early release days because the Deer Valley kids (and even the teachers) swarm Island like a plague of locusts.
For a quick bite to eat this is the place, it is inexpensive and filling. The staff is always super nice, and food is always good. Cant go wrong just wish they would open one in Surprise.
We called in a order to go at work the other day.  Holly big bowl of rice,  we all got the med and were surprised to see a huge bowl of brown rice with a pretty skimpy portion of chicken and Teriyaki sauce and that's it,  I got the combo bowl so I got some veggies and chicken and the veggies were pretty sad. Don't think we will order again it seemed such a waste when we all threw away all that leftover rice after we had eaten our meager little portion of chicken.  I will say everyone said the chicken was quite good.
What the hell is wrong with Glendale??? For the love of God raise your standards people, this place is absolute crap Teriyaki. It's the worst buffet quality food without the inconvenience of having to get up and get more. 

The food is not cooked to order which is the first problem, there is no way you can serve my giant bowl or rice and dried out chicken in less than 2 minutes unless this craptastic turd of a lunch is sitting in warming trays in the back. 

Lazy ass piss poor food. I, like Chuck S. hail from Seattle and this place would have been closed down inside of two months if they tried serving this festering fecal poopsicle excuse for food. Okay, it isn't THAT bad, but close. 


DO NOT EAT HERE IF YOU KNOW WHAT GOOD FOOD TASTES LIKE. 


Driving back to the house I notice another Yelp 4 star crap food joint in Glendale is closed down. Pie Zano's bit the dust and deservedly so. But again.... somehow Glendale gave these people a 4 star ??? I am loosing trust for Yelpers in Glendale.
The food was.....eh. 
I stopped by to grab dinner; and as a desperate vegan, this was the only place I could find near my parents' home.
The staff was super sweet and helpful though.
This is really neat restaurant ! They have all different kind of teriyaki menu. It looks like they prepare meal really clean. My favorite is Yaki soba it is noodle with teriyaki with different meat but the noodle is always cooked just right ! I like that
Love all their dishes!
Coming from Seattle I have had my fair share of Teriyaki and by no means does Arizona have a place even decent.  However this place is A-OK status and that is a far cry from lowly Samurai Sam's that everyone here thinks is great.  

I see some really bad reviews but on this experience my chicken was moist and there was the same proportion I would get if I was in Seattle.  I admit the sauce is just decent but I spice it up with Siracha anyways.  The rice was sticky and not dried out like other places as well.  The salad was very weak so I'll skip that next time but hey guess what at least there will be a next time.  :) 

Summary:
If your from a city with great Teriyaki it's not going to be up there but if Samurai Sam's is the best you have had give this spot a try.
Blows the roof off of local competitors in this type of food. I would go here at least three times a week if I lived closer. Great tasting and great for post workout.
Island Teriyaki is a no frills dive with less than authentic Japanese/Hawaiian food. However, my family has been coming here for the past probably fifteen years or so and I still crave it often! It has also been through several different owners in that time, but the service is always good and staff is very friendly. I always get the large Singapore (chicken curry) with salad. It is amazing curry! I love that they let you substitute brown rice for no extra fee too. My family's other favorites are the jerk chicken, fish tacos, beef, and shredded pork dishes. Recently, I noticed they have started adding new items like chow fun, orange chicken, and sweet and sour chicken. Not sure how good those are though. Don't expect anything fancy here, but it is a nice and cheap place for Asian food in Glendale.
Finally, a legit teriyaki joint on the Phoenix market.  Being from the Northwest, I am a teriyaki snob, but Island Teriyaki really came through for me.  Your choice of dark, white, jerk or curry chicken with a side salad and regular or spicy teriyaki sauce.  Worth the drive and will be back for sure.
My wife and I love this place. It's quick, somewhat healthy, and consistent. $15 for two of us.
I eat here several times a month while working. I love the spicy chicken ska Jamaica. The staff is always friendly and my experience is always good. If you are around the area and need a clean friendly and reliable place to go this is it.
3.5 stars

I'm a fan of Flamebroiler (do they have those in AZ?) so I'm trying to find a decent teriyaki bowl place close to me. I want to say rice bowls are for Asian/Indian people what sandwiches must be for White people lol; quick, cheap, tasty and a usually healthy meal. I think this place fits the bill! 

I got the cayman which is a combo of two of their items. I got the Fiji and Singapore curry. Fiji is like slow cooked chuck roast in teriyaki sauce, good but still a little tough. Singapore curry had chicken and carrots in like a Japanese curry (like the cubes you buy at the asian market) but with a hint of sourness. The meat (chicken) was stringy because it was also slow cooked, a texture I didn't care for.

Overall I enjoyed my meal and serving size was good, I couldn't finish my bowl.Price was cheap, 5 bucks! Even less if you get one item. I appreciate their unique menu, away from the typical chicken or beef drenched in teriyaki sauce, but its nothing mind blowing. Probably will be back since its so close to Midwestern, and so cheap! I'll update this review after I try some more items. Looking forward to trying their appetizer items, crab puffs and egg rolls.

10% discount for Midwestern students!
Large Fiji with veggies. 

I almost went to subway when I noticed a restaurant right next to it. I had always seen Island Teriyaki because it has been there forever but never ventured in. Now, I'm not one to really rate decor or atmosphere so let's just get straight to the food.

The Fiji is supposed to be a thin-sliced beef teriyaki on white rice. I got a more tamale/pot roast type of meat. However this didn't diminish or take away from the taste. I was surprised to find out there is a $1.70 charge to add veggies because in reality it tends to save the business money since usually they will then put less of the more expensive product: the meat. This had TONS of meat though! I was quite confused with the ball of lettuce and orange in the side portion corners. There was also some type of soy sauce based dressing. I put it all together and gave it a try and it wasn't that great. I wanted to focus more on that teriyaki! The teriyaki was quite good and the large portion definitely was enough to fill me up but seemed smaller than other typical large portions. The price seemed higher and the portions seemed smaller when compared to places like Genghis Grill, YC's Mongolian Grill, and even Samurai Sam's. I will be going back to give the chicken a try to really capture a review of the chicken teriyaki experience! 

PRO: Quick, friendly service. They automatically give you silverware, napkins, and extra sauce. Beef was tender and moist. 

CON: On the expensive side for a quick lunch option. High charge for veggies.  Didn't clearly advertise brown rice option. Some options not exactly as described in menu.
Very few plates with shrimp. . Small shrimp. ..  great people thought. ..  The rise noodles are soo good. ..  good prices for the food. . They do have a lot of chicken dishes that are pretty good. But I prefer shrimp over any other meet.
I've been going to Islands for over five years now and absolutely love the Oahu/Catalina combo! Great service, the employees always have a smile on their face. Price and quality is exceptional! Definitely recommend trying this place if you're in the mood for Teriyaki!
Its a very awesome place with great food and service . She changed the time from 11-6 to 11 - 8
Let me wipe the drool off of my chin real fast..

Small Fiji with brown rice, delicious!
Fish tacos, give me more!!
Small Jamaica, too spicy for me but my boyfriend can't get enough!
Large half Fiji/half Oahu and half white/brown rice with a small salad, PERFECT meal for two!

You cannot go wrong here!! Super fast and friendly, I've been coming here since I was a child (10 years)!!!
This is a little family owned restaurant that has killer Teriyaki Bowls. I eat here almost once a week and I have always had good food, good service, and they have never messed up a order. Everyone from the owner to the cook if friendly and actually talk to their customers.

I am a huge fan of the Oahu bowl, and if you are going to check this place out, I would suggest trying it out. The price is right and the place is clean. If you are in the area give it a shot!!!!
Love their chow fun !!! It tastes really good especially with beef.. Tried the shrimp and it didn't taste a good . Also you get midwestern discount along with a free soft drink ! Yay!! Love the lady there !
Got the O'ahu plates, the chicken and teriyaki sauce were excellent. However, my only complaint is a very limited menu. You may want to consider adding a few more choices, maybe appetizers like pitstickers. Also maybe some mac salad with the combo plates.
Delicious teriyaki. I have only have the Oahu so far and it was awesome! The chicken was cooked just right and the sauce was definitely made in-house. I will be back!
DA BESS' LOCAL KINE GRINDZ ON DA MAINLAND. Same owners as "Aloha Specialties" in The California hotel. Ono to say the least, they get pretty much anything you can think of that they would have at any Drive-Inn back home (Hawaii). cheap too! Check 'em out:


COMBINATION PLATES
Served with rice & Macaroni Salad. Mix any 2 pay highest price plus 50.
Ross Js Special, 8.50
Teriyaki Steak, Mahi, Spam, Fried Chicken
Mix Plate, 6.95
Teriyaki Steak, Chicken, Mahi
Teriyaki Combo, 6.95
Teriyaki Steak, Chicken, Pork Loin
Bento, 6.95
Teriyaki Steak, Spam, Chicken
Local, 6.95
2 Musubi, Teriyaki Beef, Teriyaki Chicken
Teriyaki Plates
Ribeye, 6.95
Butter Fish, 8.50
Roast Pork, 6.50
Burger Steak, 6.50
Chicken, 6.50

FAVORITES
Served with rice & Macaroni Salad. Mix any 2 pay highest price plus 50.
Beef Broccoli, 6.50
Beef Stir Fry, 6.50
Chicken Stir Fry, 6.50
Beef Stew, 6.50
Beef Tomato, 6.50
Chicken Katsu, 6.50
Chicken Cutlet, 6.50
Garlic Gravy Chicken, 6.50
Hamburger Katsu, 6.75
Hamburger Steak, 6.50
Kalua Pig & Cabbage, 6.75
Mahi Mahi, 6.95
Meat Jun, 6.95
Pork Cutlet, 6.95
Pork Tofu, 6.95
Roast Pork, 6.50
Spicy Korean Chicken, 6.75
Tonkatsu, 6.95

SANDWICHES
Cheeseburger, 3.75
Hamburger, 3.50
Mahi Mahi, 4.00
Teriyaki Burger, 3.50
Teriyaki Beef, 4.00
Teriyaki Chicken, 4.00
Spam & Egg, 3.50

BOWLS
Chicken, 3.25
Beef, 3.75
Spicy Korean Chicken, 3.50
Combo, 3.75
ADD TO ABOVE
Mixed Vegetable 75
Broccoli, 1.00
Mushroom Onion, 1.00

NOODLES
Saimen, Small, 3.75, Large 5.00
Won Ton Min, Small 4.75, Large, 8.00
Fried Noodles, 5.25

BREAKFAST
Rice and 2 Eggs with Portuguese Sausage, 5.00
Rice and 2 Eggs with Spam, 5.00
Pork Fried Rice with eggs, 5.50
Pork Fried Rice without egg, 4.25
Loco Moco, 4.75
Portuguese Sausage Loco Moco, 4.95
Spam Loco Moco, 4.95


SIDE ORDERS
Teriyaki Chicken, 2.25
Teriyaki Beef, 2.75
Spicy Korean Chicken, 2.50
Spam Musubi, 1.50
Chicken Musubi, 1.75
Portuguese Musubi, 1.75
Spicy Chicken Musubi, 1.75
Kim Chee, 1.25
Macaroni Salad, 1.25
Rice, 1.00
Tofu, 1.25

MENEHUNE PLATES
Chicken Katsu-Chicken Cutlet, 3.75
Hamburger Steak, 3.75
Pork Cutlet, 3.75
Roast Pork-Teriyaki Roast Pork, 3.75
Kalua Pig & Cabbage, 3.75
Teriyaki Burger Steak, 3.75
Mahi Mahi, 4.00
Tonkatsu, 3.75
ONO FOOD!  So many different things to chose from!  My personal favorite is the Meat Jun.  The portion sizes are huge, and if you LOVE rice just as much as I do, no worries about ever running out of rice with your plate, they give you lots!  
So all you transplants from Hawaii,  or if you're from the mainland and happen to like "local food", like my husband, you gotta check out this place!
Also, they've moved across the street from where the address says.  I dont know the exact address but its in the Smiths parking lot.
~aloha~
I lived in Vegas for 5 years before moving back to Hawaii. Thank God for this place. The chicken cutlet is awesome. I took all of my friends there and they all love it and still go there even though I don't live there anymore. 

A big taste of Hawaii in Sin City.
THE BEST HAWAIIAN FOOD IN LAS VEGAS.

I just ate their two hours ago and I'm already craving it again.

First time, get their ross special. enough to feed two people or one hawaiian.

Their mahi mahi is tender, non fried, and amazing.

macaroni salad...hands down the best.

chicken katsu...Just like in korea!  I though I would never be able to say that ever.

the best chicken katsu, I remember when I went to korea long time and eating the katsu brought tears.

I shared a ross plate and a chicken katsu plate with three people and it was just enough.

some of the prices did go up since shannon's post.  Not enough to scare anyone away.
Great place to get some local kine grindz in the 702!  

Great selections of some hawaiian favorites. Great Location and Good Food. Fresh and flavorful. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.

Plus the portions are huge! 5 stars for that!
If you want to experience delicous local food from Hawaii this is a must try. Everything on the menu tastes amazing! 

Great service and friendly atmosphere.

Very affordable and big portions!

Just a few recommendations:

Loco moco w/ fried rice
Spicy korean chicken
Chicken katsu
Roast pork
Hawaiian plate (available on Friday's)
My home away from home.  They have the best platelunches you can find in LV aside from actually flying home to Hawaii.  It's like I never left.
this is a sister property of aloha specialties restaurant.
aloha specialties and ross j's are the only two, the rest are not affiliated with them,
this place is way better than aloha kitchen and l&l drive inn.
the food just taste better here, and the people are friendlier.
I love this place. Every time when I'm in town from the bay area, I make sure to stop by this spot to have a meal.

They have great musubi, awesome mahi, and tasty ribeye. The Ross J special has a good combo of their food. I like when I dine in and they serve your food on a regular plate instead of a styrofoam container. 

I'm sick of living in an area where we only have chain Hawaiian restaurants like L&L. I wish there were spots like these back home.
I've eaten lunch here twice now.  I enjoy the food, but there are so many Hawaiian places to compete with, it's really hard to separate yourself from the pack.  I would like to give Ross J's 3.5 stars, but obviously that is not an option.  The place is certainly on the upper end of the scale, so it definitely deserves four stars as opposed to three.
I live down the street from here and have not been disappointed.  First time, I had spicy Korean chicken (supposedly the most popular item on the menu) and when I just put it it in my car for the ride home, the smell was unbelievably delicious!   When I got home and opened my to-go box, I was amazed at the portion!  I got tons of rice (like 5 scoops) and 3 chicken breasts!  Sprinkled with green onions too!!!  It was enough for at least 2 meals!  The menu is extensive, but I came today for shoyu poke, which they have on Fridays.  I got poke and a side of rice to go for dinner.  The poke was so red - it is great to see such fresh tuna.  I think I will try the mahi mahi plate next.  I really like this place, and I checked out the sister restaurant last week (see my review for Aloha Specialties).  This place takes credit cards which is great.  The service is also good, even just ordering to go at the counter...very helpful.
When it comes to Hawaiian food, Ross J's is as good as it gets.
This is the best and #1 local type of food to eat. I love that they are the only hawaiian barbque place in Vegas that has meat jun. That and other things ont he menu if I feel like eating something different. The best ono!
I have to update my review after getting lunch from here twice this week.  Today I had Oxtail Stew, which is one of their temporary specials.  A couple of days ago I had Portuguese Sausage Loco Moco (and a Spam Musubi).  I am now a fan of Ross J's.  The Oxtail Stew was absolutely fantastic.  I wish the place was closer to work.
Best Hawaiian food in Vegas by far!!!! The mochico chicken and fried rice is a must! 

The place is run by local ppl from Hawaii and not by Chinese ppl like L&L that's how you know food is done the right way.  

The prices are pretty reasonable considering the amount of food you get on your plate.  On average $6 you get meat of your choice 2 scoops of rice (or for me i get the fried rice), and macaroni salad.  

I highly recommend Ross J's to anyone from hawaii thats missing that island flavor and to everyone else willing to experience HAWAII'S VERSION OF "SOUL FOOD"!
Everyone I've brought here LOVE! this place. The best in Las Vegas.
A friend recommended this place and I was not disappointed. When you walk in you will see the big menu plastered on the wall.  There were so many things to try and they all look good. Luckily, I had to feed several people. I could not stand it anymore, my indecision was making me hungrier by the second. So, I went ahead and  ordered the following items:

1. Ross J's special (Teriyaki thin slice ribeye steak, Fried chicken, Mahi Mahi and SPAM) This combo was HUGE!!!!!!!!! Enough for two people. The fried chicken was a little bland but the teriyaki sauce made up for it. 

2. Spicy Korean Chicken which was awesome. (Three pieces of boneless thigh meat with skin- crispy fried and slathered in semi sweet spicy Korean sauce over rice. SOOOOO delicious! This dish has my stamp of approval!!!!!!!! Make sure you try it. 

3. Garlic chicken - fried chicken with garlic and gravy over rice. A very  solid dish. 

All of these plates had a small side of DENSE MACARONI SALAD. I mean DENSE as in all mayo and macaroni with no air trapped inside!!! This will seriously put a dent in to your stomach. A little on the salty side but still one of the best Hawaiian style MAC salads that I have tried. 

This review is only for the food. I had to do take out. My bill was at around $25 and i satisfied 5 people (3 skinnys and 2 gluttons). a pretty good deal if you ask me. I feel like a bandwagon jumper by giving this place 5 stars but the food was really really  good.

I am officially a Ross J's FAN.
I just had to come back to this place after trying it last week. This review is for the food only. I seem to be always on the run. Dining in has not been an option for me... yet. Besides, they give you so much food that I doubt I could finish it all. I probably end up getting a doggie bag anyway. I tried a few different things this time 

1. Meat Jun plate - Beef dipped in egg fried on the grill with a sweet semi-spicy sauce on the side. Pretty flavorful dish. 

2. Portuges sausge with egg and rice - The breakfast of Hawaiian champions. !!!!

3. Tonkatsu (Pork) - Crunchy batter. Tender pork. You cannot eat this dish cold.They do not have the sauce with Worcestershire (like Aloha Kitchens) :-(

4. Fried chicken plate - crispy, tasty, flavorful fried chicken pieces. Tastes best when it is hot and sizzling. A little sweet teriyaki sauce will enhance and contrast the saltiness of this dish.

5. Ross J special - Teri Beef, Fried chicken, SPAM and Mahi -Mahi.  Warning: FOOD OVERLOAD. Make lots of room in your stomach because this will put a dent in it. 

6. Spicy Korean chicken - You cannot go to Ross J's without ordering this dish. This is probably the best dish here!!! 

Spicy Korean chicken to go please !!!!! Yummy!!!  Oh yeah...prps to the MAC salad. MAYO, Macaroni and more MAYO !!!
My husband and I went this weekend and had the Chicken Teriyaki and the Chicken Katsu.  Both plates were HUGE and we should have taken the rest home but were insistent on stuffing ourselves.  It was broke da mout as they say at home!
Friendly service, reasonable prices, and large portions of quality, filling, well seasoned and tasty (albeit on the heavier side) hawaiian style food.  Enjoyed the korean chicken, kalua pig with cabbage and other items.  Definitely worth a visit and good, straightforward family style restaurant in Green Valley.
Once again Yelp reviewers did not let me down.  I had trouble deciding what to have for lunch today so I gave Ross J's Aloha Grill a try.  I had the teriyaki chicken, and it was very tasty.  I would have preferred more teriyaki sauce, but I'll remember in the future to request more.  But their prices are unbelievably low.  I almost feel guilty.  Almost.  So I'll definitely be back, and I did eye a few other items on the menu I'm already looking forward to try...
Closest thing to plate lunches in Hawaii....Big Portions, reasonably priced and will keep you coming back for more...I've gone here on occasion and scarfed down TWO plates in one sitting which would leave the cashier in disbelief!!! My Favorites are the Mochiko Chicken'
Hawaiian plate of Fridays(Where's the Poi???) And Ross J's Combo plate....Here's a good thing to know-ask for fried rice which is even tastier with your plate lunch than the plain white rice....ALOHA!!!
I have to update my review because this place is just so awesome and down the street and cheap.

I took my friend Susan here post-Sex and the City for a late lunch, and we both each enjoyed the filling $3.50 spicy Korean chicken bowl as well as a new treat - ahi sashimi!  I never have seen this on the menu!  I know they have ahi poke on Fridays but I guess sashimi on Sundays works for me! 

The fish was sooooo fresh (see picture) it melted in our mouths and tasted amazing.  The chicken was good, tasty and the skin so deliciously crispy (and I love those green onions).

I highly recommend visiting this charming place and remember, they take credit cards so have no fear :0) plus they carry Coke products yay!
LEGIT.

People are right that the Spicy Korean is great! We got a bowl and it was pretty filling....makes me wonder, what then is the size of a plate of this?!! It wasn't really spicy, but very flavorful and juicy. Some people don't like skin, which this has, but mine had crispy skin on it so I ate it up. Got a side of macaroni salad to go with this. 

I have been feeling in a Loco Moco mood and theirs was great. To me, this dish is all about the gravy- without a good base then the dish is just a hamburger with rice. This was solid and savory gravy and with some yummy yolks mixing into it and a little ketchup (I'm such a Filipino! HAHAA) this was hitting the comfort zone.  

We came 30 minutes before closing (they close at 3pm on Sundays) and there was a few people ordering and still a good number of people enjoying their ono grinds. Definitely a testament of how popular and loved this place is. If only this wasn't so far, I would come often. I heard they also own Aloha Specialties in California Hotel so if that is true, then I better go run to downtown for some lunch stat! 

2 dishes we couldn't finish, mac salad, a Hawaiian sun and a fountain drink was only like $12. Great food quality and portions for cheap and Hawaiian hospitality= best meal of the day much to the chagrin of my cooking later in the evening.
Food was yummy! I ordered a spicy Korean chicken bowl for Lunch and a loco moco for dinner. I haven't eaten the loco moco but the Korean chicken was delicious!! I am definetely a fan!
Thanks to Nelson Q for suggesting this place to me. 

I can't believe I ate the whole thing (well not ALL the rice). Great punch, good mac salad, a lot of rice. I ordered the mixed plate and a beverage. I really enjoyed the Mahi-Mahi and the chicken. They have a soft drink fountain but I suggest you skip the Coke and get the fruit punch.

If you've never had Hawaiian, I suggest you start with the mixed plate. It's a section of sweet, a section of savory, and rice. Take a little from each section and shove it in your mouth. Chew 34 times, take a drink of punch, close your eyes and wait for death. It's that good.
Always there to eat......

This place is the best place to eat if you love local food from Hawaii.  I eat the hamburger steak with the spicy korean sauce. It's not on their menu, but since I've eaten everything on their menu they let me try out new things. Their spicy korean  chicken is delicious and so is their hamburger steak so I decided to have the best of both worlds and it was delicious.

When ordering there they give out big portions so you get what you pay for, but you might not eat all that you pay for in one sitting. If you do, then you will get "KANAK ATTACK"!!!
I am a big fan of Ross J's. It's become a Friday tradition amoung my fellow co-workers and myself, to enjoy this great Hawaiian cusiune. Especially enjoyable as a "hang-over" remedy and a much better option than the over greased burgers at most fast food establishments. The sauces are made to perfection! Proportions are good, but as many stated before me, less rice more meat would make it that much better (?). The service is fast and friendly. Check this place out, trust me
If you like Hawaiian food this is one of the best places in town.  Large portions, great price, Fridays they have specials - Lau Lau!!!!  
The Spicy Korean is another must try - dont forget the punch.
Korean Chicken and Meat Jun was hella hype.  Dam I had way better.  Never coming back unless it was free.
Spicy Korean Chicken bowl is my favorite for sure and i always get a side a macaronni salad. I do always check for the daily specials after one day trying the Lau Lau, it was mouth watering! They serve it every Friday. The staff is very friendly and helps answer any questions you have . Shaved ice on the weekends is a perfect ending to a great meal
I am so happy! This real hole in the wall is great. Don't be fussy about the decor, the furniture, the toilets, just come for good food...

1.  Rice plates - All good with plenty of meat and food. Spicy Chicken, Ribeye, BBQ Beef, it is all AWESOME.

2.  Specials - I always order them. Can't go wrong.

3.  Spam Musubi - My kids love ordering these. Kinda like a Spam rolled sushi for the novice.

4.  Wonton and Saimin - Be hungry. This is good stuff.

5.  Service - Barebone, but really great. Friendly, efficient and homestyle...

Just know you are eating food that will expand your waistline. Huge portions of rice, meat, noodles. Can't be shy, can't be fussy and cannot expect anything other than HUGE AMOUNT of food.
Forget about the spicy Korean chicken!!

Repeat after me..

Kalua pig. Kalua pig. Kalua pig.

The kalua pig was better than what I had in Maui.

The pork was so juicy and tender with hint of smoke, and it was mix with perfectly cooked cabbage which allows you eat the whole plate without the need for a drink.

I can not wait to get hungry again, so I can have more Kalua pig.

Kalua pig. Kalua pig. Kalua pig.
My buddies and I only order one dish from Ross J's........spicy Korean chicken bowl with a side  of mushrooms and onions or a side of mixed vegetables. Its the best! You get a lot of food for under $5, you can't beat the value! Been going there since 2003 when they were at the old location across the street and I rarely order anything else! Its not for the Starbucks/Panera Bread crowd, too unhealthy and too much food for them to handle!
if im ever in the area, this is usually the spot i like to go to.

ross j's. the service there is great! i still have yet to ask the lady what her name is (shame on me) but she's always friendly. i love that she speaks in pidgin/island speak. my boyfriend and a lot of my friends grew up in hawaii, some born and raised, and i guess i've gotten use it. but for some reason its comforting (i have no idea why).

anyway, loco moco, kalua pork, roast pig, korean chicken, and when they have it, their chicken long rice. everythings yummy!!! you might wait a little longer than usual for food, but thats because they make everything to order. 

definitely coming back when im in the henderson area. maybe open one up on the west side of vegas?

just a tip: the plates are pretty big. i'd suggest sharing, or at least saving half of it for another meal.
I'd rather give Ross J's a 3.5 star, but I'll choose 4 over only 3 because the staff was nice and we liked the Kalua pork. I wish someone had mentioned that you can get smaller plates because the size of the regular plates is a little bit "ginormous". Granted, the plate looks large beccause it is filled with white rice, but you also get two servings of the main dish.

1) The spicy korean chicken was decent. Very tender. Must be chicken thighs because it wasn't dry. It reminded me of the General Tso's chicken I've tried from authentic, good Chinese restaurants because it's battered, fried and has a sweet, tangy taste that's similar. Seemed a little salty to me, but the rice helped.

2) Kalua pork would be worth coming back from Texas to get. The cabbage seemed fresh and the taste was better than most pulled pork I've tried....and I've tried a lot of pulled pork. This was tender and a little more smoky. Not sure what the seasoning is, but it's dead on.

3) The macaroni salad is a lurking heart attack. Very....very, very creamy. I had to cut the creaminess with meat, rice, and anything I can get my hands on. It's not necessarily a complaint, but just a warning.

4) Kimchi was good. Price was under $2 to add it as a side. I also added the Spam sushi thing, which I liked because it was different. Spam was a little salty, but hey, it's Spam.

5) Mahi-mahi was fried, which seems like a waste. The fish could have been cod due to the lack of flavor. Definitely won't get again, but it wasn't horrible. 

6) Meat Jun...not sure what the fuss is about. It seemed like cheap chicken fried steak meat inside in a omelet and cut in strips. Teriyaki sauce was too overpowering. To each his own.

7) Fruit punch. What's up with the Yelpers saying this is great? It's Hawaiian punch. I can get that from the convenience store. The grape punch...seemed like grape Kool-aid. I'll stick with water next time, but if you enjoy very sweet punch drinks, knock yourself out.

If we come back to Vegas, we're definitely coming back for the Kalua Pork. The noodles also looked really good.
Cheap, yummy and HUGE portions! What's not to love about this place. Ross J's Aloha Grill cooks up authentic Hawaiian food for dirt cheap prices. Everything I have tried here is delicious! Here are a couple of my quick tips on whats good...

1) The macaroni salad is AWESOME - and I don't even like macaroni salad

2) The noodle soup is so tasty. The broth is so rich and the ingredients taste fresh

3) They have homemade cookies!

4) The Korean Chicken and the pork are both great choices for dinner.

Make sure to stop by here and say "Aloha" to these tasty eats!
I got Mahi Mahi and Spicy Chicken. The Mahi Mahi was ok, nothing special. The spicy chicken was good, not great. The amount of rice was for 4 people. Personally I like Island Flavor much more! This was typical fast food Hawaiian food type of restaurant.
Came here yesterday cuz I was craving some local food. Born and raised in Hawaii, i know what real local food is so i would say this review is pretty credible. Was craving korean chicken like the kind from ZIppys but this one turned out to be grilled and chicken strips. Not fried in chunks. Put the sauce on the side and added veggies to the bowl cuz i heard the portions were pretty big. Also had the fruit punch which was as close as you can get I think to hawaiian style fruit punch, i think Island Flavor has better fruit punch though, had to add water cuz it was a lil too sweet. Only tried this one dish but have to say it was really good and you get a whole plates worth of food for just ordering a bowl. Sauce wasnt that spicy, thank goodness and it was actually really flavorful. I'd definitely come back here again but only if Island Flavor is closed.
make sure you come here with an empty belly because their portions are HUGE. my boyfriend and his family are hawaiian and took me here for dinner the other evening. i wasnt expecting so much good food at such little cost. i had a small bowl of saimin that was the size of my head. it filled me up only a fourth way into it but i wanted to keep eating it because it was full of flavor.  the rice was good and i loved the macaroni salad. the staff was friendly and the food was tasty. i will be returning to test out some new things only with room in my stomach next time.
Hawaiians rejoice!  Another great place to get some ONO local food!  Those in the know are aware that the food at Ross J's Aloha Grill is very similar to the food at Aloha Specialties in the California Hotel because they are both owned by the same family (the last time I checked).  So the food you see at Ross J's for the most part you will see at Aloha Specialties.  This is good for the folks that live in Henderson that don't want to drive all the way to Downtown for some mighty good Hawaii-Style grub!  Save gas...save cash!

I love me some Calrose rice and macaroni salad when my diet allows me!  I hit this place up whenever I get to this side of town.  All their dishes are local favorites so I never have a hard time going wrong.  Popular of course are the Kalua Pig, Chicken Katsu, Chop Steak, Beef Tomato, Garlic Chicken w/ Brown Gravy (super ONO), Loco Moco (Hawaii STAPLE, duh), Teriyaki Butterfish, Meat Jun, and the Teriyaki Chicken.  Each of these plate lunches and more come with two big scoops of rice and a big scoop of macaroni salad.  Even better, all of their favorite dishes and Teriyaki plates are in the $7-$9 range!  So cheap for so much food!  They also do Menehune (mini) plates, and combination plates to satisfy everyones appetites and wallet.  Beefy on a budget!  Sweetness.

Ross J's also has gread noodles: Saimin, Won Ton Min, and Fried Noodles.  Always selling are their Bowls as well, my fav is the Teriyaki Chicken bowl.  I almost always get this with servng of mixed vegetables, and a Teri Burger and macaroni salad on the side!  Funny enough, this is my same order at Aloha Specialties as well.  Their Teriyaki sauce is addicting!  They also do burgers, and Spam Musubi too.  

For breakfast, they got you covered!  Eggs with Portuguese Sausage or Spam, and rice?  Pork Fried Rice with Eggs?  Loco Moco for breakfast?  Sign me up, son!  Hawaiian Hearty at it's best!  

Food is excellent, service is quick and friendly, and prices are good.  Visit Ross J's Aloha Grill and taste the Aloha Spirit!!  In the food, in the food...please do not taste the staff!
Consistent Quality, Gigantic Portions, and always hits home.

Las Vegas seems to be so saturated with "Hawaiian food/BBQ" joints. Being from Hawaii as with my family we were desperate for a taste of home. Ross J's is one of the first Hawaiian restaurants in the Green Valley/Henderson area being around for well over a decade and we've been hooked ever since. They always kept a consistency of amazing tastings foods, huge homestyle portions, and all at a very reasonable price. My favorite is the Chicken Katsu & the Spicy Korean chicken. They also offer some of the best home made chocolate chip & Macadamia nut cookies up by the register(you won't regret taking a bag home). The Staff is always very friendly and again explore the menu they have too many tasty things to list. Not to mention eating here saves me money because I usually don't need food for another day or two if I finish an entire plate. Enjoy!
teriyaki butterfish: i ordered the dish with teriyaki sauce on the side. the butterfish seemed to be lightly pan-fried. it didn't smell too fishy and it wasn't oversalted. i'd give it at 3.5 for its moistness and good quality.

pulled pork: i liked how the bbq flavor was mild. i'd give it a 3.5

pros: quick service
cons: too much rice, macaroni salad was salty and too creamy
recommend for: mid-week quick fix dinner
staff is friendly,food comes out quickly,as I took mine to go, it seem to be pretty busy during lunch ,lots of easy parking.. And now to the food..
The macaroni had too much mayo and very ,very salty,it taste like just like all salt,yuck? The combo special has loads of rice and the different meats, and fish,but a heart attack waiting to happen..The Kuala pork was not bad,it was moist and tasty..My favorite thing that the prices were pretty reasonable for huge portions... But I probably not go out of my way to return here....
da kine korean chicken broke da mouf,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
dat ting so so ono!
da kine loco moco guud fo quick kine too.
da musubi is da same as aloha specialties.
eva ting da same as aloha specialties, but git bigga menu!
best hawaiian kine in henderson, nevada.
try um out next time yu come dis side fo shop at da galleria.
I finally experienced Ross J's and all I have to say is "WOW."

I had been hearing rave reviews of this place for ages, but I'm always reluctant to venture out to that side of town, since it's quite a drive for me. Well, my opportunity arrived, Groupon offered an amazing deal, so I snatched it up. 

My first attempt didn't go as planned. We drove all the way over there and decided to do a little shopping in the area before heading to Ross J's. Bad idea, who knew it closed so early. Darn, my first attempt squashed. Second attempt was on New Year's Day. Yes, I must've been the only person who forgot this is considered a holiday. This is Vegas, where nothing ever closes, so I sometimes forget holidays exist for other people. Second attempt was a fail.

Luckily, my third attempt was a success and boy was it worth the drive. We ordered the Loco Moco, Spicy Korean Chicken and two Musubis (Spam and Chicken). It was so delicious and best of all CHEAP! For all we ordered and a soda, we paid less than $15. I can't sing the praises of this place enough!

The portions are ginormous and the food is great. I'll definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu items and probably get some more of that Spicy Korean Chicken. That was my favorite!
Very affordable. I'll be a regular here for sure, despite it being a bit of a drive to get to from my place. I tried the Moco Loco and it was Loco Good. I also tried a spam musubi for the first time. I'll be trying the spam burger and spicy Korean chicken next time. I definitely recommend this place! Just writing about it made me hungry. Think I'll go again for lunch.
Ok, I already made my return. Tried a few more items. The katsu pork is really good. I'm not usually a fan of deep-fried food, but this had a very nice crispiness and the pork still maintained it's moistness. I also tried the saimin. It was just ok. Everything else is fantastic!
YUMMMM!!!  Funny how they have better "local" food in Vegas than on Maui!  The hamburger katsu is a MUST and the fried rice loco moco is the bomb!!!  Can't pass up the spam musubi either!!!
I have an obsession with Spam musubi. That's the only thing I came here for... Not greasy, enough ratio of sauce and rice. Yum
LOVE, LOVE the Spicy Korean Chicken!! Great quality + cheap food = a great meal :) . Next time I have to try the Loco Moco.....
Another Great Hawaiian BBQ Spot here in Vegas. I can honestly say that the Vegans are spoiled with these places!! Thats A Real Good Thing!! 

Combination of Meat Jun and Mochiko: The main reason why I came here was to try their Meat Jun. I wasn't aware that another place other than my current favorite Haw. BBQ spot, "Island Style" was offering this dish. Well, the first time I had this I was Impressed and was absolutely hooked! Well, the Ross J version was a larger portion buy not by much, it was tender but not fall apart tender, egg batter was nearly identical in flavor but wasn't as fluffy and a bit oily. Their dip was also on the Spicy side which I did appreciate much with the meat. I would say "Island Style" edges out for the win but I'd have Ross J's any day of the week. 

The Mochiko was something I've never had and actually the teller convinced me to try this over the spicy korean chicken (I love "Island Flavor" korean chicken). Well, the Mochi flour used to give this chicken dish its uniqueness was Awesome!! Tasty, Chewy and Kinda Crunchy!!

Plate came with a good amount of white rice and their Macaroni Salad had an evident sour creamy flavor rather than just the plain creamy mayo that plenty places serve it as. I liked their take on this one.

Spam Musubi: Typical and Just Comforting! I Love Spam!

Chill Atmosphere and Employees, Good Prices, Great Food!! No Complaints Whatsoever..
The best comfort food in the world. Clean and friendly place. I have been dinning here since I left Hawaii and this is the closest you can get to island style. The flavors of the Teriyaki and Mac salad are par with any take out dinner on Oahu, Maui you get the picture. Spam Musubi, Kalua Pork and the Korean Chicken are my favorites. The dish to die for is the Wonton min on a cold rainy day. Get there early cause they sell out.
I really like this place for lunch on gym days or when ever I'm craving teriyaki chicken, beef stew or loco moco...but mainly teriyaki chicken.

On days I'm going to the gym, I load-up with the chicken teriyaki and rice...with an extra side of chicken to be mixed in, and it all comes to about $5. If I order a chicken teriyaki bowl or plate from somewhere else with extra chicken, it generally comes out to $7 or more. So it's a great deal here. And tasty...not overdone with sauce.
We usually go to Aloha Specialties at the California whenever we are in Vegas, but my friend recommended we try this place because the food was pretty similar and the lines are not as long. My girlfriend and I split spicy Korean chicken, katsu, musubis, and a small saimin. The food did taste pretty similar which is a good thing because I love the food at Aloha Specialties. If you plan on ordering saimin, I would recommend a small unless you are really hungry because if a small is what I ordered, I could only imagine how big the large is. Also, be sure to check out the Kool-Aid dispenser next to the soda fountains. Kool-Aid!
MEAT AND RICE! It has become the mantra of our office. When we cant think of anything else it is Ross J's to the tune of at least a few of us from the office a couple of times per week. 5 Minutes door to door from our office, 5 minutes to order 10 minutes to eat giving plenty of time for the 30 minute rice coma you need to get over with a power nap!

Kalua Pig, smokey wet and MMmmMMm good!

Korean spicy chicken bowl - The default of good when the brain is just not available to process the menu

Mochiko Chicken - Best loved special, crispy good on the outside moist tastiness inside, of course with rice what else do you need except maybe a dab of saricha sauce!

Macaroni salad - creamy goodness

Huge portions stupidly cheap, and Fruit punch on the side (recently they got rid of the Grape punch). Clean restaurant, friendly staff, great food, not a bad word to say about the place!
Of all the Hawaiian places I've been to, this one is beyond my favorite. The food is quick, simple, cheap, and fantastic! The portions are a bit obnoxious... they pretty much tell you right off the bat, "the small is large and the large is larger".... the perfect way to describe their portions. If you want to eat well but want to save on $$$, this is one of my top choices. The staff is so friendly and laid back, there is hardly any wait even when they're busy, and you can tell by their overall business during lunch hours that many others agree with this review ;). 

I took 2 of my friends from out of state here for lunch today before dropping them off at the airport, and they were actually tempted to order more to go! In fact, the one said it was his favorite meal in Vegas so far after eating on the strip in major casinos all week. It is unlikely for someone to be disappointed with this place unless he/she is not a fan of Korean/Japanese/Polynesian-style food.
Yelp ratings prompted me to go here. I went during lunch on a Thursday and it was busy. Service was good. The mac salad was too salty, Mahi Mahi was okay, (I like thicker breading) the overrated Spicy Korean Chicken was okay but the Meat Jun was surprisingly good. Lots of rice. I will go back to try something else.
Good food had order spicy Korea chicken and served it at my wedding with the rice and mac salad...good food got my friends and family hooked!
This hole in the wall is great! :) My Hawaiian friend, who was born and raised, said that this is the closest place to authentic Hawaiian food. And if this is the closest thing to authentic Hawaiian food, I'm addicted!

What I don't like about this place, is their menu because they have so many good choices that it's difficult for me to decide what to get! I usually order Musubi--all of them are really yummy and the meats and rice are portioned well. I've also ordered their combination plates. Their teriyaki chicken and beef are grilled to perfection and are tasty! They are not oversaturated with teriyaki sauce. The Spicy Korean Chicken has a great balance of the rice, vegetables and chicken. I wouldn't say the Spicy Korean Chicken is "dripping sweat spicy" but it has a nice kick of spiciness to it that will leave you wanting more.

You'll definitely get your money's worth with the portions you get. I have leftovers every time. So instead of considering corporate L&L's, try this place out instead; you'll be pleased that you did.
this place is hands down better than vegas lnls, and aloha kitchen combined! so far this is the closest I've gotten to actual Hawaiian food here on the mainland. I was born and raised in hawaii so I know how things are supposed to taste ;)
I've been here two times now. First visit was a little bit of a let down.. I remembered trying the mahi mahi plate and it was only ok. 

This past weekend brought me, my boyfriend and our friends back to this place. This time I ordered the portuguese sausage fried rice. And it put this place back to my good graces. I still have a little bone to pick on in regards with their portuguese sausage (not flavorful enough to my taste) but overall it was a solid dish.

The bf and our friends each ordered loco moco and they were happily satisfied with their food - not one grain of rice was left behind ;)

I'll try another dish next time i come back here. Recommended!
I love supporting small business and love the effort they are making here.  So nice to get real friendly service, the girls working the counter and tables were great.  You don't see that so much anymore.  I also loved that you get real plates and silverware, even though everything was so cheap.

My food was great, only complaint was the rice was a bit dry, I prefer mine to be quite sticky.  But that won't stop me from coming back.
Food: The mahi-mahi was well-cooked, and matched perfectly with the tartar sauce. The kahlua pig and cabbage however was oversalted. It was even too salty for my wife, who loves extra salty food.

Service: Friendly, prompt.

Ambience: What you'd expect.
Oh my gosh!!!!  This place is my favorite Hawaiian restaurant. No other place compares. My absolute favorite dish is the sweet and sour spare ribs. It isn't offered very often. You have to call and see if they are serving. It they aren't, the staff are usually pretty good about finding out when is the next time it will be served. If the Spare ribs aren't on the menu that day, I would go with the Spicy Korean Chicken plate. I could eat that all day!

The food at this restaurant is delicious and the staff is amazing. They always treat you good, especially if you are a regular. They will take care of you.
Good lau lau, kimche and poke.  I don't have to go to Hawaii just to have good Hawaiian food.  I'm very satisfied... Lau lau was fresh!  Definitely goin back when I'm visiting Vegas!  To bad their were out of Kona coffee when ordered with my dinner.  Other than that happy with the service and food.
The food was just okay to me. Wish they put more vegetables. The meat wasn't very well marinated. 

The boss lady was not very nice. We order carry-out food, but then decide to sit down and eat. She then walk to us and told us we're not allow to do that.
Service is always good here. I remember when this place was called Taste of Paradise and it was across the street. It was the first place my cousin took us on our first trip to Vegas back in '98. 

Food is still good to this day. I bring my niece here and she loves the chicken katsu. 

I always try to get something different each time I come here. Korean chicken, chicken katsu, portagee sausage eggs n rice, corned beef hash, etc. 

I think they only had the corned beef hash during st. Patricks day... If they don't have it on the regular menu, I wish they would add it on. That was Ono! I liked the way they made it here. And I'm all about supporting local Hawaiian businesses. the service is great, quick, and good food. 

This is a popular spot for the Hawaiian transplants that live in the Henderson area. Seems to be getting popular among the local las vegas peeps too. Right on! 

Bettah than Aloha Kitchen, all the way!

Same owners as Aloha Specialties at the California hotel downtown.
Another Hawaiian restaurant that I knew about, passed by all the time, but never had the chance to try.  I don't know why it took me so long but I finally went in and got myself some ono grinds.  Got the loco moco for around $5, looked like 3 or 4 extra large eggs made perfectly easy over, real hamburger patty, gravy and rice. Good ratio of each ingredient, each bite had a bit of everything. Would have took a pic but the plate looked to good to wait even a few seconds.  It was very good and did the spot. 

They have a good menu to choose from and pretty good prices. Portions are also huge for what you pay for, a lot of plates were about $5 and $8. They also make poke on fridays. 

Lots a space, clean, and fast friendly service.
We dined in for lunch one day, the floor had been mopped with a dirty/sour mophead, you can smell the funky odor on the floor. Teri beef is fatty/greasy and tough. Mahi Mahi is just chunks of cooked fish. Huge slathering of stucky white rice and overly mayoed mac salad with no flavor. My chicken katsu came with what I still think is ketchup and no katsu sauce. I asked for katsu sauce and the boss lady says that is katsu. No it's Ketchup, not tonkatsu sauce like everyone knows. So I asked for a side of teri sauce instead. My chicken katsu is Deeeep fried extra hard and the chicken had tough skin underneath. Too crunchy and taste like low grade chicken, greasy. Overly mayoed mac salad and a huge wave of white rice that wasn't all that fresh. Is this good food? I guess some think so and they are welcome to it. I like a certain place on 215 and Green Valley or 215 and Eastern much better.
My favorite place to eat in all of LAS VEGAS...! Hands down...

Reasons:
Customer service is superb.  I have been in Vegas for over two years now, visited this place at least over 2 dozen times but have nothing bad to say about it.  

I love love the Korean Chicken Teriyaki rice bowl..its under four bucks, you get a good amount of rice and chicken.  The sauce is different then your normal Teriyaki sauce at other places. I've asked for extra sauce so many time, pretty much with every order...They give without charging an extra penny. 

I've recently tried their normal teri chicken rice bowl, also the same price but the sauce is less salty.  Feel in love all over again.  I don't know how this place stays in business charging as they do, but I think because its family own, quite affordable that the locals always comes back for more, keeping this awesome hole in the wall in business.  

Their spam masubi is 1.50, spam is decent in size and enough for a good filling snack.  :) 

I think what put it over the top for me was last night.  I order my usual, the chicken teri bowl on the phone,  but when i came to pick it up, their person who took my order thought i order the actually plate which was two times the price, I make it known to Matt, and he, without hesitation, gave me my food charging me for the rice bowl and extra side of chicken.  (I also tipped a few bucks for the nice service)  When i opened it, the size of my order was not the bowl but the plate.  I was amazed at the customer service this place continuous to reflect.  I called Matt to say thanks once again.  


No reason to not try this place if you haven't been in before, its worth the time, the drive and the room you have in your belly! :)
Had the moco loco with portuguese sausage and also traded with a friend for some of his spam moco loco. It was definitely filling and a pretty good value at $5.35 w/ tax, but that's probably because there's tons of rice. Didn't think the gravy was that flavorful either. I'll have to try some of the other items on their menu because I was a little underwhelmed on this visit.
This restaurant is very ono.  the food is good and the portions are huge!  great value.  would definitely come back if i'm ever in the hood.
They had some good items like the spicy Korean chicken, seems like everyone likes the Kahlua pig, but they were out when I went.  Big portions!  Everything else was so-so.  Mac salad not so great too salty and peppery - not the island mac salad I'm used to.
Close......but still not home.  Miss Ono's and Side Street Inn.
Probably the best Hawaiian restaurant you'll ever have in the Las Vegas valley!  

I think it's safe to say that everything on the menu is a good choice.  I usually get the spicy korean chicken bowl because i already get full off that.  AND it's less than 4 bucks after taxes.  I got the the garlic chicken with gravy plate one time and the portions were ridiculously big!  3 big pieces of chicken w/ gravy over a mountain of rice with a side of Mac salad. This is truly food for my Samoan homies and for those who can really eat.

Everything is priced cheaper than it should be, in my opinion.  But I hope they don't change the prices on anything. It's one of the reasons why I keep coming back.  MORE BANG FOR YOUR BUCK HERE!

PS: they have cherry and grape Kool-Aid as options for a drink. Genius!
I've eaten here twice and the first time was take out for lunch. The second was dining in for dinner.

After trying non chain hawaain places, I'll never settle for L and L or Aloha kitchen if I have the choice.

For take out I got the chicken Katsu plate with fried rice and a side of spicy Korean chicken.

I didn't get to eat it super fresh since it was a drive back to the office.

I will say, I've had better Katsu chicken and I've also had better fried rice.

They unfortunately forgot my sauce for my Katsu so I was pretty disappointed..

The spicy chicken was good but for the meal, I'd have to say I'd need to eat their food fresh to make an opinion.

That brings me a week later to dinner with my friend.

My Spicy Korean Chicken came out on a huge plate and I had a side of veggies for an extra dollar.

I know everyone has their preference of type of meat for their chicken.

Although fatter, I prefer dark meat! 

They grill the skin side down so it's crisp and it's really good.

The chicken bowls are around four bucks and for the plate of food it's a good value.

Food came out quick.

And even with the four items for take out, the ready time was only five minutes and it took me longer to drive their :P 

For them forgetting my sauce I have to take a star off.

You'd want your guest to enjoy their meal wether it's take out or dine in, and I was unable to do so because they forgot half of what makes chicken Katsu: KATSU SAUCE :[
Awesome! Hamburger Katsu was great as well as the Pork Cutlet. We will be back soon.
Really good Saiman.  My wife is from Hawaii and was craving some authentic Hawaiian food.  The saiman broth was flavorful.  The noodles were perfect.  The great thing about it, the noodles and broth were the star.  They did not overload it with stuff to mask the taste.  

I had the cornbeef Hash with eggs and rice.  It was done as they do on the island.  It's comfort food for those who are familiar with Island style food.  Not gourmet Iron Chef Kitchen food.  Just plain, down home island style food that will remind  you how your grandma made it.
Pretty much the closest thing I can get to a plate lunch like home here in Vegas.  Ross J's is my go to restaurant if I need my Hawaiian food fix.  I usually always opt for the Mahi plate and a fountain drink (although every so often I like to dip into their reserve of Hawaiian Sun guava juice).  The breading on the Mahi is soft and flaky and not the overly fried versions I find at L&L or Aloha Kitchen.  The plate also comes with a side of mac salad, and although it's nothing like grandma's mac salad or even Zippy's mac salad, it's pretty 'ono (delicious) to say the least.  The staff here is always friendly and inviting, regardless of how packed it is, and always willing to accommodate a special order (I like the korean style chicken sauce on my Mahi so I get it on the side to dip my fish).  All in all, Ross J's is a pretty good time and they always keep the super grubbin' eats comin.
I would say that this is the best Hawaiian restaurant.  Reasonable price and prompt service.  Portions are massive.  Too massive.
I have been on a quest for the best loco moco, and the winner is still in Kapaa, Kauai; however, Ross J's is damn good for being on the mainland.  I'm a traditionalist so I had the regular, but my friend had the portuguese sausage version - both were so ono!!!

They are also very friendly and efficient there, for being a 'fast-food'ish sorta joint.
I've never had a bad experience here. I tend to stick to the bowl items with added vegetables and the saimin noodle. It's awesome to go and support a little mom-and-pop shop. If you ever look in the back, there's probably 3 generations of one family working there. It's super cute. :) 

The must tries: 
-Saimin noodle with hot mustard on the side
-Korean spicy chicken bowl
-Chicken katsu is above average - it has the chicken skin on one side still.

If you go around lunch time, you'll get greeted by this tall, sweet lady who tells you "Okay, lovey." Like her, everyone is really friendly there.
Love this place!!! This is my regular place to eat. I've eaten everything on this menu at least twice. I sometimes have my favorite special made for me, although it's not on the menu.

They do give you a lot of food though. For the locals from Hawaii...this will make you feel like home.
Chicken Katsu was horrible. Over cooked & massive fatty chicken yuck.
Large portions, enough food for multiple meals. Ordered the Hawaiian Plate with kalua pork. Yum. Awesome prices! Friendly service. 

Would definitely visit again if in town.
I love this place! I try to eat there once a week. The food is amazing & the prices are cheap. My favorite dish is the kahlua pig & garlic chicken with brown gravy. My husband loves the chicken tonkatsu.
I remember going to Ross J's years ago prior to its relocation and it was extremely tasty from what I had remembered.  I recently went here for brunch and was just truly disappointed:

Ordered:
  Garlic Chicken and Teriyaki Chicken Bowl with Mushrooms and Veggies

Pros:
 * Huge portions.  So large you can even share
 *  Very friendly service
 *  Decently priced

Cons:
  * Both the Garlic Chicken and Teri Bowl were very bland (and I mean VERY bland)
  * Slow service.  It was very busy and the cashier was also the same person delivering the food to the tables

Overall:
  I hate giving low scores.  This place was real busy and seems to be a local fav, but I was just disappointed with my order.  The service, price, and portions were all a plus but the food itself was a thumbs down for me.
The Korean Spicy chicken was good but not spicy. We got the Korean spicy chicken bowls - mine with grilled onions and mushrooms and the BF's with mixed veggies. First off, we ordered the bowls which were less than $4.00 each and with the veggies cames to an addition of $1.20 (or something like that) to each bowl. Pretty cheap huh?? Funny thing is that out food came in a regular container and not a bowl- so I don't know if thay made a mistake and it was my lucky day or if their bowls are really not bowls but regular sized plates- if that is the case then this place is a good deal!!!
We liked our food -just wish it was spicier- I have try a pack of their Corn Flakes cookies some time!!! But several times I have asked the lady at the register if anny of the cookies are soft and sadly but honestly she said "No, all the cookies are hard" I love me some soft chewy cookies....

Anyways, I'll have to try other stuff on their menu sometime - I just can't help but order a spicy Korean chicken bowl everytime though- YUM - I wish they used chicken breast but they use chicken thighs instead. If they used chicken breasts (white meat) then this dish would be close to perfection!!!

I do wish they would sell Guava Chiffon Cake!!!!! More Hawaiian places need to offer this yummy cake - it's so hard to find and when I find it - it's not made right!!!

This place is set up just like other Hawaiian restrauants - with all kinds of yummy filling barbecue,stir fry,ramen,fried ramen,musubi's, ect... Right when you walk in you instantly feel the islands and you better come ready for some heavy grub cause that's what your gonna get.....
I've been back a few times since my first try, and I've gotta say that I must've found the one thing on the menu that's not good for some reason. I think I've had spam moco loco, the less expensive teriyaki pork dish, and spicy korean chicken since thing. The latter is probably the best thing, and it's truly not that spicy. I remember really enjoying the small side of macaroni salad that came with the teriyaki pork. There's actually no need to get the $7+ stuff unless you're really hungry or splitting a dish with someone! So yeah, come here and skip the portuguese sausage moco loco, imo, and you'll have a great meal.
During my lunch today, I was fortunate enough to chow down on Ross J's!  Love this place.  It's what I'm used to.  This, for me, is comfort food.  

AMBIANCE: The place is like the typical Hawaiian food dive/diner.  There are booths and table tops, a self service soda station and is always filled with people, primarily from the islands.  If you are from Hawaii, it really makes you feel like home.  

FOOD and SERVICE:  When it comes to the service, I love the "local braddah" with the backwards hat and bandana.  He's always offering the Aloha spirit to customers.  Never skips a beat when it comes to greeting people and thanking them for coming in.  This is what I've noticed everytime I'm there.  When it comes to the aunty with glasses and a small homeade flower in her ear, I think it's a hit and miss.  Today she was very cordial and nice.  Many times I have visited, though, she doesn't make "small talk" or greets you.  There's another Asian girl who takes your order as well who seems very quite.  

Today, I got the Spicy Korean Chicken for $7.50.  First, the macaroni salad is "ON POINT" for my taste buds.  Seasoned perfectly and they package it in a separate container when you take out.  The chicken were boneless thighs with the skin on.  They grill the chicken with their Korean sauce.  The sauce is sweet and has a subtle heatness to it.  The heat doesn't hit you like a ton of bricks.  It creeps up but doesn't linger in your mouth.  I really like that component.  The portion was big and they placed the chicken over the rice so it absorbed the extra sauce.  

I've visited Ross J's many times and must say that if you're looking for a meal worth the price, you must try them out.  I've had a lot of things from their menu.  For me, when I think of local plate lunches I've had back home, this place is pretty much consistent with what I'm used to .   The authenticity of food is why I highly recommend this place to Hawaiian local food seekers and enthusiasts.
Location is odd, in my opinion, and the interior may need some work, but for what it is, this is exactly what I envision a great Hawaiian Local food joint to be! 

The prices are amazing for the amount of food you get.
This is seriously the ONLY place that my boyfriend doesn't have to ask for more rice, OR borrow from my plate! HA.

I always get the spicy korean chicken (think Zippy's korean fried chicken... MMM). If I'm fiending for more variety, I will combo that sucker up with some sweet and sour spare ribs, or whatever special they might have.

Also, my boyfriend and I share one fountain drink, and get a "combo" plate each... the total is still UNDER $20! 

Who can beat that?
Winnahz.
RJ's Just like da kind you can get on the Islands.  Lots of hawaii style local food, katsu, loco moco, span, meat jun, korean spicy chicken, saimen, musubi, teri bowls, etc.  If you are a big eater and want lots of ono island-style food for good price, RJ's is the place. I am getting too old for this so I gotta stick with a bowl with extra veggies or a bowl of saimen.  The combos are too much.  

Service is quick and friendly.  This is old school place.  It's the kind of place you find in Honolulu even though it is Henderson, NV.
Life isn't a beach. It's a chicken bowl from Ross J's!

Ross J's is hella cheap, hella tasty and the service is hella friendly. Total island vibe I am feelin' up in here. 

 I could roll up all sweaty from the gym (which I have), roll out of bed with drool crust on my face (which I haven't) and I think the people would still be cool to me. They treat everyone like family. Hell, half the people there probably are related!

GRUB ON THIS: It's all about the Spicy Korean Chicken Bowl for $3.65. No, it's not that spicy, but it's moist and action packed with Hawaii 5-O flavor. Yes, the chicken has skin so I try to pick most of it off. The portion sizes are for sumo wrestlers and circus elephants so it can no joke feed me for 2.5 meals. Do add extra veggies for $1.10 more. I've also had the lumpia and although it is fried to perfection the guts just seem flavorless and not worth the extra fat and calories in my opinion. The chicken bowl alone is a mouthwatering meal not worth missing.

PEEP THIS:
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SueEpC916vd8Lo3Lyl9_pQ?select=ZcrwnR6ltufG0cOoIfwGew#SsckYmGiLl6vAjmFl0kLLA

FYI: Take it from me. Takeout can be REALLY messy. The savory sauce MAY leak onto your leather car seat. Since it is 198 degrees outside here in Africa, Nevada you may want to keep an extra beach towel and swimsuit in your car. The towel will come in REAL handy about now. (The swimsuit is for spontaneous pool parties and/or mud wrestling.) 

 Ross J's is saving lives one bowl at a time, people. If you can't afford to take DA PLANE DA PLANE to the islands to get your Aloha on well whip out your board shorts and flip-flops and roll up here. It doesn't get cooler than this.
After many good reviews from my fellow yelpers, we decided to give Ross J a go when a milk tea from Noodle Cha Cha was impossible (they were CLOSED on a Saturday afternoon!  WTH?!?).  Well anyways, when we arrived at Ross J, we ordered the Spicy Chicken Bowl with added mixed veggies, Roast Pork Plate, and a drink.  It came out to $15ish.  I told my bf that she must charged him for the Roast Pork under the "ENTREE" heading ($7.50) instead of the roast pork that we noted under the "PLATE" heading ($4.50).  He inquired with the cashier and she firmly said "Well when you said roast pork plate, it is the 'ENTREE'".  He, being the friendly one in this relationship, accepted it because he was hungry regardless. 

The food was ok.  I must agree with everyone about how cheap the spicy chicken bowl is.  I do want to come back to try the corned beef hash, and when I do, I will update my review as I see fit.
This is my new favorite island food place. Great deals and great food. Plate lunches cost just as much as any other place but portions are twice as much. Def recommend it
I love this place. When you think of a Hawaiian BBQ kind of place, I'm sure L&L might come into mind at first, but once you try Ross J's, your Hawaiian food referral is switched. 

Starting off with their service, the staff is friendly and gives off their local Hawaiian feel. (I'm from HI myself) I love the locals service. They're all very welcoming and patient, especially when their lines are longer. However, I feel they're somewhat under-staffed during certain shifts. 

I've eaten here about 4 times and I cannot get enough of the garlic chicken with gravy... What I love is that the gravy isn't too salty, so the flavor of the chicken is what you're tasting with the compliment of gravy. I did try their loco moco, just because my boyfriend ordered the garlic chicken already. Their pork patty to eggs to rice ratio is right on the dot. 

The seating is limited depending on the hour of your visit.  If you're dining in, they serve your entree on large plates. Overall, all visits were worth the drive and money. Youre leaving with a happy stomach :)
Love this place.  Everytime i go here the food is good and the price is just right.  Good selection of local favorites too.
The food is great! 

I ordered pork cutlets from the favorites column and it was a HUGE plate. If I can't finish my meal at any restaurant then that place deserves kudos in my book. 

I think what would've made the experience like the absolute best would be if there was more people working. I came on Sunday and all the seats were taken and only one person was working the cashier and serving the food. Maybe I had bad luck and they just happened to have a chaos grenade go off when I got there...either way my taste buds were satisfied. 

Mahalo.
I just relocated to henderson about a month ago and had lunch with my daughter yesterday. I ordered their won ton saimin with vegetables and hamburger...the food was just like back home. The saimin noodles was fresh and portions was huge...had hard time finish this bugga but manage to put'em away. This place kinda remind me of Shiro's back home in Aiea and fast service with a smile. So, when i get the munchies for local food...braddah this is the place to eat and i going try the kalua pig and cabbage the next time...much mahalos and aloha! By the way, the waitress told me that the owner operates Aloha Specialties,too.
Again, i ate the hawaiian plate this past Friday and everything was so ONO with lau lau,kalua cabbage, lomi salmon and looks like about 2 cups of rice on one big plate. Whew Cuz, after that lunch i came home and had to take a nap little while...so full and contented. Like i said before, this is the place to get your bang for the buck!! Much Mahalos and Aloha from the local boy here in Vegas, but still no can beat home.
It's another plate lunch place!  How many different ones are there now in Vegas?  I am loosing count, but my husband loves his plate lunches, and we're heading here today.  He tells me you'll want to try the spicy Korean chicken, I tell him, I'll look at the menu and decide for myself.  Well once I looked, I ended up getting the spicy Korean chicken.  

It was spicy, crispy and had good flavor, served with two scoops rice and mac salad.  I do like a good plate lunch, but there are so many carbs!
We decided to come here since we thought it was right off the highway. We found out later it is more inland. It is close to the Ethel M chocolate factory just to give you an idea of where it is located. 

I ordered the Spicy Korean Chicken which came with white rice and macaroni salad. It is a huge serving that you can split into two to three meals. I ate all of the macaroni though because that doesn't keep well and it was too delicious to stop. Ross J's does a better macaroni than Baby Stacks. 

The Spicy Korean Chicken was good but I thought it would be spicy I just felt a tinge of spice from it. I also ordered the green drink which is really sweet. It's like drinking juice from concentrate. If you don't have a super sweet tooth I would advise against it. 

It was a good solid meal for a nice price!
This place is awesome!!! And the price is right, oh yeah. I usually get a spam masubi and spicy chicken bowl. Under 5 bucks for a chicken meal?? Such a good deal! The saimin is also fabulous, and for four bucks it is hugeeee. They do daily specials on the board every day, and have a great big selection of authentic hawaiian dishes. I have yet to try anything that is not awesome. I usually call ahead so it is ready when I come, but even when I have walked in the food is always finished fast. It IS a busy place but they manage to take care of everyone at a steady pace.

All of their food is delicious, and the people who run this place are so nice. SO NICE. So what are you waiting for? Come support this awesome local business!
Great food and great prices! The Spicy Korean Chicken Bowl is my favorite. Large portions for low prices. Only 4 stars because of the dive atmosphere, but it's always clean and friendly, and you can't beat the food!!
Try to make it here once a month. Love the spicy korean chicken and spam masubi.
This was my first time here, so my review may change when I return (something I plan to do!).

I went on a Friday night at dinner time. It wasn't super busy and the service was friendly and quick. I ordered the Hawai'ian Plate and Diet Coke and the Mrs. had the same.

The Kalua Pork was the best part of the dish. I'd give this a 5/5 on the awesometown-o-meter of flavor. It was succulent and flavorful, something I long for in pork. If you are looking for properly cooked pig meat, come here.

The white sticky rice and mac salad were very good as well. The only gripes I have were that the salmon...basically didn't exist and that the laulau was just "meh."

I'll head back for the katsu and kalua pork!
One of my favorite places to go for lunch.  There is so much variety on their menu, always have a hard time deciding what to eat. 

The portions of their meal is so BIG !!!   Even the mini size ones.  The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get.  Great bang for your bucks every time I eat here. 

The food taste awesome as well. So glad we are close to this place for lunches.
Solid food for the price. One can easily get by with spending $6 for lunch. For a mixed special rice bowl with spicy chicken cost me that. What you get? A large bowl of rice is piled high with meat and doused with teriyaki sauce. I didn't know that there were no veggies, but they offer a side of them for an additional $1. 

The service is warm and quick. It is no surprise that they have so many people stopping in to get lunch.
Tried them out for a Sunday lunch, and wasn't disappointed. As you might have deduced from the storefront, they are a real mom and pop, hole in the wall sort of place-- prime target for Yelping! 

The interior has a decently sized area for seating if you so choose. I suppose dining out might be a nice experience as well but they seem to get lots of take out business from regulars. That's another thing...you'll probably see a lot of regulars in line ahead of you. That sort of following counts for something. The lady at the counter was friendly and helpful-- no complaints there. 

We ordered some pretty standard staples; the chicken teriyaki with vegetables and the spicy korean chicken bowls. The "bowl" is simply a smaller version of the plate. Considering the portion sizes of their plates, the bowl orders were more than enough food for us, but if you are a hefty eater you may opt for the whole nine yards. I was a tad disappointed but hardly surprised to find that they don't offer brown rice. This is an AUTHENTIC Hawaii style eatery and the options will reflect that. That's not to say that they don't do some unique things here--the menu has many interesting choices on it that I will no doubt be back to try, including a beef rib eye sandwich and Hawaiian fried chicken. Hawaiian expats will certainly find themselves at home here.

As for our food, it definitely met expectations. The chicken teriyaki was not drenched in a nausea inducing amount of glaze like you might find at an L&L. Oh and if you haven't figured it out, this place blows them out of the water. Like seriously. The extra dollar for veggies was worth it but it would have been nice to have some broccoli thrown in there. That turns out to be a separate add on for another dollar. The spicy korean chicken bowl had a unique flavor to it but it could have done with a bit more kick...I felt I needed to add some Sriracha sauce to finish the job. Still, even with the extra money spent for veggies, this food is very competitively priced. You can  walk in with a five dollar bill and walk out full and satisfied. It may not be as healthy as a Teriyaki Boy franchise, (where you can get a low-carb bowl) but it is much tastier and worth driving out of your way for. This joint is a do.
I was initially very hesitant to come here. A lot of my friends talked about how amazing it was but I have been very skeptical of the crap Hawaiian places that seems to be popping up everywhere. Thankfully I was not disappointed.

Located over North Green Valley, Ross J's serves up huge portions of real Hawaiian food. The menu is pretty expansive, they have all the traditional stuff you would find at any Hawaiian restaurants - katsu, saimen, corn beef hash, and the like. But they a couple of their own original stuff: Korean bowls, hamburger steak and the like which are great. Also the prices are very reasonable.

Every dish is a massive amount of food. I don't know how I finish each time but its so damn good. Suggestions: try getting the chicken with out the skin. The skin is a little fatty and actually tastes better with out it. Sub in fried rice for regular rice. The spam fried rice is awesome and goes well with pretty much any dish.

Definitely check this place out if you are looking for some real Hawaiian places.
Ross J's is pretty good! I love how close it is to me and it's really good local food. Not "just like home" but pretty much as good as it gets. Their portions are HUGE!! Definitely one of two places I go to whenever I need my local grindz fix!
I haven't been back in a long while, but still rather satisfied with this spot. 

The portions are large so you can get a lot of bites at a cheap price. It's sort've outrageous actually how big the bowls are. 

The BF and I shared a korean spicy chicken bowl - it's not really "spicy" but more spice flavored sweet soy sauce in that it reminds me of korean food without the heat. It's still pretty good, but this time it wasn't as crunchy on the skin which can make it rather fatty. I don't know how big a actual plate would be if this was a bowl sized. 

Pork katsu menehune plate - menehune is their mini sized plates that has mostly rice, and a tiny scoop (like half what a scoop normally would be). The katsu was crisp and wasn't dried out which seems to happen a lot of pork chop katsus. 

Lumpia shanghai - their was 6 in a order and these were thin and long and not filled with too much. Still, even though I would have liked more filling, the pork, carrot and cabbage filling was decent. 

We also got a side of macaroni since the menehune didn't have too much and the BF loves macaroni. It was a heaping scoop side. 

There was one lady at the counter running the show. Poor auntie had a constant line of people, and had to clear plates and serve so it took a bit for service, but nothing we can fault her on at all. She was doing everything. 

Overall, still probably the best plate lunch Hawaiian food around in flavor and in price. It's no surprise there's this many people flowing in.
ordered a teriyaki chicken bowl to-go..portion size and food were great, along with a great price....but service was just ok..I'll still come back here for the food.
This little restaurant was very good! Tried the Local Plate and Ross J's Special Plate. Both of these were very good! The fried chicken on the special was insane and the Spam Musubi was spot on. Overall atmosphere was casual and friendly. Would definitely come back here!
I got spam and eggs and rice.  I know its nothing big, but I have it at a lot of other places and this was just blah.. I could have totally made it better at home.  My friends said the bowls they got were pretty good, but I just wasn't impressed.  I would rather go to the Cal hotel and get oxtail there or topselog filipino breakfast.   Now that is what I call Yumm.
I gotta say, this place is by far one of the best Hawaiian food joints in Vegas. Funny how this place is kinda a hole in the wall joint. But usually hole in the wall joints usually the best. I like the fact this place has good prices that comes with great food with pretty decent portion sizes. A place that you could come with a big appetite and leave full and happy. Two of my favorite plates to get here is the Korean chicken plate and the Ross j's special. Both plates are roughly 8 to 9 bucks but man, the portion size is huge!!!!!  Good for two meals or two people! Depending on your appetite of course.

Also I like the fact the cashiers are really nice people. You could also tell from the way they talk and there accents that the people here are definitely from the islands. This is one of the very few places in Vegas where you could get authentic Hawaiian food, good customer service, and if you come here fairly often. You are pretty much treated like family. I love this place.
I've gone to this place for lunch a couple of times over the last two years and really liked it. I just never went often. Back in August a friend asked us if we ever went there because we are only a mile away. He said that his family ate there a lot. The very next night we went and for some reason fell in love with it. 

We now frequent Ross J's and I realized tonight that I have never written a review. It's funny reading the reviews because it seems as if everyone votes for the Korean Spicy Chicken. That's the only thing I have ever had there and I love it. I have it with the vegetables. You gotta have the veggies. The service is great. The wonderful lady at the counter introduced herself once, but I forgot her name. I'll find out next time. They are not slow, but they do have to prepare the food so there is a little bit of a wait. I think I'll start calling in my order. 

I actually asked about some other things on the menu tonight ,but ended up getting the same thing. Next time I'll be adventurous. Bottom line...the food is great and the service is great. I love this place.
Okay food. What surprised me was my food came out in 4 minutes, meaning it was precooked. That's ok if I was in a hurry. If I am near here I will return. Good prices.
OMG!!!!! I love this place seriously. I am amazed at how awesome the food is there. I orignally heard about this place from my co-workers and ever since have been coming here. They have very good food at a very reasonable price. It is the best Hawaiian place in Vegas.I am defiantely going to be coming here a lot. Especially, since my work is in the parking lot. Now I am one happy person! Thanks to everyone I work with!
This place is soooo good. I'm in love :) prices are absolutely awesome!
For the price, the quality  of the food and amount of food is pretty good. Did not expect to find a good hawaiian place in henderson. Lunch time specials are great. Currently a regular on this establishment since i work close by.
Prices good and portions big... And most important food was Ono! Cheeee! I recommend the garlic chicken plate
The best! simply put. I love it 5 stars i eat here all the time! SPICY KOREAN! is to die for, In fact I will be in after work to get some. The pricing is amazing for the quality and quantity you get. the staff is very friendly as well.
First of all, this place is CHEAP.  You can get a whole lotta diabetes for not a lot of money.  

Example: Mix plate = Huge filet of breaded chicken, huge filet of breaded mahi mahi, huge portion of Teriyaki beef, approximately 1 pound of cooked, white rice, and mac salad.  All this for $6.95.

INSANE.

Second, big, big selection.  They really do have something for everyone.  And, and, they have my beloved Lau Lau on Fridays (Hawaiian plate, what what).

Third, it's always packed with Hawaiians.  I feel that my presence is probably bringing down their rep, but, whatevs.  I want the diabetes too!

Overall, good Hawaiian spot.  Leftovers for days.  Win.
First time here for dinner before going to see "Man of Steel" at the best movie theater in town.  A popular spot with Yelp peeps, I was pleased to see that they offer breakfast all day.  I had the eggs, Portuguese sausage, and rice for the bargain price of $5.50--deal!  The sausage had a nice little kick to it, but I only got 4 pieces and about 3 cups of rice--for reals.  I think there should be some equity in proportion, but it's so cheap, I guess I can't really complain.  I really can't complain because I didn't even pay--thanks, BP!  Friendly service and a good selection of Aloha eats--mahalo!
I know that Ross J's has been around for quite some time.  Shame on me, that it took me this long to eat here. I'm in the area from time to time and have been to Blue Fin and Sumo, but never here until recent.  The food at Ross J's is comfort island food to me.  Here, you can get pretty much the same dishes that the rest of the Hawaiian joints have.  But here, the prices are cheap and the portions are huge. We arrived one early evening for a quick dinner with friends.  I ended up getting their Loco Moco and Portuguese Sausage Masubi.  Total came to about $7, which is a steal.  Both were full of favor and did I mention the servings?  My Loco Moco had enough rice that was drenched in gravy, topped with eggs, and complimented with two hamburger patties.  If I'm in the area, specifically in this side of Henderson, I now know where to go if I'm craving some comfort food at a great deal. 


Loco Moco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=7S7rzrgGKlbyeW9aTEjyiA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Portuguese Sausage Masubi:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=bsDfORivIAUj9CIkPL5FyQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
As good as everyone said. Portions were large and very good. No poke during the week was a little disappointing, only on Friday's.
After reading the reviews, I was giddy with joy that Ross J's makes mochiko chicken. I made my way here and Lo and behold, Ross J's only serves it when he has time to make it. Oh that hawaiian timetable makes my stomach grumble. I also expected a plate to be massive after reading all these reviews. Usually a hawaiian lunch plate in Hawaii usually can feed  a family of 4. I must have been more hawaiian this day as one plate barely fed 2 of us. The chicken katsu was good and I'll have to try this place again for their hawaiian plate. When's the lau lau and poi coming out?
Best Hawaiian food in town!

Delicious food very reasonably priced. Try the mixed plate!
Been going to Ross J's for over 10 years and everything I've tried there is delicious. My personal fav is spicy Korean chicken and meat jun. The meat jun sauce is crazy good! Ross J's never disappoints!!
FRIDAY= Hawaiian plate= KANAK ATTACK....ALL PAU....cannot breath no mo room. Came in hungry, left tired, but all teeth!! AUURITE!!
Really awesome and delicious food. Korean chicken bowl!! And under 4.00
I ADORE Ross J's. I use to work in the same parking lot and would often forget my lunch on purpose so I could walk and buy my lunch here. I wish I lived/ worked near by but then again I would eat here everyday if I did. 

The prices are very affordable and the owner and his daughter are just lovely. I always get great service here, never any issues. 

I usually order the spicy chicken or the chicken teriyaki add broccoli. The portions are huge, I can't really finish a whole plate on my own. The chicken is cooked perfectly not over done, still moist and juicy. OH and I love the fact they have koolaid.

Seriously if you are ever in the area check them out, they are amazing!!
I'm a regular at another nearby Hawaiian joint but thought I'd try something new.  Wasn't overly impressed walking in but the restaurant itself is not nearly as important as the food it serves.  Went with their signature plate the "Ross J Special" and I can't say there's anything to complain about.  Great flavors, very authentic, and stands out uniquely above other Hawaiian Grills. Might be my new go-to HI spot.
After seeing all the tips and pics of the Spicy Korean Chicken, I was more than intrigued to come here. So when I jus happened to be in the area, there was no doubt what I was gonna have for lunch.

Came here at 11:30 and there was a little line forming already. Ordered my Spicy Korean Chicken with Mushrooms and onions. Threw some sriracha on there (which was on every table) and enjoyed how crispy the chicken was. The onions and mushrooms were the cherry on top. All of this was sittin on top of steamed white rice. I love the teriyaki sauce they put on top. It was just the right amount to bring all the flavors together like a very good orchestral symphony. 

Service was surprisingly fast based off of the customers that ordered before me. Im actually glad I got in at the time I did because around 12, the place got packed quick! That's always a good sign of a good establishment.

Prices are really good for the portions that you get. What I got was supposedly one of the bowl options. Seemed more like a stretched out oblong plate. Mind you they have actual plate combos that give you even more food.

Since all I had was the chicken, I know I have way more reasons to come back here to try out the other great items. 4 solid stars.
I have been going to this place for at least 10 years. I am sorry it took me so long to Yelp it, shame on me.

This place is a little hole in the wall and amazing. You know you are in the right place when you are the only Non Hawaiian in there. 

I always get the same thing. Poke, its only on the menu on  Friday and its really delicious. The mac salad is done right too. 

I learned some Hawaiian slang too. if its good, you say "it broke da mouf! and this place definitely broke my mouf!
This place is great! Everything is so good, and the price is absolutely awesome. This place's Katsu Chicken makes L&L's and taste like chicken nuggets. If you're in this part of town, hit it up for lunch or dinner. You won't be disappointed.
I love this place! One of the best authentic Hawaiian dishes in Las Vegas.  Staff is super friendly. 

On top of their regular menu they also have daily specials.  You never know what dish they will have available for these specials so its always good to visit frequently.

If your craving Hawaiian food this is the place to go!!! 

Be cautious if you are trying to take your lunch break and only have 30 minutes as they get really busy around noon.  I've seen the line as long as out the door.  My advice is to go prior to 12p.
good food
Food,service,atmosphere feels like back home! the prices are just outrageous...cheap! I'm definitely going to be back!
Very good. I always get the Spicy Korean Chicken and Kahlua Pig Combo. The portions are huge and the food is full of flavor. The bathroom was a bit on the gross side, and the dining room could use a cleaning
Never disappointed eating here. Friendly service, hot and fantastic tasting food.  I especially like the spicy chicken bowl.  You can have it with a fountain drink for under $6, what a bargain.
I want to try their breakfast one day.
Once again I'm kind of disappointed at another favorite Hawaiian spot after bringing some coworker. But at least you're food, the non-rice stuff was delicious. 

My 2nd to last time went like this.  We called up and placed an order for a few plates.  When we went to pick it up the guy behind the counter got all butt hurt about separating checks and made it out like we were the ones at fault. They don't have a sophisticated ordering system. And what I did I get in return? A plate filled with a lot of rice and a couple of tiny pieces of their teriyaki roast pork. Tell me if you what this http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ross-js-aloha-grill-henderson?select=UkcdJ3gue48-9FRPJ31tTw#UkcdJ3gue48-9FRPJ31tTw not worth what I paid.  Their rice to non-rice food ration is pretty disappointing.  Who want lots of rice and a little of the good stuff? No other place does that.  You not inventing the wheel. 1 scoop rice or maybe 2 tops not half a pot. Your food is good but not that good enough.

My last time went better just because no one ordered ahead of time. Yea who orders ahead now days? Ordered the spicy Korean chicken it was good, it is what they are known for, but again I got nothing but rice and a few pieces of chicken.

I probably wont make the trip for them anymore but if I'm in the area and feeling like Hawaiian sure why not. Maybe even stop by after a movie or after drinking at the near by businesses.

Solid 3.5 star rating. Best in Henderson/Green Valley sure.
I recently catered some food from Ross Js and the food was delicious. This was the first time I ever tried their food but I had no doubt that it would be good because of previous reviews and recommendations from friends. 

We ordered the chicken teriyaki, chicken katsu, beef teriyaki and the fried rice. The service was very welcoming when I arrived to pick up the orders and the inside of their business seemed very homey. The portions that were given were very generous and for a very reasonable price.

I would rate this establishment over L&L and although I think L&L is good I just think Ross Js is just as good and for a better price.

The only minor con that I noticed but is not enough to knock a star off is the Katsu sauce. Now I know most Hawaiians have ketchup with their food and it goes for Katsu chicken too but at L&L they have a sweet thick gravy type sauce that comes with their Katsu chicken that I prefer over the ketchup.
My favorite hawaiian restaurant I love their macaroni salad and everthing with gravy.
Best local hawaiian food spot in town IMO. The portions are huge, fast service, delicious food. The meat jun and saimin are my favorite things to get!
First of all, the servings are huge!  I can usually get 2-3 meals out of an order, especially if it's a large order.  So far I have had the kalua pork and katsu chicken.  Although the kalua pork was a little salty for my taste (I'm not a huge salt fan), I enjoyed both dishes.  I always substitute the fried rice - it is very flavorful.  I can't put my finger on what it is, but the macaroni salad has a unique flavor to it.  I enjoy it, but my mother was not a fan (more for me!).  My only complaint about this place is that they often have a large list of items that they are out of, but I guess you know that everything is fresh that way.  I'm a fan.
Best Hawaiian food in Las Vegas. 

Big portions reasonable prices. If you go during lunch hours during the week it get a little busy but defiantly worth the wait. 

I usually do the Ross Js Special Pack it's a BIG plate so usually don't finish it all. 

Spicy Korean is great as well. 

They have poke Friday's so If I'm there on a Friday I do the Poke.

Also, the Red punch goes good with any meal!
the first time i ate here, the portion was super small.  but i gave it another try.  glad to say i was not disappointed this time around.  korean chicken is pretty good.  you can create your own combo, which is always a plus.  saimin is a definite throwback to back home.  everything here tastes good.  one of my favorite local grinds.
I love you Ross J, I don't think it's allowed how cheap you are. I've had this place bookmarked for awhile. We were randomly around the area and decided to check it out.

So many decisions, so little stomach. Luckily, there were 4 of us that could have tried 4 different plates. Too bad 3 of us for the same thing. The small Korean chicken was so fulfilling. If you get a small one, you should add some onions and mushrooms, it'll come out to be $5, definitely not that bad. Want to make it even better? My friend got it with noodles instead of rice. It was the best thing ever. 

I used to wonder what was so good about saimin, if pretty much just ramen right? Nope! It was so much more flavorful!

The spamusubi also had a bunch of sauce, yumm!

Meat Jun: kind of a disappointment. Not as flavorful as everything else and it really just didn't stand out.

Too lazy to read this review? Long story short, get everything!
I've been here about four times now but this is the first time I've ever posted a review for this place.  So far, so good, I have yet to have a bad experience at this restaurant.  The food is wonderful and the prices are reasonable compared to other Hawaiian restaurants; and the restaurant itself - it's great.  If you feel like eating in, there's plenty of room for that as there is ample seating available.
Real good ! Big portions I mean huge. Great flavor, a must try if in the area.
This place is flat out amazing.

Every Item on the menu is great. I love the Spicy Korean chicken the most though. My other favorites would have to be the Fried chicken, chicken katsu, hamburger katsu, and the Kalua pig.

Best Hawaiin food in town.
I was really disappointed when I tried the spicy Korean chicken... it seemed like a lot of people praised the menu item, but it was not great at all. In fact, it just tasted like chicken with some fried breading with very little flavor. I gave the restaurant a benefit of the doubt and gave another chance of the spicy Korean chicken, and it was still the same.. so in conclusion, spicy Korean chicken is not very good. 

Sad to say, but is one of my least favorite Hawaiian restaurants in town. Does not have friendly service either. 

Probably won't go back.
Ohh Buddy where do I start, how about best Hawaiian food in Las Vegas, no Waite better yet best Hawaiian food in the continental United States, Yha this is the authentic Hawaiian food you expect from the islands, ohh I just might be here for lunch and dinner today, I do recommend getting the beef bowl with gravy, add pork fried rice, and also add the mushrooms and onions, the gravy is soooooo good I can just drink it, I know I know that sounds nasty "drinking gravy" but who cares what you think this gravy is amazing!!! And you can make a sprunch (sprit and punch)
Chose to try Ross J's last night, and I must say I was really liked it! I had the spicy Korean chicken bowl, my husband had sausage with eggs and rice, and my kids shared a chicken katsu. Price for everything was around $14.00. What?!!! Food tasted great and the price was even better. Kicking myself for not coming here sooner!
This place rocks. Real Hawaiian food, great prices. Definitely be back.  Great service too!
I have never in my 24 years of life thought any establishment other than McDonald's put drugs in their food until i came to Ross Js. I swear I have become a fiend for their spicy korean chicken with extra sauce. its to the point where i will leave my house early for work just so i can stop and get my spicy korean chicken fix. I wish they were open later so i could eat it when i get off work. But i mean really the portion size is very filling and its beyond cheap[$4.05 for a chicken bowl come on not even subway can beat that]. personally i have tried the other stuff on the menu but me being such a picky eater that didnt go over so well but i will always come back for my chicken bowl with extra sauce.
AMAZING! Everyone in there is just super friendly and the food is AMAZING! There are days when I eat here for breakfast then do a quick run for lunch. I'd have to say that the spicy Korean chicken bowl is one if my favorites. If I'm in the mood for beef I always get teriyaki beef bowl with onions and mushrooms. Ross J's just has so many choices that there is always something new. I would definitely recommend eating here! Fast. Friendly. And good. What more could someone want?
In town tried this place b/c of all the positive reviews. Wish I hadn't. Had the Local Plate included 2x spam masubi, teriyaki chicken & beef & mac salad side. Mac salad & masubi wasn't bad but nothing special. Teriyaki was really bad. My kids had wonton soup & they usually love wontons but not this time. 
Like another reviewer said service wasn't friendly just matter of fact.

Next time visiting will not be eating here.
Affordable, delicious, Hawaiian food!
Staff are always so friendly!
Great selection of foods to choose from!

Personal favorites : Beef Stew, Meat Jun, Mochiko Chicken, Fried Saimin, and Loco Moco!

I'm not sure if I've tried everything on the menu but it's good food everytime!
This place is da bomb! Korean chicken is delicious, my wife gets the Ross J's special with old fashion fried, this is the best deal for the money. My fav is the hamburger katsu with 2 eggs on top, onolicious!  The garlic chicken,  teriyaki butter fish and roast pork is also very good. We love this place!
If you want to be reminded of being back home in Hawaii then I'd recommend Ross J's. It's definitely the best Hawaiian place I've had since moving to Las Vegas. Great friendly staff, affordable food, quick service if your looking for a fast meal to go. The Spicy Korean Chicken bowl one of my favorites. For being as cheap as they are they give really good portions that always leave me taking the rest home in a to-go box. Overall I've never had a bad experience at Ross J's and I would recommend it to anyone who lives in the Henderson area that wants some real quality Hawaiian food.
Forget all the other so-called Hawaiian plate lunch places, all you need to know is Ross J's Aloha Grill! Large menu selection with local favorites and served with Aloha by actual Hawaii guys. We were warmly greeted walking in and also when leaving with our delicious assortment of musubi, lumpia, and plate lunches. Food was really good, rice and meats cooked to perfection, no dry rice here. My only regret is that we found this place on our last day in Vegas, at least we have spam and Portuguese sausage musubi for our long drive to Oregon :)
This is real deal Hawaiian period. Was in town. Tired of casino food. Wanted away from the strip. So me and my lady hit Roy J's. I had the Aloha Bento plate and she had the Teriyaki Combo. We shared some fruit punch. Everything was killer. The only problem is now when I go home I won't be able to find Hawaiian this good.
I'm surprised I haven't left a review.  Well I have been here about three or four times and it's not so bad when you want to get your Hawaiian fix.  I like this place because they have fresh sides like broccoli or kimchee.  If you're from Hawaii, you know the islanders just look for their protein and rice, oh and Mac salad. Lol!  

I walked in this time around and was disappointed that they didn't have the butterfish on the menu and then I didn't see any other fish dishes in the menu.  I was so upset that I walked out, however my husband stayed because he wanted to eat. He knew I was grouchy and hungry, as was he, so he actually had asked (unlike me) to see if they had butterfish.  Aunty said, not supposed to, but guess what, she made one for me!  I then got back into a better mood, oopsie.

Warning, they give plenty of rice.  I don't really eat rice and rice takes most of your plate.  They might be better off using the ice cream scooper like everyone else...haha, why not, right?  But that's my reasoning for the three stars.  Mac salad was pretty mean and I will say that I actually killed the Mac salad way before even eating half my lunch.
I remember when they were located across the street from where they are now. 

Affordable, a lot of food and more importantly delicious! They have steady regulars so make sure you stop between rush hours. 

Always been a favorite of their breakfast offerings, loco moco and beef stew. Friendly  staff! Don't let the gangster looking dude with the bandana fool u. He is a nice dude and professional. 

Best Hawaiian food in Vegas. Hands down.
There isn't anything on Ross J's that I don't like. Ultimate faves are the Spicy Korean Chicken and the Meat Jun. Their mac salad is just so good that I always have to order an extra side of it. This place is truly a gem and whenever I need to feed that craving for "local grinds", this will always be my go to spot.
Great spot , nothing beats a little local food joint ! A lot of people been telling me of this place over the last couple months and I decided to go check them out and let me say not bad !
All I can say is that this is my number one  hawaiian food spot! Spicy combo bowl is the best as well as their loco moco!! Service is very personable and I always feel homey when I come here!! I love Ross Js!!
I had a pregnant patient with high blood pressure. She kept coming into her appointments saying she ate too much once again. Lol. I had to ask, well what is so good that you just have to eat all the time? She introduced me to Ross J's, and I've been hooked ever since. They have an amazing Korean spicy chicken bowl for $3.75, and it is amazing (I'm a wuss when it comes to spicy and this is perfect). Also, their spam musubi is on point. Hands down best Hawaiian food in Vegas. Large portions. Cheap cost. Great quality. Always a good crowd.
Was introduced to this place by a friend and have been a couple times now. The food is good and the portions are big. Very affordable. Will definitely be going anytime I am on that side of town.  Had the Teriyaki steak plate the first time and the Loco moco the second.  Both were great.
Quite possibly the best Hawaiian food place in Las Vegas,Ross J's Aloha Grill is located in the Green Valley area in Henderson,making it a bit of a drive for Las Vegans who don't live on the east side of the I-15 - but it is worth the drive,I guarantee it. 

The service is always great; the staff very personable and friendly,as well as quick and efficient.

The venue itself is comprised of all booths,which I personally prefer to tables (there are a few tables in the back part of the restaurant,for handicapable guests).

The food - don't get me started on the food. In addition to being easy on the wallet,the food is freshly prepared and (depending how slammed the venue is) always promptly out. They have the Hawaiian staples - spam musubi,chicken katsu,etc. but what makes Aloha Grill stand out is their combination bowls (rice bowl toppings for under $7!) and the customer's ability to substitute the regular jasmine rice that comes with their meal for Aloha Grill's pork fried rice (worth the extra $2,trust me). 

A must try,whenever you're on the east side,definitely consider stopping in! Aloha!
I just love this place. I've had a lot of their other items but my standard order is the spicy korean chicken bowl for $3.75. Then I add a side of Kimchi and a drink. You're out the door for just over $7 something. On a side note, if you order something else and want to try the Spicy Korean chicken, you can add it as a side for only $2.65 I think, or around there. I'm quoting from memory. I recall it being very cheap.

What I like about the chicken is it's more flavour than spice...I don't think it's spicy anyways. That's why I pair it with the kimchi just to bump it up a bit. Also, this is chicken with the skin on. They cook the skin until it's crispy. 

BTW Kimchi is very good for you, as it's a fermented veggie. A side of kimchi costs around $1.30 I think. Again, I'm recalling from memory so I might be slightly off. It's a super food in that they've done studies of kimchi lowering your cholesterol if eaten daily. It's also low fat, low calorie and high fibre.

Due to the fermentation process kimchi is an excellent source of probiotics, these are the good bacteria that help your body fight off various infections. Kimchi is also packed with vitamins and minerals such as vitamin A, some B vitamins, iron, calcium, and selenium.  These all contribute to supporting muscle growth, improve your immune system, and improve blood flow.

I don't know what this bowl looks like togo, but for dining in, they do not skimp. it's one of the best deals in town.

TIP: order an extra side of the Spicy Korean chicken because you can get two meals if you only eat half of the rice and save half for later. Mind you I am judging this by the amount given for dining in. I'm diabetic and the official serving size for rice tends to be much less than the average american would chow down on. Portion sizes should be much smaller than most people eat. SO...if you are not a total pig and you are used to portioning out your rice, you should get 2 meals of rice out of this bowl. This breaks down to about $6.50 for two meals. Not bad huh?
Very delicious. Reasonable prices. My husband and l stopped by randomly and will come back again. He ordered the teriyaki combo plate and I have the spicy chicken combo bowl. Very delicious and nice customer service! You should check it out!
Wow! I was really impressed with this whole in the wall. I heard from a few friends how good this place was but didn't get a chance to try until today. I ordered the spicy korean chicken with mushroom and onions. It was far beyond excellent.  I saw a gentlemen order the samw thing but instead of white rice he got fried rice. I guess I'll have to come back to give that a try.  But for now, this place earns a 5 star from me!
Awesome food at a great price!   We thought that the portions would be small based on the price.  Wrong! The spicy Korean chicken bowl was filled with delicious crunchy sweet chicken. The sauce was a perfect compliment with the fresh vegetables.  The roast pork was served with a very flavorful gravy over rice with a small serving of macaroni salad.  We were so full that we didn't get to the fried noodles.   Took them home for a late night snack! We live across town but will definitely be back!
When you are missing island homestyle grinds or want to get a taste of Hawaiian comfort food, you'll find it here!  I was in heaven back in '01 when they opened their 2nd place here in Green Valley. Aloha Specialties at the Cal is their first restaurant. Since then Ross J's has gone through one move but it is still the same family and still the same ono (good) eats!  

2 scoops of rice, 1 scoop mac (macaroni)salad, and choice of meat and you have your traditional Hawaiian "Plate Lunch!" That's what I wanted today. I got the "Hawaiian Plate" which came with Kalua Pig and Lau Lau. The price is right too! 

Loooove the Kalua Pig and Lau Lau. Both are moist with a lot of flavor and portion wise, fine enough for me...but DANG THE RICE..it was more like 2 shovels than 2 scoops of rice! I hardly eat rice as it is so there was plenty left that got wasted.  Now I remember why I hardly am here anymore.  Not trying to come off as a health nut, but dietary wise too much starches, not enough veggies.  Ahh no worries I'll just shake it off in Hot Hula Fitness classes at the gym. 

Ross J crew always full of Aloha. They still remember us and come out to say hi. Atmosphere here is pretty laid back. I can show up sans no makeup, crazy hair wearing slippahs in the winter and no one gives me stink eye. 

The place is clean, it's been through couple changes throughout the years. Gone is the awesome mural they had at the original location.  The booths in dining area had blue seating with the surf scene on it. It's now red  hibiscus flowers.  But for going on fifteen years here in Henderson this place still gots the island flavor!
Best Hawaiian/Filipino fusion ever. I love their food. Service is good. I usually get their lumpia and some kind of rice dish. Students from my school come here all.the.time.
This place is amazing! I cannot resist good Hawaiian food, it's the perfect comfort cuisine. This is one of the best Hawaiian food joints I have ever eaten at.

-Awesomely friendly service
-Big portions
-Big menu with many options
-Everything is delicious
-CHEAP! It's hard to find good cheap Hawaiian food these days

I tried my personal favorite Loco Moco and was impressed. It was simply delightful. 

Do yourself a favor, drive 15 minutes to Henderson from the strip and try them out.
The food here is better than a lot of food places in HAWAII for local flavors. We had the won ton mein and the Hawaiian plate with beef stew. I eat here often since it is closer to me than the related Aloha Specialties at the CAL. The food is authentic local kine grinds and the service is full of the Aloha spirit. I have had the Aloha plate and the Korean chicken plate on previous visits and both are excellent too.
A Good place for Hawaii Local Kine Grinds. The best I've tried here is the loco mock with extra gravy, chicken katsu, mochiko chicken, Korean chicken and the won ton min is yummy just like home. If you eating a plate plenty white rice and a scoop of Mac salad. 
staff is always freindly and plenty of local ohanas frequent this establishment.
they also have one in the California Hotel Aloha Specialties if you go downtown.
I was actually visiting from San Diego, CA and the only hawaiian food we have is L&L's.. I stepped into this place because of the reviews on yelp and not to my surprise... Its busy. Chicken katsu was sold out which I found..odd but, I figured it was because it was good. The gentlemen helping me recommended the garlic chicken with gravy. I ordered that along with musubi and literally, best fucking hawaiian food I've ever had. I wish I had more macaroni salad.
This might not be the right one or this shows a wrong address because the one I went to was at 2439 South Valley View in Las Vegas, NV.

When we went to Vegas for a wedding, I had to try this place because some friends of mine said  they're fried rice comes really close to Shirley's back on Guam which we all loved. And in my opinion...it was F&*KIN' GOOD! So good that the boyfriend and I went back 2 days later and ordered it again. Keep in mind that this is a simple island food establishment. So there are no frills and just damn good food. Obviously, I had the combo fried rice which had spam, portuguese sausage and char-sui (chinese BBQ pork). YUM. They have a huge menu so next time I'll definitely try something else.
Love it! Unlike all the other Hawaiian BBQ shops around that just copy L&L, this is a true mom and pop kinda place.  Big menu, Big portions.  Friendly service.  Food is good and not very healthy but hey! it's island food! I do think most people get take out versus dining in though.  The Lau Lau is the size of a brick and so much katsu in one serving i can eat it for 3 meals.
As Karen K says in her review of this restaurant, this address is WRONG!
**** Yelp has since changed the address! Now you can all find your way to ONO! ***

 BUT, boy can I say that although this place hasn't gotten much attention on Yelp, it's certainly gotten enough attention to stay open for 15 years! I had a short but friendly conversation with the older man who works there. (I'm sure he's probably one of the owners OR SOMETHING, and I thought it was cute he was in a shirt, slippahz and shorts!) They are closed on Mondays, which is an odd day, but at least they are available for Sunday church-goers! The menu is extensive, and they have pictures of almost everything they serve up on the walls, along with some interesting pictures and a few local articles. 
The food is amazing and portions are generous! It is Local/Hawaiian style food from a hole-in-the-wall mom & pop sort of place, so don't expect wonderful presentation or anything, but the taste is definitely there. In fact, they have some of the best mac salad I've tried... WAAAAY better than L&L's hands down! I've been there twice, and have had a chance to eat the Sweet & Sour Spare Ribs, THEY FALL RIGHT OFF THE BONE! and taste just like home... MMM and the second time I went I had the Beef Sukiyaki! It was much bigger than what most Japanese restaurants would serve and it came with rice. My boyfriend had the Combo Adobo the first time. He preferred the chicken Adobo over the pork, and the second time we went, he had the special that came with Lomi-Lomi Salmon, Kalua Pig, & Lau Lau. EVERYTHING WAS GREAT! Also, the both times we've went large families have come in and dined as well. I'm talking about 15-20 people all at once! They also got taken care of well, considering that there is one cook, and one server. Amazing how they handle themselves!

If I lived closer to this, I'd definitely be getting take out more often... but I'd say it is worth the drive, regardless. 

If you're looking for some "local kine grindz"  this is a spot to hit. They get the flavors right on, and at the same time offer friendly & casual service.

OH, and they have shave ice!!! THE REAL SHAVE ICE! NOT "snow-cones" and they are only $1.75 for up to 3 flavors (if I'm remembering correctly.) You can even add ice cream for a small extra charge. Talk about feeling like you're back on da 'aina. Thank goodness for Hawaiian Hale.
I usually don't write reviews unless i feel necessary but this place is ONO! SUPER ONO! broke da mouf! so i gotta spread the word to all my kama' aina out there to go to this place. 
Kay, i go to Vegas a lot and i must say the selection of local food here is pretty good coming from someone who lives in LA. BTW this review is legit since Im actually a local, so i know what local food is. But I came here after Church cuz I know that Island Flavor is closed on Sundays. Cute lil auntie/uncle joint, decided to try the cutlet since the picture showed it was swimming in gravy. pork cutle, all rice, and the bf got saimen since he wasnt feeling well, oh and i also got a fruit punch cuz i loves me my fruit punch but not "hawaiian punch" as they serve at the regular American restaurants.. While Auntie Michelle, the owner, went to prepare our order, had about 2 couples in there, Haunani and her husbandm i forget his name but he was wearing one long sleeve "the bus" shirt (His name is Van de Guzman!! and he plays awesome music)  (he does the music at boulder station, you should go check him out) and another couple with their kid. I noticed right away that the pidgin was real heavy there and they was talkin smack about people's high school so i knew right away that this was home. They was real friendly too, talkin to me and the BF and forgiving him for not being from the islands lol all good. Okay but  back to the food, OMG someone call Perry and Price cuz  this place HIT THE SPOT!! the batter they use for the cutlet is real flavorful not like kinda plain like at L & L and it was a real generous portion. Gravy was nice and thick and the BF's saimen was good too, not like shiros kine but zippys kine. Fruit punch came in the hawaiian sun can too. Now the portions were not as big as island flavor but the hospitality, the warmth, aloha spirit combined with bombastic food makes this place no. 1 in my book for local food. Will definitely come back and work on becoming a regular. If you visit, tell'm Joanne from Waipahu sent you!
I was craving Hawaiian food, so I decided to give this place a try. I felt kind of awkward when I walked in because there were no customers in the restaurant and two of the employees were sitting down and watching tv. But the woman who was working got up from her chair and greeted me as soon as she saw me. 

I wanted Lau Lau and Kalua Pig, so I decided to order the Hawaiian Special Plate to go. It came with white rice, Lau Lau, Kalua Pig and a small side of Lomi Salmon. It was a bit expensive - $10.50, but I thought it was a better deal, rather than ordering the Lau Lau Plate plus a side of Kalua Pig, which would have came out to over $15.00.

The portions were big, so it was worth the price I paid. The Lau Lau was HUGE! You will seriously have enough leftovers for 2-3 meals! It was nice and hot, cooked well and tasted very good. The Kalua Pork on the other hand was a disappointment. It was very dry and lacked flavor. I had to throw it out. Maybe I just went on a bad day, but it was sad because I really like Kalua Pork and it tasted horrible! 

I wouldn't mind coming back here to try other items on their menu. Hopefully I will be really hungry the next time!
Best Hawaiian food place I have ever been to in vegas. The food was delicious, the service was awesome, and the portion are great. Very good place to satisfy ones cravings for Hawaiian food.
The best hawaiian food on the mainland.  The kalua pig and poi is sooo ono.  The spam saimin with a cracked egg from here can cure a hangover in seconds.  I go to vegas about 10 times and year and always eat here.
it's been a while since i've been here but i use to come here all the time and i definitely recommend this place. pretty casual place, not main stream, fast and friendly service. all of their portions are huge. best loco moco in town, big serving of rice, 2 big hamburger patties that don't taste or feel store bought like other places, topped with eggs and a bunch of gravy.  you also should try the kalua and cabage, lau lau, etc and compare it to what you've had around town. i don't know if they still have it but take a look at their scrapbook binder, all the people thats been there over the years, look for my signature from 10 years ago.
Uh, why did I just find out about this place now?  This place is awesome!

Now, okay, the outside is scary looking.  Scary looking as in it looks like a dump.  But, inside, my friends, is delicious Hawaiian food (the sign does, however, state they serve Hawaiian, Filipino, Japanese AND American).

Like the outside, the inside of the restaurant is not fancy. At all.  The walls are covered with pictures of famous Hawaiians and newspaper clippings referencing the Hawaiian population in Las Vegas.  It's cute and I thought it gave the place character.

The tables are spartan but the menu is extensive.  They have boiled peanuts on the menu but I was unable to order them as they had just run out.  I give them a pass on that because boiling peanuts takes a freakin' long time. I've done it, it sucks. Oh well, next time.

I ordered the Mix Plate which is $10. The Mix Plate includes kalbi, chicken katsu, kimchi, rice, and macaroni salad. The chicken katsu was an enormous cut of chicken that was both moist but not greasy.   The kalbi, although a little sweet, was perfectly cooked and not too fatty.  The macaroni salad tasted 100% homemade.  The kimchi portion was small but tasty.  And, to top if off, I received two giant scoops of white rice.  Oh, and by the way, the portions are enormous. 

My companion had the Hawaiian plate (around $10) that includes lau lau, kalua pork, and two huge scoops of rice.  It was the biggest serving of lau lau I've ever seen.  It was also the tastiest.  The kalua pork was also delicious and moist, but not as fantastic as the lau lau.  The lau lau is definitely a winner. 

Also, because we didn't expect such large portions, we ordered a side of Spam musubi (it's like Spam sushi) for $3.95.  A side includes two pieces and we scarfed it down.  I would likely go to Hawaiian Hale just for the musubi. Yum.

The best part about this place, however, is the homey feeling.  Our servers were the sweetest ladies and we all watched an episode of "House Hunters" that was playing on the restaurant's T.V.  Just, totally casual, like you're at a friend's house.  I'll definitely be back for the tasty, artery-clogging food and HGTV bonding.
Had the shrimp fried rice and egg foo young.  DAMN....the egg foo young was sooooooooo good!!  Gotta go back and try more.
Every time I go to Vegas I try to eat here, hole in the wall joint but awesome food. You can't get more authentic than this place. Last time I had Hawaiian food this good it was from Hawaii. I think I have had a little bit of everything here but the best was the LauLau. Big portions cheap price. The people here are so nice. Definitely recommend it to all my friends, I rather go to a joint like this than thefake/fancy spots near the strip.
If you don't at least try the shaved ice, you are missing out BIG! I loved the food. Don't let the location or the interior fool you. It is a hole in the wall, but it has VERY friendly owners and VERY good food. I will go there when I have an appetite for Hawaiin food again.
Ok, time to bring these reviews down to reality.

Note: I am not an Hawaiian food expert so if you are, take that into consideration.

This Resturant has Kitchen nightmare written all over it.  The Resturant itself is in TOTAL disrepair.  Lights and air conditioning don't work, the carpet is filthy, the tables are scattered with outdoor lawn chairs, cables hang from the ceiling, decor is beyond decayed.

FOOD: based on reviews here, I had the Hawaiian plate.  The pork had over 1 pound of pure fat in it.   Maybe that's the Hawaiian way, but for me it looked totally disgusting.   My wife had the teriyaki bowl.  Parts of it were burnt and afterwards she was complaining her stomach hurt.  Rice was ok.

DETAILS
Resturant:  1/10 (this ain't homey -- it's rundown)
Ambiance:  1/10 (scary!)
Service: 5/10 (a little slow but friendly)
Cleanliness: 1/10 (board of health should be concerned.)
Food: 1/10 (we were trying to determine what was editable. Not good.)
Restroom: don't know.  I was too scared to go in.
Parking: 4/10 (small lot)

Overall quality seemed to be totally lacking.
The ULTIMATE BEST BEST Hawaiian food I have ever eaten! The Katsu is such crunchy deliciousness. They have Fried Rice Spam Musubi that I LOOOOOOVE! Everything on the very large menu is DELICIOUS. Believe me, everytime we go to Vegas, our whole group goes and we each eat something different. So we've tried it all. Service is slow cause its like a mom & pop restaurant, but so worth it. I vouch for everything on the menu. You can't go wrong. But definitely the katsu and fried rice musubi is the most special!
Doors locked, no furniture inside.  Apparently out of business.
Awesome place.  Laulau's are good and moist.
I really wish I could give this restaurant more stars, but unfortunately, nothing about it really sticks out in my mind.

The Katsu is average, even slightly on the dry side.

The Kalbi is average, maybe slightly over-sweet

All the rolls remind me of rolls I can pick up at the grocery from Vegas Express Shushi

In fact, the only thing that slightly peeks up above average is the Mango Salad. (Typical garden salad, but with mango chunks, but with a nice zesty vinaigrette that contrasts well with the sweetness of the mango)

There's nothing bad about it, service is always fast and friendly, it's just that nothing about it really pushes it over the top into a higher ranking.  

- Recommended if you just need a Hawaiian food fix and can't be bothered to go to Aloha Island.
This is the best Hawaiian place I've had in town. I agree with other reviewers that Kalbi is not the best, and it is on the dry side...however there are plenty of choices with more than 35 entrees on the menu to choose one of the more delicious options.

I myself love the affordability of this place; You really do get a lot with your meal---any numbered meat meal comes with Miso soup, macaroni salad, white rice and regular salad or steamed veggies. I especially love Maui chicken special, tofu salad and mango and avacoado salad here--all of these are out of this world!!! Salmon, meat dumplings and noodles are also above average.

This is by far one of the best lunch spots in town. I would not recommend it for dinner, unless it's a quick affair--the place has a fast-food type of atmosphere. However, if you are not looking to dine in style and just want some authentic-tasting Hawaiian food (this restaurant was highly recommended to me by a native Hawaiian co-worker), Maui Rose is an excellent choice.

P.S. A variety of Hawaiian juices, drinks, snacks etc are offered for sale here that are more difficult to find elsewhere.
This restaurant was highly recommended to me.  I tried a combination plate, but was not impressed. I liked the beef, it was tender and flavorful. The chicken katsu was dry.  The roll and macaroni salad was bland.  But my biggest complaint was the teryaki sauce.  It was watery and bitter.  Maybe I am used to Aloha Specialities  in the California Hotel, but I was not impressed.
Pretty good fast food Hawaiian BBQ. The food here is a tad greasy..but it taste very good!
Good stuff. Very good portions for the price. Not quite as good as the real thing (lived on O'ahu for three years) but still very good for being 3000 miles from Hawaii. Haven't had a chance to eat at any of the local L&L's (the gold standard IMO) but this was still pretty good.
Macaroni salad, macaroni salad, M-a-c-a-r-o-n-i  S-a-l-a-d!   I don't think I've had macaroni salad this good.    I have no idea what the heck is in it, but it is truly addictive.  I often times go there and order just that.  Ono Hawaiian was my first experience with Polynesian fare.  The menu was kind of exotic, for a Hispanic girl anyway.  Spam-burgers?  Well, my grandma did used to make spam tacos.  I haven't tried the burgers yet, but they're on my list.  I've had their chicken katsu which is very good, but my favorite is the Kahlua pork which is truly delicious smokey, porky goodness.  I've had their catering on a couple of occasions and it's been quite a hit with my guests.  Their catering is pretty  affordable; where the most I've spent is like $150, and that fed over 25 people.  My only complaint is that over the years, they've gotten kind of chintzy with the serving size of macaroni salad that comes with every meal.    Ono Hawaiian BBQ is good, fast, affordable, and it's definitely thinking "outside the box".
Good food, I was stationed in Hawaii for a couple of years and it is very close to the real thing. All you need now is Spam!!!!!
I'm on a quest to try all the local island restaurants and heard that Ono was a great place to get Hawaiian.  Inside there was ample seating with faux marble top tables and bright yellow painted from the ceiling to mid-wall.  The island dcor is subtle with the exception of a single surf board mounted on one wall.  In fact, it seemed random and out of place given the lackluster island theme.  But who really cares about dcor if the food is good, right?

Their plates are pictured so if you've never had chicken katsu, you @ least know what it looks like.  I ordered the mahi-mahi & BBQ chicken combo served on a bed of cabbage, with rice, a scoop of mac salad for about $7.  The fried fish was a little on the dry side and the chicken was a boneless thigh that was moist/juicy but I attribute that to the fact it was dark meat.  The mac salad was a little heavy on the mayo but otherwise ok.  It was quite a bit of food and I split it into a few meals.  The fish was horrible on day 2 and the grease from the chicken was even more pronounced.  (Sigh).  I did find it interesting that they also had musubi on the menu!  If you're not a fan of Hawaiian BBQ, they also have burgers and salads.

The service was good and the food was decent.  I'd return if I were in the area but wouldn't make a special trip.
Very good food, certainly good portions for the cost (sometimes for a 2nd meal or to share!)

I enjoy this eatery for sure!
Not so good. Got very sick after eating the mahi mahi and macaroni salad.
I do believe now that Ono is superior to L&L. Bigger portions, better quality...and their spam musubi is better than anything I ever had while living in the beautiful 50th state. Ono = win.
Aloha,
Having lived in Hawaii 20+ years i dig into a plate lunch now n then.
I went to Ono(Means taste good in Hawaiian)And i was stoked.
I go for the bbq  chicken its  marinated in pineapple juice i think
2 scoop rice and mac salad.
These guys do chicken well
The place is jammed on a wed.  at lunch
Wish they had this kine in London
A.B.

and i will be back
If you are the type of person who likes Chinese take out, with a mindset of "it is what it is" then you'll likely love Ono's. We have dined at very high end restaurants, and obviously Ono's wouldn't compare to that. But sometimes you're just plain in the mood for something fast and comforting. In that instance, Ono's is great. I am baffled by the people who talk about how bad their burgers are, you don't get a burger at the Chinese take out  place...why would you do that at a Hawaiian barbeque restaurant? We love the basic barbequed chicken, white rice, and macaroni salad. It's mild, flavorful, the kids love it, and it's a nice change of place from Chinese. Great for picnics or a quick dinner.
I love having a nice combination of Hawaiian BBQ.  I like two scoops of mouth-watering macaroni salad, a scoop of warm fluffy rice, and some deliciously grilled meat all in one plate.  Ono's offers this and sooo much more.  ::saliva gurgle::

The first time I had Ono's, I was running around, trying to organize a bridal shower.  The lovely Bridezilla had me one, "no, like this" away from snapping her head off.  So one night, I decided to grab some yummy Hawaiian BBQ at a reasonable price [the princess wanted a *nice* bridal shower].

So *nom nom* later, I'm hooked.  I love Ono's!  The place is clean and bright, service is speedy and friendly, portions are huge, and the food is good.  I've been there a million times and I really don't see an end to it any time soon!
Absolute goodness!!!  I have been coming to this place over and over again for 3 years.  Love the Chicken Combo, Hawahiian BBQ Mix, Mahi & BBQ Chicken Combo, Spam Musubi, BBQ Chicken Musubi, and the Ono burger.  YUM!  Miss me miss Hawaii!
I'm somewhat of a newbie when it comes to Hawaiian BBQ. I've seen an increase of these kind of places sprout up over that past couple years but never really tried one until late last year. I found out that day, that I love Hawaiian BBQ. 

The first time I came here was last week. I was running some errands & wanted a quick bite. I tried the Hawaiian chicken & rice bowl. The meat was fresh & juicy not to mention plentiful. They have free sides of Teriyaki sauce so I mixed in a little with the rice which made the meal all the better.

The second time I ate here was last night. I decided on the Hawaiian BBQ mix which consists of chicken, beef, & short ribs. It comes with sides of rice & macoroni salad on a bed of cabbage(or more rice if your like me & don't like cabbage). I paid $7.99 + $2.00 for a drink. Well worth it! Once again all the meat was fresh, hot, & tasted great. The rice was wonderful & the macaroni salad was perfect(a little heavy on the mayonnaise but that's the way I like it). I wasn't able to eat it all in one sitting because there was so much food & brought the rest home. I loved it. The customer service was great & the dining room was clean. I will be back for sure.
We've been coming here for three years now and if I wrote this review when we when we had it the first year, I'd give it at least a four star, maybe even a five.  However, it seems like the cut of meat they've been using lately isn't so great anymore.  The taste is still the same and quite frankly it's about the only thing that's keeping me from giving it a two star (you can't go wrong with sweet sauces!!) but the quality of the meats doesn't seem that great.  Maybe it was just the past few times that we've been there we've had a "bad experience".

The food is pretty much carb and protein overload.  Rice, meat, a tiny bit of cabbage (on most meals).  Simple but delish.  You order up front and they call you number when the food is ready.  They also have a few soup/noodle selections (a little too salty for my taste but decent) and salads, too.  And, if you're not too hungry, you can order the mini-meals which is a much smaller portion of the regular meals offered.  I definitely recommend that if you are watching your diet but want a "treat".

They used to have really good tea but nowadays they use some sort of syrup thingy that a lot of other places are converting to instead of brewing which sucks.  

I've never had Hawaiian BBQ until I cam to Ono's so my opinion may be different than someone who is a bit more experienced in this area but the food is decent ... I just wish they had the same standards as they did a few years ago ... biggest reason why we don't go there that often anymore.
No food is good enough to make up for the horrible service I got. With only a couple of customers ahead of me, I waited nearly a half an hour for two to-go meals. It was absolutely absurd because the cooks who I could see were goofing around and nobody seemed to care.  If you have unlimited time to stand around waiting, the food is good. My time is valuable and it's not worth it for me.
Came back here cuz my kids were paying and on a budget. This time I got their $4.99 special. You get 2 small scoops of rice, 2 crab rangoons, choice of like 4 meats, and a drink. I had the kahlua pork and it was actually pretty good. The food overall was decent, the place was clean, and the service was average. Did NOT get sick this time. Some of the menu items are a little pricey for what they are and the bench seats are way too far back from the tables ( which can't be moved ). 

Note: Their selection of already sweetened teas were really good, especially the black tea and the green tea.
Grease Paradise. You can smell the grease from two blocks away...
I love their food! I always get their bbq chicken because it's so good. This time their special wasn't on the chicken so I got the meal that didn't include a drink and was almost $8. It came with 3 pieces of chicken, macaroni salad which wasn't bad, and a scoop of rice. 

This isn't a "fast" food place to say the least because I've always had to wait 10-15 minutes on my order. And their professionalism is something to be desired, I really don't care if some d-bag that looks like Bruno Mars is trying to flirt with you just get my order!

Great place for when you want semi-fast food without the added grease of a typical burger place but don't come for the service
I'm a sucker for the Chicken Katsu.
This is my first time with Hawaiian BBQ so I am not familiar with the cuisine. Food was great, the quality of ingredients not so much.
The meat was not trimmed of fat and cartilage which made the experience much less than it could have it could have been.
Other than that the food was tasty but average.
A short an sweet report about lunch....

This was a quick lunch with my best friend Melissa and was well worth it!!  

We were greeted by the counter person with a warm welcome and when I advised I had never been here before, she took me through a quick tour of the menu and suggested what to order.  Following her suggestions was a great choice!  

We both had the same thing, The Hawaiian BBQ Mix.  This comes with BBQ Chicken, BBQ Beef and Kalbi Short Ribs.  I also added Teriyaki sauce to the Chicken.  The meals came with 2 scoops of rice, a single scoop of macaroni salad and veg.  

The flavors were wonderful, the beat tender and juicy.  The ribs were a thin slide and you had to navigate around the bones but it was delicious!

For months I have been threatening to stop by but never have,  Now I am sad for all I have missed!!  Definitely going back!!  

Overall:  This place is a keeper!  Good service, great food, served fairly quickly....We are already making plans for your next visit!  Enjoy!
We love this place! Just like Hawaiian plate lunches - a combination of Korea, Japanese, Hawaiian and who knows. We often buy just one mixed BBQ and take it home as a main dish and share. 

The GOOD:
Food. Service. Price. 

The BAD:
Food is served in Styrofoam containers.
Bonus points for just being Hawaiian food in the West Valley!  

Plate lunches are good and what you'd expect if you call Hawai'i home.  Normal fare and combinations.  Service is okay, but ends at the counter.  Time from order to pickup can also be long, translating into the food sometimes being lukewarm.  When the crew is on, the food is very good.  However, we've also had some bland pork, fatty and meatless short ribs, and overcooked chicken on occasion.  Kind of like a luau back home...

Portions are the normal Hawaiian-style generous.  Cost is a little higher, but not bad.

The owner is a very nice lady and it's always fun to support franchisees like this.
Don't know what happened here....we use to love this place.  But the last couple of visits was not the same!  They reduced the amount of food on their entrees.  I remember the first time I went, the bbq combo had 3 pieces of ribs, 3 pieces of chicken and a bunch of beef slices.  

Last year, they reduced the amount...2 pieces of rib, 2 pieces of chicken, and a few pieces of beef.  

Last week, there was 1 piece of rib,  2 pieces of chicken and 4 slices of beef!

Totally cut their food cost down half!  

Also, they don't serve good tea anymore.  

I guess we are done with them for awhile...
I use to love this place but in the last six months this place has gone to hell.

Their portions have almost been cut in half and their prices have gone up and the service has gone down. The last few times I have gone in there the only person that takes the orders is some girl named Phing who barely speaks english gets the orders wrong and then acts like it is your fault. The need to move Josh back up to the front. He always greeted everyone with a warm smile and always remembered people.

They changed their menu a few months back and I think that is when it started going down hill. 

I went in there today about 12:30 ordered my meal after waiting 15 min for the food I went to get sauces and was informed they where all out of soy sauce and hot sauce. This store is owned by the same people that own the other Ono's in the valley they could have got some from another store before they opened or even gone to the Fry's in the same parking lot and got some. How can you open a Hawaiian BBQ place with out those. What really got me mad was the fact that they got mad at me for asking them for it. When I asked them to package it to go so I could take it home and get soy sauce the girl at the counter tells me "Fine then take it home"

I will not be back here for a very long time.
Tonight was the very first time I've ever tried the food here. I must say it was pretty tasty! I loved the Hawaiian BBQ Beef. It came with 2 scoops of sticky white rice & deeelicious macaroni salad. I highly recommend this place if you've never had authentic Hawaiian Food, Or if you have & you're just searching for something better than you've ever had - then definately give this place a try!
The BBQ mix is the bomb! You get all the good stuff, rice, and macaroni. The soda prices are pretty high and they don't have many drink options, but the meat is the best you will find. I use to eat here almost every day. If you want takeout, call ahead 15 minutes and pick up or you will be stuck sitting at one of the tables waiting awkwardly in everyone's way. Food is well worth it!!!
BBQ combo plate with mac salad and rice.  Throw on some sauce and you have a meat lovers paradise.  Might as well be in Hawaii, that is my visual interpretation of the food....If you like meat as much as I do you have to have the combo plate.  
I like the spam roll as well, when I am really hungry eat a combo plate and the spam roll and you will be satisfied. Vegans need not apply here, nothing really here for you?
If you crave some good Hawaiian BBQ, visit Onos.  
Onos you didn't.....I had to, could not resist.
Great food good service
I love some good Hawaiian BBQ and this place fits the bill. I called to order take out on my lunch break and sure enough by the time I got there my food was waiting and was nice and hot, which seems like a tall order for most take out. It was even still hot after the 10 minute drive back to work.

As for the food the flavors were great and I was devouring it like a mad man. Usually I am not a huge fan of the macaroni salad anywhere but I liked this and wished there was more of it (it was a solid ice cream scoop+ worth). The meat on the combo plate I got was all well cooked and still moist and tender not dried out.

They even gave enough food that I had some leftover that was enough for a small meal or a hearty snack. For the price it is a meal well worth it.
Always good! Everything I've tried has been good
This is one of my husband's favorite! The food is very good, however I would like to see a better variety of sides that include vegetables and not just a tiny spoonful of macaroni salad. I always get the stir fresh meal to get veggies. Otherwise you are eating a plate of meat wit a spoon of rice and a spoon of macaroni. Basically meat and carbs. My rating would be higher otherwise. The staff is friendly and the store is clean.
We (my boyfriend, son, & I) came here to grab some dinner, we wanted to try something new. I got the chicken teriyaki bowl without cabbage, my son got a kids meal BBQ chicken, and my boyfriend got the spam and eggs combo; it was outrageously expensive for the quantity/quality of food you get. The kids meal alone was over $5.50 and it doesn't even include a drink! My chicken had a lot of fat on it but the rice and chicken that wasn't fatty was very good. My son hardly ate any of his meal because the macaroni salad wasn't any good and the rice was burnt and my boyfriend agreed it didn't taste good. I don't think we will be coming back here again, wasn't worth the money. The restaurant also needs a remodel very badly, very run down and dirty.
Ono has always been a great go-to for Hawaiian lunches, their teriyaki and katsu chicken is great but what really makes it is the fresh house-made sauces. And the macaroni salad...oh man, put a little bit of soy sauce on it. Just trust me.

I used to visit the Scottsdale location a lot back in the day, but recently when I happened the in the neighborhood of an Ono I insisted that we stop in for lunch.

In the time since my last visit to an Ono, I was disappointed to see that the prices had gone up, and that they no longer served burgers.

But really those are the only negatives. Ono is consistently great food, and their restaurants are consistently well-kept and clean. Highly recommended!
Family meal was good.  We had plenty left over.
I have always enjoyed the katsu chicken and BBQ chicken combo.  Must say though that a lot of business lately with the economy so bad that service and the amount of you use to get is just not the same.  The price goes up but the quality and quantity goes down.  Also if there is a Groupon or some deal going on please make sure everyone including the manager is aware of it.  Pretty bad when you have to wait for them to call around to the other locations to make sure that the deal you have is still on.
Not thoroughly impressed. If you want the meats, it is a place to think of. Being a chain restaurant, you get that same chemical aftertaste, almost like you would after eating KFC. I had the BBQ combo plate with the mac salad and rice. Yea it was a lot of meat and grease under the decor cabbage lol. It was tiring to eat. More authentic options in Phoenix/Tempe.
I was referred here by a coworker and thought it was simple and delicious. I will definitely be returning
First time in today. Flavor of the food was ok. Too much mayo in the macaroni salad so I didn't even bother finishing it. Aside from that all I ordered was the meal and a small drink. I got that and some crab rangoons when I got my food. Looked at the receipt and they didn't eveb charge me for the drink and just charged the rangoons instead. Most wouldnt't mind, but it's not what I ordered. More than likely won't ever go back. I'll make the 20 minute drive to Leo's on bell road instead. Much better flavor and they have homemade katsu and teriyaki sauce on hand.
The coworkers were nice, they recommend this delicious plate called the BBQ Katsu mix and the homemade sauces were amazing as well. Will come back soon!
I love Hawaiian food a lot. There are a few things that when I do get the urge for it I will order it.  I am not a regular here so when I do come it just seems the prices have gone up every time. It does make it hard to bring a bigger family to eat here for fast food. Prices to eat here are a bit high so if you have a large family and plan to spend sit down money go to a sit down restaurant.  But when there is a craving I come here to satisfy my taste buds.  There are not to many Island eats around so this is the spot to come to.
Food was good, the teriyaki chicken, beef and pork was the way to go!  The family meal is a great deal!  The macaroni salad was very yummy as was the sauces.  

Prices were great and my Dad's biggest excitement was the fact they offer Spam and Eggs on the menu.  We will be back again.  

Would have given them 5 stars but no Mai tais.
Food here is delicious!  I can only vouch for most of the combo plates, as I have tried them all.  For some reason they discontinued Moco Loco, which is one of the more popular dishes in Hawaii! Although pricey, portions are plenty.
It has been a while since I've had any sort of Hawaiian food. Knowing that Ono's is an established chain I was expecting the quality to be better than normal. 

When I stepped into the restaurant I noticed that it was pretty crowded due to the lunch rush. The place was relatively clean even with the influx of people in and out of the establishment.

 I went ahead and ordered the BBQ chicken combo and the other people I was with ordered the BBQ chicken and katsu combo. I have the say that the BBQ chicken was tender but the chicken was quite fatty. The people who ordered the BBQ chicken and katsu combo said their chicken was also very fatty and a little too oily for their tastes. The combo also came with white rice and macaroni salad. I've never been a fan of macaroni salad so I passed on eating that and the white rice complimented the chicken just fine. 

Overall, I would rate the place 3 stars. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great.
Needed to stop by for lunch& was feeling Hawaiian food :) the lunch plates are great with big portions. Definitely coming here again.
Food is good. However Stay away from their fountain drinks. I got water and the water tasted horrible. The soda machine is connected with PVC plastic pipe instead of having a copper this explains why the water tastes so bad like plastic, when u drink a soda you won't notice the taste but try the water and you will know what I'm talking about
This place reminds me of a laid back day in Hawaii. Love the food and the friendly staff. So laid back and calm but super efficient and fast. Simple but great food.
I love their lemon chicken and macaroni salad! Fast, friendly and very good!

The place is clean, the staff is friendly and food comes out at a decent time.
Love this place good food and if you do paleo you don't have to get the rice  or the macaroni salad just meat and cabbage.
I've been to lots of the Hawaiian BBQ places and this one is my favorite. Their food is always made fresh but also very quick. The staff is always friendly, it's always clean. If you are looking for a quiet dinner I would suggest ordering to go, this place is always crazy busy but I've never waited longer than ten minutes. My favorite is the katsu chicken with crab raggoons, served with teriyaki and they hide the siracha behind the counter :)
With much hesitation, my friend and I found ourselves at the Aloha Specialties Restaurant at the California Hotel and Casino.  He had tried earnestly to suggest another restaurant, but it appears that everyone else wanted their version of Hawaiian food from this place.

We ordered their special - the Hawaiian special lunch plate of pork lau lau, mac salad, tuna poki, and beef (or tripe) stew.  We also added an order of spam musubi and two drinks.  Total - over $15!  WTF?

Whenever I eat Hawaiian food outside of Hawai'i, I always go for the pork lau lau, so I've had my share of this specialty.  With a little shoyu, I took my first bite of the pork lau lau and looked at my friend.  He took a bite himself and knew exactly what I was thinking.  "This is bad."  It was dry, flavorless, and ultimately, I think it was old.  In all fairness, I dug in deeper, aiming for the center and was equally disappointed.  Moving onto the mac salad, this was a shame too.  Again, tasteless.  There was no flavor whatsoever in this mac salad.  Moving onto the tuna poki.  There was chunks of low grade tuna sitting in a sauce.  It was okay, edible and had more flavor because of the marination.  But nothing to rave about.  Thank goodness for the beef stew and sauce.  The chunks of beef had flavor and we poured all of that over our rice.  The spam musubi could use some serious improvement too.  I think they are using the cheap version of seaweed, or maybe it was old.  I just know that when I get a spam musubi or make it myself, the seaweed is a lot tastier and fresher.  

The only good thing this time was the free refill on the drinks!  I still gave this place a two star because everyone else was happy with their order.  Then again, they had a chicken teriyaki bowl and it's really hard to mess that one up.

If you feel the need to be immersed in the Hawaiian theme and surround yourself with Hawaiians and Hawaiian stuff, take a walk on over there.  You'll pass by Lambert's Ice Cream, Ethel M Chocolates, and lots of people in Hawaiian garb.  And you'll probably find a bunch of transplanted Hawaiians hanging out there or visiting.
Aloha Specialties was a favorite hang-out spot for me in high school. I've many fond memories of the cheap chicken bowls and fruit punch we consumed there.
this place for years has always been well known for their teriyaki bowls.  eh...i dont really care for teriyaki bowls, i like dishes like pork lau-lau, or kalua pork, etc... i really try to only eat the market street cafe downstairs in the california hotel for their awesomely famous oxtail soup.  so, one day my lovely dining companion joined my cousins for a quick bite to eat at aloha specialties.  oh, crap...for $15 a combo plate of pork lau-lau, macaroni salad, ahi-poke, and beef stew, plus a side order of spam musubi and 2 drinks.  first off that pork lau-lau look so sad...it was so dry...that the vegas desert dirt looked more moist.  i bit into that hard, dry, unflavored chunk of meat and yelled...wtf!!!  i didnt dip the meat in shoyu, i had to stick the meat in my mouth and then drink some shoyu to get something out of the dish.  my lovely date and i could not stop laughing at how sad the meal was.  the spam musubi was no better because it was probably sitting out too long.  the seaweed did not break off as you tried to bite through the musubi.  it was one massive chewy thing.  ooh, i hope there are better items to eat here.  it is pretty busy all the time, so there has to be something good to eat.  so i will try again...and let you know
Hawaiian Comfort Food...yum.  My best-buddy Rainman (Raymond A.) found this place.  When were at this place, I always think of him since he and my cuz, M. Jun, were stationed in Hawaii when they were in the Navy.  Maybe not the best Hawaiian food on the planet but I appreciate it...

What to order?  I think I've tried everything at this restaurant but here are the items I crave:

+ Spam Musubi
+ Kimchi Saimin

Tasty, affordable, quick & friendly service.  Vices available downstairs in the Cal.

Aloha!
Whenever you are in vegas and craving hawaiian food, this is the place to go. My favorite is the saimin with a spam musubi.
Never had a complaint about this place. Service is good, people are nice, and food is good. I mean you can't mess up spam, eggs, and rice. I mean someone probably could, but that person would deserve to get beaten with a stick immediately.. Other meals are also good. And for some weird reason, it doesn't take 5 years to get your meal. We sat down and received our order in less then 10 minutes! Closer to 5 probably! Nice..
We used to always hit this place when we were in Vegas back in the day... even back when they were located on the other side...  (don't go as often now since the comps at the Cal are lame)  Local plate with beef teri, chicken teri, and spam musubi is killer.  Get an extra side of their mac salad as well.  Their saimin and teri burgers are decent as well.
The California ("The Cal") caters to Hawaiian clientele.  As part of its effort, the hotel has several Hawaiian themed stores and restaurants.  Aloha Specialties offers what I think of as Hawaiian comfort food: chicken katsu, teriyaki beef and chicken, kalua pork, and that most Hawaiian of foodstuffs - Spam.  Throw in a scoop of macaroni salad and two scoops of rice, and you're in high fat, high carb heaven.

Since this was my first trip to Aloha Specialties, I decided to try one of the standard plate lunches:  chicken katsu, teriyaki beef, Spam musubi, along with the obligatory macaroni salad and rice.  For dessert, haupia.

Chicken katsu is basically breaded and fried chicken, rolled and sliced.  It was OK, but not especially crisp or flavorful.  "OK" pretty much described the beef and Spam as well.  Nothing was bad, but it wasn't exciting either.  The haupia (coconut pudding) was downright disappointing.
terrible service.  all five of us genuinely felt that we were being racially discriminated against.  and the food wasn't good either.

dry salmon, flavorless ramen, small portions.  no water refills at all. 
check, please?
This is a must go spot for me whenever I go to Las Vegas.  I go specifially for the saimin, since it's hard to find quality saimin in CA.  They import their noodles from Maebo Noodle Co., which just makes a huge difference compared to most places that serve saimin.  The noodles have a bit of a chew to it.

Service can be a bit slow and inattentive at times, mainly because the place is always packed to the rafters no matter the time of day.
For me, an 808 bred and raised local boy, the best plate lunch you can find in Vegas.
Local food made by local brahddas and sistahs.
Whenever I'm out here visiting friends and/or relatives, I eat here at least once.
Had lunch here yesterday.
2 korean chicken plates.
1 garlic chicken plate.
1 roast pork plate.
1 ahi belly plate. 
1 saba plate.  
1 side order kim chi.
3 large fruit punches.
3 Hawaiians "pounding" food.
Now you tell me.  
Does this place do it like the "locals" miss back home?
Hawaiian food at the Cal.  The Musubi's make for good snacks.  The ochazuke special is good.  They are really busy all the time, so it may take a while to get your food and to order.  But if you know the trick...you can get your food fast.

And across the way they sell the best mini frog gummies!!!
Local food....spam musubi and teri chicken bowls are grubbin!  I got the beef stew this past weekend....it was good...just the right portion not tooooo much!  if you go on tourney weekend the lines are hella long....so be prepared!   like j said you have to know the trick! :)
best bang for your buck! located in the california hotel right near fremont street experience, on the second level. the saimin bowl is tasty, but ask for the small because it's huge! teriyaki chicken bowl is good too, simple and only $4 or $5. spam and eggs is great too, around $5 as well. overall you can feed a family of 5 and it will be under $40, now that's a deal!
Hawaiians, for whatever reason, love Vegas.
Hawaiians, for whatever reason, love staying at the Cal Hotel when they go to Vegas.
Hawaiians, for whatever reason, will spend their last waking moments in Vegas... literally an hour before they take the early evening flight on Hawaiian Airlines back to the islands... eating local Hawaiian food at Aloha Specialties at the Cal Hotel!

At least this was what was going on when I was here the Sunday after Thanksgiving. We waited in that long-ass line close to HALF AN HOUR. I struck up a conversation with the woman behind me about how the tap water in Vegas tastes terrible. (For those of you who aren't aware, the tap water in Hawaii is magically delicious.)

Alright, now for the actual review. This place is like a Zippy's with a much longer wait but a much smaller menu. However, for a mainland Hawaiian restaurant, the prices are very reasonable and the portions are generous. My dad and I both ordered the fried saimin (which to my dismay was mediocre... should have gone for the $4.95 large regular saimin!). My mom got some special Japanese lunch box (which I forget the name of), and my sister ordered the Korean-style beef and chicken plate lunch combo, which was really good. The mac salad hit the spot too.

There are a number of Hawaiian places around Vegas, but my guess is that this is the place to go if you wanna feel that real spirit of Aloha. Maybe that's just because it's full of Hawaiians in an extra good mood because they're grindin on yummy authentic local food. Just be prepared to WAIT.

Took a spam musubi ($1.50) to go, and ate it while I waited for my flight back to SF. I bet I got a bunch of weird looks by those unaware of the power of something resembling a oversized, angular sushi roll... but I don't care!
saimin galore!!! similar to ramen, just thicker noodles and actual chunks of meat, veggies and egg. remember the place is on the second floor, and they only take cash. i come here with the cousins whenever we're in vegas together, and then we gamble for a couple hours downstairs.

the saimin comes in two sizes, and i always get the larger portion thinking i can down that shit like it's nothing. wrong. i always end up taking some back to polo towers, and i eat the rest of it in a couple of hours. the broth is tasty, noodles are delish, egg, pork, and fish cake, all makes the perfect saimin!!

haven't tried much else here b.c the saimin is just perfect.

warning: if you come during lunch, be prepared to wait in a hefty line.
Cutie cafe on 2nd floor of Calif Hotel.  You get in line, order your food and wait at your table to be served.  Got the local plate w/ teri beef and chicken, mac and 2 spam musubi's.  Pretty good. Took the musubi on the road for later.  The best part of the experience was hearing one of the employees talk 'bout his "cuzin" won 80 grand at Keno downstairs. It's always someone's cuzin in Hawaii!  Love it~
I made a visit early one morning after a long night of gambling.  I was the lone haole in the place.

I was surprised to see Spam as a prevalent item on the menu.  Spam is nasty.  My mom, the child of Norwegian immigrants, used to tell me that her parents brought out Spam on special occasions.  Ugh.  She didn't have indoor plumbing at the time, so there you go.

I've been to the Hormel plant in Austin, MN where Spam is made.  It's comprised mostly of leftovers from the kill floor.  They use everything from the pig except for the squeal.  Trust me on this one.  Everything but the squeal.

Yes, I did try the spam musubi.  Thanks for asking!

I also had the Moco Loco, which looks like a big pile of cow excrement.  It's comprised of white rice, seasoned ground beef, two or three eggs, and brown gravy.  Very tasty with some Tabasco on top!  I'm a fat guy already, but I'd be over three bills if I ate this dish with any regularity.  

I'm knocking off a star because the staff was relatively rude.  Perhaps it was because I'm not Polynesian, but I cannot be sure.

Nothing fancy here, but give it a shot if you want to try something different.   It sure helped the old hangover.
good cheap food. not saying much as this is vegas. the land of cheap food and buffets. i mean you can get a prime rib dinner under $10!!!

but if you want some solid local food, just visit this place. nothing fancy or great about, but the food is decent. for some reason everytime i go to vegas, i must come here at least once. 

that and the many niketown outlets. which deserves 9 stars.
Two of my roommates in college were from Hawaii, so I had some beta and ordered the Kahlua pig. Mmmm....soooo good. Very juicy and tender, but not too salty. Even better, I asked them for some gravy on the side to pour on my rice and they gave me a small cup and later a soup bowl of it to share with the table. I picked out the cabbage though...not a big fan and didn't seem to go well with the pork and gravy. You must add their gravy to your rice, it makes it like 10x better. Not kidding.
Every time I go to Vegas which seems like every 2 months, I have to have my fix of Aloha Specialties.  I'm just a creature of habit but I like the food here.  The poke is fresh and the portions generous.  I love their Korean Chicken as well as the local plate.  This is how plate lunch tastes in back in Hawaii.  The saimin is good and this place beats anything we have in LA.  Stop there when you get a chance and enjoy the food.  Service is good except you have to wait to order from the counter.
First understand that if you're from Hawaii, you probably visit Vegas often and always stay downtown (never on the strip).  This sets the stage for what has become known as the "Ninth Island": the California Hotel (AKA the "Cal") and adjoining Main Street Station (both Boyd hotel/casinos that cater to the Hawaii crowd).  If you've never been to Hawaii before, this is a pretty good cross section of the local community all lovingly united by a constant flow of Bud Light and the chirp of Blazing 7s slot machines.

I'm a Hawaii transplant now living in the Bay Area, so I especially look forward to Vegas trips for the food.   On the mezzanine of the Cal is a small restaurant called Aloha Specialties which IMO has the best local food menu on the mainland.  In CA we're limited to Hawaiian BBQ joints like L&L which pretty much offer the same spectrum of choices.  Aloha Specialties has some of  my favorite dishes:

TRIPE STEW: Pretty good, could use more and bigger chunks of veggies.  Tabasco makes it even better. (4/5)
SAIMIN: Not as good as what you get in Hawaii, but far better than the crap they have at places like L&L.  And it's cheap. (4/5)
BEEF STEW: Tastes the way I expect it to and don't understand why other places can't make it (see my L&L review). (4/5)
POKE: Too sweet.  I also prefer the onion/sesame oil style (2/5)

Like I said, I eat here because I don't get good plate lunches and other local food on the mainland.  One of life's biggest mysteries is why visitors from Hawaii -- fresh off of their red eye flights from the land of Kim Chee II, Rainbow's and Helena's -- will wait in a long line for food they could get back home.  That's Hawaii locals for you.  Gotta love them... I sure do.
We go here everytime we play at the California. The combination plates are the best and the staff is really friendly. 

The Chicken is very tender and I think everyone loves the potatoe salad. The food comes out quick unless they're really overwhelmed. 

The lines can get out of hand sometimes but it goes pretty quick. Have your buds save a table if you have to. 

If you're tired of all the buffets and you're in the area, get some good cheap food here.
My friends and I come here as a traditional goodbye lunch before heading on home from Vegas.  It's a drive from the strip considering it is inside the California Hotel.  It's apparently a popular place to go for lunch so it's best to go there early if you're really hungry.

The food comes out relatively quick and it's tasty.  I ordered the teriyaki plate for $7.25 and they give you a good amount of food.  Ask if you can get double chicken or double pork and exclude the pork chop.  The pork is hard and is a pain to eat.  The teri sauce is good and not overly sweet.
After trekking through The Cal.... not having a clue how to get there... we found this little place. Stood in line for 10 mins and ordered. 

I had the Loco Moco. This was excellent except for the over cooked my eggs. The hamburger patty was fresh made and so was the gravy. Huge portion for $5.50. Had a side of mac salad. Very good at first but then realized it had way too much mayo. The GF had the chicken and spam masubi plate. She said the chicken was fatty and a little dry. I liked the spam masubi though. 

All in all I would come back again if I was in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way.
Great place for good plate lunches, saimin, you know...  da kine foods that make you wish you were still back in Hawaii sitting out at da beach and watching all da surfahs comin' out of da water...  ::ahem::  Sorry, flashbacks...
This place has good foods for very reasonable prices.  It's just upstairs from the main floor of the California Club Casino...  Check it out if you need a break from loosing...  or if your arm just gets tired from pulling those one-armed bandits...
This place popped my spam masubi cherry...

A group of friends brought us here while in LV years ago.  This place is a diamond in the ROUGH!  Aloha Kitchen is located on the 2nd level of Cal Hotel in Downtown LV.  

The food is down home Hawaiian style good. The rice and mac salad alone hits the spot after a weekend of debauchery. The line is usually out the door but it sure is worth the wait.  Note: do not save tables!  You will be scolded.  

The food comes out really fast and it is cheap!  So, stash a $20 for lunch here on Sunday afternoon before you head home (and save your change for dinner at In-n-Out in Barstow).
Yeah, food looks to be ok.  But I didn't fly 2500 miles to eat loco moco and saimin.  Don't get me started on the oxtail soup at the Cal.
My coworkers always tell me the best place to get Hawaiian Food in Vegas is at the California Hotel (http://www.thecal.com/) at a restaurant called Aloha Specialties. (http://www.thecal.com/display.cfm?id=1075) About 80% of the Hawaiians that come to Vegas make a pilgrimage to this hotel. Interesting... Anyways, Aloha Specialties is decent size that can seat about 100 people or so. Surprisingly they need it cuz the line is always out the door. We waited about 15 minutes to put our order in and then another 10 minutes for them to bring it out to our table. The food is amazing and the dishes are about $7 each. They have a huge selection and since we couldnt order the whole menu, we decided on: The Beef Stew, Korean Beef and Korean Chicken, and the Special Mix Plate. I would definitely come eat here again.
I like the fact that if I'm buzzed playin' blackjack, or buzzed getting mugged by the one armed bandit Wheel of Fortune slot machine (which I now call the Wheel of Doom), and a Spam Musubi craving hits, I can pop upstairs, get it handled, and then get back to the debauchery.  Also, a nice hot steamy bowl of Saimin goes a long way after those nights out drinking until 6am...
Hawaiian food for the soul.

Environment:
Located on the second floor of the Cal. It's an open restaurant that has seating "outside" (aka in the hotel walkway) but small. Expect a wait on crowded weekends, especially tournament weekend! Order and pay, and they will deliver the food to you. They bus your tables for you.

Food:
I've always loved their saimin, but this year I was sad that my saimin wasn't HOT. It was warm. The noodles were great like usual, but the broth tasted like tap water. Bummer. After I added my shoyu and hot mustard, I was in saimin heaven. We ordered a side of kim chee (pass on this) which was not good and probably out of a grocery store jar and a side of mac salad which was good BUT had too much mayo and was too salty for my liking. The mac salad had good texture, crunch, and color though. The portions are huge! My bro ordered the small saimin and it was comparable to a regular portion at any ramen house in socal. I ordered the chicken and tofu saimin and I think it's served in a large bowl. The chicken was moist (thigh meat?) and the tofu was regular cooked tofu. The haupia was firm but the flavor was bland.

Why four stars?
Nothing compares to my grandma's cooking, but if I'm in Vegas, this is as good as it gets for Hawaiian food, especially saimin.
I love Aloha Specialties.  Not necessarily for the quality of food, though it is good.  I love Specialties for what it implies:  when I'm eating at Specialties, it means that I'm in Vegas!  I always get the Portuguese sausage, scrambled eggs, and rice with a side order of chicken teri.  Maybe a spam musubi to go.
Awesome. So my friend found this place his last time in Vegas. I was a bit skeptical about the place....I mean it's in the California Hotel on the old strip...not exactly what you think about when you think good eats.But I do remember folks on here talking about a Hawaiian place, so I was hoping this was it. 

BINGO!!!!! This place is money!!

My friends ordered the Korean BBQ Chicken and I decided to be different and get the Garlic Chicken with Gravy. So each order comes plate style....meaning it came with rice, macaroni salad and HUGE amounts of chicken. 

So there is no waiter service and everything is boxed up like you are getting it to-go. This was cool as they were able to serve lots of people in a short amount of time.

The Korean BBQ was spicy and had great flavor. The Garlic Chicken w/Gravy wasn't as flavorful but was still good. I really liked the kimchi here but unfortunately it was an add on item. I thought the macaroni salad was a bit salty.
Hawaiian food by Hawaiians for Hawaiians!

Cal Hotel is packed with Hawaiians and this place place is always packed so you know it has to be authentic AND good.

It is like fast food style where you order and pay at the counter, get a number, sit down, and wait for them to bring the food to you.

I got the combo plate and a spam musubi. I thought the musubi was ok, needed more sauce. The combo plate was good (had chicken and beef). I liked beef the best. The plate was really large and filling, I couldn't finish it. I tried someone else's kimchi noodles. It was good.

Only negative was that the tables and chairs were a bit sticky. ew.

07/20/08
Hawaii style food!  Great food! Local Hawaii people all over the place.  It's great that at breakfast  you can order anything on the menu.  To bad the cashier has little if any "aloha spirit".
Woohoo! As good as it gets! (but only in vegas)

If this restaurant were in a town called Honolulu, It would warrant  3.5 stars but while living in Las Vegas for 5 years, Aloha Specialties is 5 stars, Woohoo! As good as it gets! A taste of home away from home.

You may not win at the slots downstairs at the Cal but an escalator ride up to the second floor,  you'll be a Winner with Dinner! (lunch and breakfast too)

Do as I do, order the Hamburger steak with mac salad, rice.  A side order of Mahi w/ extra tartar sauce. A small saimin, spam musubi to go and a passion orange juice.

On a typical day, I'm a polite girl, BUT, Big BUT, when it comes to local food, and I'm in a starvation mode, Or if I'm losing big on the tables, I'll push, shove, gauge your eyes out, to get my hands on my favorite local grub. I'll even snake your table, call in my food order on the phone instead of waiting in that long line.  I'll get my food quicker than you, one way or another.   SUCKA!

Where's the Aloha, Love? 

Sorry, left it at home.
My last stop on my business trip to Vegas. There was at least one place I really, really wanted to go, and this was one of my top two. Luckily I was able to find it even though I hadn't been to this area of LV for the better part of 6 years. 

Ahhh, after a late night of... uh... business stuff, grabbing an early lunch here hit the spot. So much so that I really have a hankering for Hawaiian food and think I need to make some spam musubi for Thanksgiving this year.

Anyways, I had the breakfast plate, my dining partner in crime had the local plate. Both were yummy. Thank goodness I still had a few bucks left over, otherwise this cash only establishment would have seen a grown man cry in line. Either that or bolt out of line to find an ATM. Either, way, it was worth my last precious dollars that escaped the slot machines.
I haven't been here recently but when I was jr high and high school, I'd go to Vegas a lot with my parents because my parents wanted to check out houses and get a house there. 

Anyway, we used to come here all the time and it would always be crowded and it would be hard to find a seat. This is the first place that I had a Spam Musubi. My mom would order the Saimin with Wonton and I'd share that with and get 2 Spam Musubis. I've always enjoyed it whenever we went there. I would always pick this place to eat at least once every time we went. ahhh.... memories. After, my parents would play on the slots and I'd wonder around since I wasn't of age yet. 

I actually wanted to eat here when I went to Vegas but you know, I mainly stayed on the strip.
one of the hidden gems of vegas.  located in the California.  i didn't get to partake on my last trip to vegas and i've been regretting it ever since.  having a loco moco after the previous night's bender may not be the wisest decision, but its definately worth it.  my fave is the garlic chicken with gravy.  be sure to top your meal off with a side spam musubi and fruit punch.  if you're REALLY hung-over, the saimin hits the spot - basically the hawaiian version of pho.  it's gonna cost about $20-$25 to cab it out there from the strip.
I'd have to agree with one of the lower posts about how this place would be soso in Hawaii, but given that this place serves up some good local food and that it is in Vegas, there isn't much to complain about this place.

Just got back from Vegas and ended up eating there twice.  I highly recommend the beef stew, spam musubis and side teri-chicken.  Also think the Portuguese sausage eggs and rice is a great thing to have for breakfast after waking up at 4:00pm.

Yum
I have been eating at this restaurant for twenty years.  I usually get a teri chicken bowl with extra teri and split a small wonton saimin with my wife. I also enjoy their mac salad.  The prices are reasonable, but the location takes time to get to.  There is often a long line when I get there (a good sign for quality), so I now call ahead and bypass the line to pick up my order.

Highly recommended.
I am a huge fan of the Kalua Pork and Garlic Chicken. I love how both entrees are full of flavor. So yummy and tasty. For some reason, I always order Raspberry Tea whenever I go here and I never order it anywhere else. It is totally a psychological thing or maybe it just goes well with my meal. Who knows? 

I recommend anyone to check this place out. It is one of my favorite Hawaiian food restaurants. When I used to be a tourist, I would always made the effort to go to Downtown just to eat at Aloha Specialities. 

Only sucky thing is it is CASH ONLY. So remember to bring some money with you.
Holy giant musubi!  Too giant, actually.  I carved out most of the rice so that I could at least get a faint taste of seaweed and SPAM, and that's all I got- a faint taste.  The boyfriend got the teri burger and wasn't too impressed.

Perhaps my opinion of the place was tainted by the observed uncleanliness of the staff and cooks.  I'll leave that to your imagination...
Some really great, real food in a casino. I have been going here for years. It is located in the California Casino on the second floor in a small food court. Get anything, it's good, that's it. The prices are very good, and bring CASH because that's all they take.
Who woulda thought the "California" hotel would have a Hawaiian joint in it?  Actually it's "themed" after Hawaii..... what the heck, it's Vegas, baby!

I had the MIX plate with Chicken, Beef, Mahi Mahi, mac salad (of course), rice and I added a fried egg on top....we be grubbin'.....Typical fanfare here, did try the Poki, lotsa marinade here w/ big chunks a tuna n some green onions, I favor the "drier" version w/ white onions n seaweed salad in it.  The Kahlua pork was tastier than most I've had outside of the Islands.... very BIG plates here!  So be hungryyyyyyy or share plates. I heard someone say the Tripe stew is good here, but they were out for the night.  So I gotta go back n try it, my curiosity wants to sample it.... after stuffin your face here, you can top it off with some Lappert's Ice Cream or some Beef Jerky next door.

til next time....Aloha!

For some reason, my meats weren't cut up like the other plates, so i had to slice it up, what up wit dat?
Wow I crave this place.
Serving sizes are awesome.  Love the moco loco, and the combo plate here.  Very hearty.  Great portions (probably too big).
Spam musubi is bomb here.

But the biggest hit is the kimchee saimin.  The bowl is huge and there are so many tasty ingredients.  And their noodles are really really good.

We drive downtown just to eat lunch at this place.  Unfortunately they aren't open real late at night.  Forget what time, but around 9pm or something.
this place has the best saimin, even better than hawaii.
the rest of the food is very good, just try anything and you wont be disappointed, and the prices is very reasonable, no complaints here.
they also serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.
the korean chicken is the best, no one can compete with this item.
you place your order at the counter, have a seat and they bring your food and drinks to your table, and if you want a refill just stand by the soda machine and they will  refill your cup with any soda you want.
Aloha Specialties is located on the 2nd floor of The California in downtown Vegas.  If you're familiar with The Cal, majority of their guests are from Hawaii.  It'll be foolish for them not to have Hawaiian food.  Good thing they aren't fools...

Everything on the menu looked good.  It was between Wonton Saimin and Portuguese Sausage with rice.  I opted for the Wonton Saimin ($7.00).  This bowl of soup noodles resembles the Japanese ramen but with different toppings and broth.  In it is ramen noodles, BBQ pork, egg sheets (is that what you call it?), green onions and in this case, Wontons.  Wontons are very delicate.  If it's overcooked even slightly, the texture of the skin turns to mush.  Unfortunately, the wontons were overcooked.  Luckily, there were only 4 so I ate that first and turned my Wonton Saimin into just...Saimin.  I was a little disappointed but the al dente ramen noodles redeemed the dish.  Chewy texture and the BBQ pork added a hint of sweetness.  The soup reminded me of beef broth.  It was rightly savory and not greasy.  Good soup.  I was happy.

Surprisingly, my wife ordered the Portuguese Sausage with rice.  I'm not sure if it was done purposely but the PS was burnt to perfection.  Cancer or not, it added so much flavor.  Together with rice, the saltiness was subdued into a perfect bite of meat and rice.  I enjoyed it more than the Saimin.
yum! I had such a delicious lunch here today!  I ordered ocha-zuke #2 special (see photo).  It included rice, hot tea, tofu with green onion, ahi poke, mackerel, assorted Japanese pickles, and kamaboko (fish cake).  It also had a some furikake (rice seasoning) that I sprinkled on the rice with shoyu. Served in a bento box!  

What made it even more pleasant was a nice little Hawaiian lady asked to join me at my big table.  She sat down with her "small" noodle soup which was massive.  We chatted for awhile and she said I eat Japanese food like a pro!  That always touches me, since I am neither Japanese nor Hawaiian.  I will definitely return.  There was even a line at 2:30 PM when I was there!  Cash Only!!
If you want some good Hawaiian grub at the Fremont, this is the place to go. I would recommend sticking with the rice dishes such as the loco moco since the ramen (saimin) were just ok. Keep in mind, this is cash only. Aloha!
As far as cheap eats go this place rocks socks.  After winning a whole $10 dollars at craps, I made my way up to the Aloha Kitchen to spend my winnings.

What I got:
* Local Plate- The local plate includes two spam musabis, chicken terriyaki, beef terriyaki, and a scoop of Macaroni salad.  CAUTION: If you grew up eating rice, this plate does not come with rice.  

If you need rice, I would order the Chicken Bowl ($2.95) + Macaroni Salad ($1.35) + Spam Musabi ($1.75) for a total of $6 vs. the local plate which is $7.50.  Sure you're missing out on the Terri beef, but the beef is really not as good as the chicken.  

I would also spy at what other people have ordered.  There were a lot of things that I wanted to get but just didn't have the space for.  
*
Whenever I go to Vegas I always make sure to stop at the Cal to get me some good Hawaiian food here at this restaurant. 

The food is always consistently good, the service is fast, and the prices are cheap. 

For the long drive home I make sure to pack a spam musubi to go. If you are a fan of Hawaiian food make sure to stop by and grab a bite to eat
This place brings back memories of college and being able to eat on a student's budget.  Now that I have a job I still eat here though.  With a $10 budget this is the place to go.  Beware because it closes at 9:00 on weekdays and 10:00 on weekends.  I have tried many things on the menu but the one thing that I haven't found at other places is the garlic gravy chicken.  Pan fried chicken with the skin on topped with a bunch of hearty gravy with rice and macaroni salad on the side.  Yummy!  This is my comfort food in Las Vegas.  I spent $46 on cabs to get here from the strip for my garlic gravy chicken $10 dinner.  It was worth it to me.
I'm a huge fan of Hawaiian / Japanese-American food and this place has the perfect combination of down-home cookin' and quality ingredients.

A necessity when I'm in Vegas. Plus it's near old Vegas, which is always a nice distraction from all the hoopla of the strip.
Always did love eating here... Back when it was just Aloha Cafe to us. Any trip to Vegas would involve a stop at the CAL (California Hotel) and a meal here. Never disappoints. Inexpensive and good. Never mind the wait in line. Everyone has to wait a lil bit to order their food.

I usually order the local plate. This includes beef & chicken teriyaki, 2 spam musubis and some macaroni salad. This order does NOT come with rice but that's okay because in my opinion, the spam musubis they make here come with WAY too much rice action. I usually pair this order with a wonton min (saimin noodle soup that comes with char siu pork & steamed wontons). Very good. This is a large soup order and can be shared... The garlic chicken is also a DELISH order of a meal. Tastes real good.

Don't forget the extra large fruit punch with your meal. You're gonna need it.
I'm glad my friends came here to downtown LV to try some authentic Hawaiian food.  This is as close to Hawaii you will get in Vegas and the wait here can be long.  I ordered the Mahi mahi sandwich that was extra delicious and an order of Spam Musubi.  I left with a big smile and a happy stomach while spending less than $10 for food which is hard to come by in Vegas, unless you're away from the Strip. 

Also, the Loco Moco is really really GOOD here. =)
If you are tired of all you can eat buffets and need a change in Vegas, this is a great place to go.

I would have never have known about this place unless my friends brought me here. It's a nice change from the strip restaurants located upstairs on the corner in the Calfornia Casino in downtown Las Vegas.

Food is great! Very reasonable for "local" Hawaiian food. Bare in mind it does get crowded on the weekends especially in the morning or lunch time. It NOTHING fancy cafeteria style dining and small.
Love this place... a must when I'm in Vegas.  Very good food for very cheap.  Their plates and soups are huge portions.

I really love the Saimin (noodle soup) here, the broth has a lot of flavor and the noodles are perfect.  The Beef Stew is pretty good, but I love the Kalua Pig & Cabbage and Teriyaki Beef & Chicken.  Don't forget to try Ethel's Chocolates across the way and the Shaved Ice at the Ice Cream shop.
best hawaiian place in vegas, love it so much. can't go wrong with anything you get there. love their mac salad!!!
Per usual for us, we took the wrong elevator in the Californian and ended up in the employee section of the hotel. A nice lady walked us to the right corridor and we quickly found the Aloha. 

We had spent a few hours wandering in the Valley of Fire, so we were starving! We over ordered and had way too much food for two people. The Aloha Saimin was delicious, they don't skimp on the fixings or noodles. The spam musubi is huge, warm, and the rice was perfectly sticky. The ahi poke isn't made with the highest grade of tuna, but they give big chunks of it in a salty soy sauce. The steak plate lunch was ok, the steak was tough, but it's cheap, so you get what you pay for. The place reminds me of the hole in the wall places we eat at home. The smoke in the Californian is a bit overwhelming, but that's what you expect in an old hotel in Vegas. I'd definitely come back here again. The place was busy the entire time we were there, people know it's a good deal. 

Park in the Californian garage, then get your parking ticket validated downstairs by the main cage. There's a little machine that you stick the ticket in, it will save you a few bucks.
I have heard a lot about this little Hawaiian restaurant from my friends and my grandparents. They told me i have to eat here at least one time when i was in Vegas. So when i came to downtown to gamble and eat, the first placed we stopped was here. It's nice how it's right between the Californian and Main Street. When i got there it was around 6pm and there was a line and i was in the line for a good 10 mins. I think the kitchen can take so many orders at one time since it's such a small place. The place was pretty packed but i managed to find a booth after i ordered. 

I order the Large Saimin and some ahi poke to go along with it. It tasted really good and i enjoy eating saimin everytime i eat it. I was pretty hungry and i ended up having some ahi poke left because there was more noodles in the saimin than i thought. My friend got the Kim Chi saimin and she said that it was good. I don't really like kim chi so i could not tell you how it tasted. The saimin came rally fast too so the service was good even though it was crowded. 

The little restaurant has a nice Hawaiian theme. Lots of flowers and colorful booths. It's too bad it closes early though, i think at 9pm. 

I just wish it was closer to the strip and opened later so i could sober up with a bowl of saimin...
Gets an As good as it gets for Las Vegas.

Moved to Las Vegas in 1991 and I have fond memories of finding the only place in Vegas to grab a saimin or mixed plate was at the California Hotel in a hole in the wall reminiscent of my favorite Mom and Pop joint back in the islands.  Back then there were barely enough seats to call it a sit down restaurant, basically you walked up to a window and got your food to go or waited for a table to clear up.  Surprisingly enough one always did by the time your food was ready.

The Aloha Specialties of 2010 still has that same charm as it did the first time I ate there, with a lot more menu items and few more tables.  There are now 10X the amount of "Hawaiian Style" restaurant in LV but I still claim Aloha Specialties as the best in the Desert.

The Mixed Plate is a winner, 2 scoops of rice, mac salad, teri chicken, teri beef, and fried mahi mahi.  Saimin is a staple.  When I am in the mood I will treat myself to a Korean Chicken or Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs.
I didn't even want to go. I was so wrong! Best place I ate in Vegas.
Saturday lunch at Aloha Specialties is a tradition for me whenever I'm in Vegas. I've typically gotten the local plate: beef teriyaki, chicken teriyaki, spam musubi and mac salad, about $8 I think. Solid, generous portions. My last visit I had the loco moco. Again, solid, tough to screw up a loco moco. 

Usually a lengthy wait.

Combine Aloha Specialties with a cup of ice cream from Lapperts (right across the hallway) and you're golden.
Yes to Portuguese sausage, eggs, and rice, with a side of Aloha Shoyu.  Yes to real plates and silverware instead of plasticware and styrofoam trays you'd get at a drive-in like L&L.  And yes to all the Hawaiian decor that makes you really feel like you're back on Oahu.

No to their breakfast prices.  We paid $5.75 for a breakfast plate, which is the same amount for the breakfast buffet downstairs, which also serves portuguese sausage, eggs, and rice.  However, if you don't want to wait in line for that buffet AND you're not that big of an eater, Aloha Specialties upstairs of the California is a fine option.
One of the reasons I love downtown Las Vegas is that they cater to people from Hawaii.  Because of this, there is always an eating establishment serving up local food.

I shared the poke, aloha saimin, and korean chicken plate with my girlfriend.  

poke: I don't know that I would get this again.  It's not what I really expected.  The tuna chunks were too big, and they were swimming in sauce.  The taste was still good though, but we didn't finish it.

aloha saimin: I usually don't care for saimin, but it was pretty good.  Lots of wonton, fish cake, and charsiu pork.  Most importantly it was very tasty.

korean chicken plate: this was a special, so it might not always be on the menu.  It didn't taste very korean at all, nor was it spicy (which it advertised).  However, it still tasted great.

Best of all, the prices are very reasonable.  They had a lot of other good looking food, and I wanted to try it all.  The next time I go downtown, I will definitely hit this place up.
many years ago, in one of my many trips to vegas, i was brought here from a then co-worker at one of our 'business' trips.  i remember it being so good, so comforting, and at normal prices.

i hadnt returned until now, about 8-9 years later.  man.. ooooooh man!

quickly: we went here TWICE in a 2 day vegas trip.  this is how good it is.

I ordered the chicken plate the first time and was just blown away at the taste.  I mean, i looked at the plate and could probably count up the ingredients for all the items on my plate in 2 hands.  super simple, super good.  the chicken was skin-on, thigh meat.  3 big pieces on a bed of fresh sticky rice and a big scoop of mac salad.  good to the last scrape of the plate... 

2nd time around this trip, i had the ribeye plate.  2 thin cut slices, on the bed of rice and mac salad.  My brother got the local plate, which should be renamed to the LOVE plate, cuz it had love all over it.  it was Chicken and  Beef teri, and 1 spam musubi + rice & mac salad.  

great grub at normal prices (not vegas prices), but the only downer part is that this place is downtown and not on the strip (~$20 cab ride each way).. i was tripping, so im still giving this place full blast Yelp kudos.

5 bangers
Cheap and good - what more can I say?  Yes it is in downtown Las Vegas hidden in the California Hotel, but the legendary restaurant does exist!

I've been to this place a few times - often going out of my way to eat at this place.  I always order the saiman with wonton and bbq pork - all for less than $8.

A must visit when I  go to vegas!
Don't understand why people enjoy this restaurant so much. What's all the hype about?

Anyways, I've come here several times and several times have told myself to never come back here, yet I always seem to give this place another shot. However, after many chances, I will not come back here ever again. 

This place is crowded all the time, again, I don't know why. We waited around 30 minutes just to order our food around 11:30 am. Ordered the saimen with wontons, fried saimen, and curry chicken. We all shared so we can try a little bit of each. Saimen and wontons both had no flavor whatsoever, fried saimen tasted nothing like how it should taste (bland, sugary, watery), and curry chicken was HORRID. It was like the left over chicken with skin still left on it. The curry was not strong enough either, so it tasted watery. Just overall BAD experience here. Cheap food, but horrible.
This place is a staple for my Vegas visits. Ambiance isn't what you come here for, its for the Hawaiian comfort food.

What we ordered:
Korean Spicy Chicken:  Skin-on chicken thighs with a sweet/spicy marinade.  Tried to copy this recipe at home, but haven't been successful.

Aloha Breakfast:  Portuguese sausage, rice, and eggs.  What more can you ask for after a long night out?

We always leave this place very satisfied.
I like the pork chops and the saimin.  Great Hawaiian food at great prices.
I'm a particularly strange gal.

For me, no trip to Vegas is complete without a meal stop at the California Hotel.  Specifically, no trip to Vegas is complete without my Hawaiian food fix.

This trip was no different.  Sure, I could have had the Loco Moco downstairs at Market Street, but... I was in the mood for full-on Hawaiian.

Large saimin with veggies and wontons?  Check.
Loco Moco plate?  Check.
Spam musubis?  Check.

Ahhh.  Talk about an awesome lunch.

I don't understand why people would shell out tons of dough on whatevers food at the Strip when Aloha Specialties is just a five minute drive away.

Save yourself a bundle and check out this joint.  It's ghetto, but definitely hits the spot.

Then you can go to Lappert's for ice cream afterwards!

Yippee!!
Food was okay. Had the Aloha Bento.  The beef was tough.  Chicken and fish were good.
Yet another local favorite that me and my friends like to go whenever we are in town.  My usual order:

Kimchi saimin - Nice flavor, not too spicy, good the morning after a rough night.  If you like ramen or soba, give this a shot.

Korean chicken - What I usually get when I'm not eating saimin.  Again, great flavor and it usually disappears from my plate in less than 10 minutes, enough said.

I would recommend Aloha Specialties to anyone in Vegas looking for good Hawaiian food.  Oh and check out the 808 store right across for the candy (I recommend li hing strawberry belts) and also check out Lappert's ice cream for desert!
Walk into the California Casino and you can't help but notice that they brought over a little bit of Hawaii over to the mainland.  Aloha Specialties is a must go if you come here while in Vegas.  Great local comfort food for less than 10 bucks!  I've been here on my last two trips to Vegas and I have every intention of always going back for future road trips.  

Siamin - Great flavor and the noodles are the perfect texture.  Perfect for anytime of the day and in any state, sober, buzzed, drunk, hungover...you get the point

Kaluha Pork - Juicy, tendered, and perfectly seasoned.  This is one of my all time favorite dishes and it is legit here.

Korean Spicy Chicken - Super tasty and delicious!  Not exactly your typical local Hawaiian dish but totally worth a buy

Spam Musubi - Get these not matter how much food you order or even if you think you are too full because they make the best late night eat or quick bite between casino hopping.  If you don't know what this is, it is a yummy fried piece of Spam with a sweet glaze wrapped in rice and Nori (seaweed).  

If you venture to this part of Vegas eat here!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Located on the 2nd floor of the California Hotel and Casino in downtown Vegas, lies this little restaurant.  My fiance and I come to Vegas several times a year, and stopping here at least once during each trip is a MUST!  We come here mainly for the Saimin with the wontons .  So amazing!!!!  They have the best Saimin ever!  Don't even try comparing Aloha Specialties Saimin with L&L as there is no comparison.  We also like ordering the teriyaki plate which has teriyaki chicken, beef and pork with a side of white rice and macaroni salad.  Their macaroni salad is to die for.  Mix their macaroni salad with a little bit of their thick, oh so yummy teriyaki sauce and it's like you have died and gone to heaven.   In addition, they believe in giving you generous portions and have reasonable prices. They have a good sized menu too, with a little something for everyone. Service is always friendly.  The only downside is they take cash only and at times their lines can be long!   And when I say "long" lines, I mean lines that go way out, past the entrance to the restaurant.   To ensure you aren't waiting in line I give this piece of advice.  Go before noon or after 2 pm to avoid the crowds.  Yes, folks, this place is that popular!  When you do decide to make a trip, make sure to wear your stretchy pants.  LOL!  :D
Delicious authentic Hawaiian food. I had the shoyu chicken and it came with all the fixens. Sticky rice and macaroni salad. It was da bomb! I couldn't eat very much of it though as I didn't want to get full before eating at Alex for dinner. We also ordered some poke which was as good as you can get it in Hawaii. Will definitely be coming back here for a tasty lunch whenever in Vegas. The only problem is we have to go down to Fremont. :(
Usually my first stop when staying in downtown during a visit to Vegas, and I get the same thing - the cheeseburger. I love their cheeseburger. The patty is not a perfect oval, so they probably make it by hand - it's got a nice salty texture, and it comes with macaroni salad. It's like an old-fashioned homemade hamburger. The cheeseburger is so good, I never order anything else, but I should. I've had tastes of other people's spam musubi and kim chee, and they are good, but not enough for me to replace my burger. They are side orders, you say? Yes, but Not that the burger is huge, but it is a nice size and along with the macaroni salad, it is filling, and don't need extra sides to this. 

If it weren't for Yelp, I probably wouldn't even think of ordering anything else, but now, I would like to try the saimen here, and maybe their local plate. I've had tastes of other stuff, but yes, the five rating is all about the cheeseburger.
This is a place that I stop at every visit to Las Vegas no matter if I'm staying another place.

My usual order is the garlic chicken w/gravy, spam musubi, and ahi poke.  I'll have this for brunch it will usually hold me over til dinner.  The flavors of the food are delicious and very filling.  The ladies behind the counter seem to never change and they act like they recognize me everytime I visit (I wouldn't doubt if they didn't but that just adds to their personal service).  The food comes arrives at your table in a timely manner and is served with a smile.

This a pleasant little gem hidden in downtown LV.  Tasty food at a reasonable cost has the makings of a successful eatery.
this spot never gets old. the best saimin in town and i can't not stop by here if i'm in the downtown vegas area. if you want to add a little bite to your dish, ask for some sriracha sauce or add the spicy mustard that they give you. you will want to slurp up every ounce of the broth, the noodles are thicker and better quality than any other saimin wannabe, and the portions are insane when you see their prices. i sometimes forget what good mac salad is until i make my way back here and remember why i like mac salad, when it's made right! then if you can stomach some more after a bunch of good food, head across the hall for some delish ice cream from lappert's. the poifect ending to a fine meal!
Was surprised how many Hawaiian natives are praising this place. The mixed plate and Poke were both drowned in sauce to the point that the meal was ruined. It didn't taste like anything I've had in Hawaii, but was fascinated by this strange hotel named after California and filled with Hawaiians. There's a book on the hotel's history and its connection to Hawaii. I also went to try the Shave Ice at the ice cream shop next door, but the machine was broken. What a bust!
This is our favorite restaurant for Hawaiian food. It's located inside the California Hotel/Casino (a popular place with Hawaiian tourists due to Sam Boyd's longtime marketing specials) in the downtown area, where you park in the parking garage, take your ticket, take the elevators down to the casino, and then self-validate the ticket at the counter. Take the escalators up (2nd floor) to the restaurant. You stand in line (the menu is on the wall, making it easy to choose what you want), place your order and pay, get a number, select a table or booth, where a server brings you your food. There is seating right outside the restaurant wheren you can people watch as they walk by. Due to its popularity, it does get crowded very easily. We've been coming here for years. (Save room for ice cream- Lappert's is across the way- that's what we do, every time.) And just so you know, we've been to Hawaii many times, so we are very familiar with Hawaiian food. I also have a Grandmother from Hawaii.  

I've had the saimin (large bowl- I can only eat half of it), korean chicken (spicy, just a warning for the mild folks out there- I've been ordering this dish more lately), and the teriyaki plate (order it skinless, just a tip). The plates come with macaroni salad  (yummy) and a couple scoops of rice. Everything is really good. All the Hawaiian drinks are available (like Pass-O-Guava). It's very reasonable. If you're looking for ambiance, this is not a place for a great setting. (I just wanted to mention that because there are some people out there that love that sort of thing.) It's a simple place where you get really good Hawaiian food at reasonable prices. Also, the portions are pretty big- I usually bring home leftovers. Unless it is crowded, service is great. No complaints here. I don't think that I've had a bad meal here, ever, over the years. They do catering.  The location is especially good because it is not in the super-busy (and sometimes pricier) Strip. It's a gem in the desert.
I enjoy places that provide a great value for the money spent on food. This goes back to how much I did not enjoy paying for going out to eat in California, because it is always so expensive. I originally heard about this Hawaiian restaurant from a Teriyaki Hawaiian Restaurant owner / chef friend from California. He had stayed at the California hotel, which is where this place is located, and decided to act on his recommendation. Good thing I did! I have been eating here for over a year and they only have raised prices once to an acceptable level. I always get the flash combo bowl chicken no skin & beef on a mound of sticky white rice. I then order a small saimin, which is huge, if I'm still hungry or if I want to share it. Two things that could make this restaurant a home run, accept credit & debit cards & have a healthy brown rice upgrade option. They promptly close, so be on time!
I was first introduced to Aloha Specialties about 5 years ago and have been in love every since. This small restaurant, located Downtown Las Vegas, has some of the BEST Hawaiian food I have ever consumed. Not exactly heart healthy, but its a definite a cure for your island craving. I have tried nearly everything on the menu once or twice. I highly recommend the Siam-in, which at most places is a miss, but A.S hits it right on. The super bowls are huge and under $5, and the combination plates range but are under $10. The Teri Sauce is like NO other!  I would happily pour it on a human arm and consume it!  But the item that has me coming back (as often as my waistline will allow) is the macaroni salad. I have never been a fan of mac salad, but they made a believer out of me. Sure its loaded with lard and not much else, but its so delicious that the second it touches my lips any weight concerns go out the window. Give it a try, you wont be disappointed!
They close pretty early for Vegas. A must stop every time i'm in Vegas, great comfort food. My personal favorite by a long shot is the Kalua pork, it's like a shot of hawaiian flavor in your mouth with each bite. saimin and fried saimin are very good, if you're craving soup the saimin is where it's at. spam masubi could use a thicker cut of spam, my brother and i make better, at least in my opinion. the korean chicken was pretty good, good flavor and not too salty. i'll be here again in OCT for the LA KINGS frozen fury, so you know where i'll be stopping by to eat.
Saw the episode where Anthony Bourdain ate here and had to go! Food was great! Best Ahi Poke i've had since visiting Hawaii. HUGE tuna peices in good sauce. Good Poke is hard find...who would have thought it's in Las Vegas? I had to try the Loco Moco and it definitely did not disappoint! Will definitely be back here everytime we are in Vegas!
My son was torn between the garlic chicken and the Korean chicken; the guy at the cash register said Korean chicken, hands down. We ordered that and a locals plate  with two Spam musubi, teriyaki chicken and teriyaki beef, and a scoop of macaroni salad. It was all delicious. Even though we were really hungry, we took plenty of leftovers back to the hotel for a midnight snack. We also got a pack of macadamia chocolate chip cookies that had no preservatives, only the ingredients you would use in cookies made at home -- so good. 

Remember, cash only and no coupons, but definitely worth a stop!
This cash-only restaurant is nestled in the California Hotel, down the block from Vegas' famous tourist attraction, Fremont Street. Parking is a breeze - just use the hotel's self-park. :) 

I ordered the Garlic Chicken Combo (comes with macaroni salad and rice), a Coke and a side spam Musubi. Five minutes after our party sat down, we were served! (Probably the shortest time I've had to wait for food in Vegas). The food was BOMB. This beats your typical Hawaiian Chain restaurant any day! And unlike typical Vegas fare from the strip, the cost did not hurt my wallet.

Full and happy? Check.
Hidden Vegas gem? Check.

** Note: This place is not for people who want to go on a diet. They keep the skin on the chicken (both sides) and they smother your dish with gravy (if it comes with gravy).... all I can say is, HELL YES BABY. Just be aware of what you're getting yourself into when it comes to Hawaiian food but other than that indulge yourself in the gravy goodness. 

I'm hooked. I want one of these in Los Angeles immediately. 
And as my friend Stephen H. would say, "THAT'S THE SITUATION!"
Great traditional Hawaiian fare. Fantastic low prices! Seriously,  what a deal! Located inside the Californian hotel in downtown.  The staff was very friendly, customers were 95% Hawaiian, it must be a good place.  I will certainly return. Bonus, the casino was actually clean and nice.......in downtown!  Free parking in the garage.
Mmm mm. A place to go for some good home cooked style food. I always have a hard time ordering because everything on the menu sounds so good. A mix of hawaiian and filipino items. 

My last visit, I ordered the classic Loco Moco. A simple yet filling dish consisting of hamburger patty, with two eggs, topped with tasty gravy all covering a base of white rice. 

The place can get really busy around lunch time, so get there between 10-11am and you'll be good. After that, wait time can be almost 30-45mins to order. After the lunch rush, wait time isn't an issue.

Oh!... and bring cash. no card accepted.
I have heard so much about this place that when I finally had the chance to try it out they already had a high expectation to live up to in my book. I would say it was O.K. - I've definitely had better... 
I was taliking to someone that told me that when they first moved to Vegas in the mid 1990's this was the only place that you could find Hawaiian Food so that's why this place it still so special to many people and for that reason I can understand the love for this place!!
THE FOOD:
    Korean Chicken- I hate when places only offer chicken thighs!!! (Chicken Breast is just so much healthier for you) It was O.K. but once you peeled off the skin the rest of the chicken had no taste.
     Fried Saimin: This was good!!!
     Poke: I was very disappointed with this dish, it was just sooo soaked in soy sauce- Not good at all....
   The other dishes had at the table that I did not try was Chop Steak, Mix Plate and Loco Moco- Everyone else seemed to be content with their food. My 6yr old nephew really loved his Loco Moco. 
I didn't care for the cash only policy either- very inconvenient if you ask me!!! Anyhow, I do not see myself craving to go back...
Just ok. 

I can't think of anything really good about this place. The line was long, about an hour (luckily my sister was smart to wait for us as my relative got ready) and just ok with the food. 

I ordered the garlic chicken but was brought something else, more like chicken cutlet. I mean whatever, I was so hungry I didn't care. I ate it, it was ok. A pretty big portion, I couldn't even finish the whole thing. 

One weird thing is the amount of people visiting from Hawaii that eat there. I mean I get it, you're comfortable eating food that you like but there's SOO many places to eat in Vegas, why eat something you can get ANYWHERE at home.
8/15/10
After about a 30 minute wait we got the aloha bento which consists of: Teri beef, Korean chicken, hotdog, mahimahi, furikaki on rice, the large saimin noodles, and a side of spam musubi.  The Korean chicken was good, but I guess I expected more...maybe it was because of all the other items in the bento meal that took away from the chicken...

The line here is ridiculously long on a Sunday afternoon 3pm!! but I have to say definitely worth it... We truly enjoyed our meal but I couldn't give it a complete 5 stars when I wasn't a fan of the saimin noodles..the soup was delicious but the noodles just a bit blah..but the portion was HUGE we couldn't even finish it with 2 people...

SO glad one of the blackjack dealers suggested we try it out! Definitely going back to try other dishes next time...considering the Cal is one of my fave downtown casinos to play at...
5 STARS FOR THEIR TERIYAKI CHICKEN. 


I always used to resent my grandparents for insisting on staying here ALL THE TIME, but no pool filled with Ed Hardy speedo wearing juiceheads who overdosed on the T & didn't get enough G or L in (amg, I'm totally swooning right now, can you tell) can compare to this teriyaki chicken.
My vegas vacations would not be complete with out stopping here for my lau lau plate,saimin and teri sticks...This is the place where people from the hawaiian islands come to eat to get their taste of home....everything here is onolishes(very good).Authentic local food,plates big enough to take some back to your room for later.Don't be surprised if there is a long line.It's worth the wait...Come here and enjoy.(p.s. the sports book is on the same floor around the corner.So can run and go place your parlay card while you are eating)..heehee..Enjoy aloha specialties in one of my favorite towns.....Vegas baby!!!!!!!!!!!
In honor of the new TV series Hawaii Five-0 (pretty good except Danno should be Asian!) I am reviewing one of my more liked Hawaiian restaurants here in LV.  Aloha Specialties is located in the ever popular California Hotel downtown.  This place alone could qualify for Hawaii's '9th Island'!  So many locals I tell you.  You know you around Hawaii people when almost everyone in the hotel is in one Local Motion or Maui Built shirt (I have several), jeans shorts or cargos, and slippahs.  No, no...not flip-flops...slippahs!

Located on the 2nd floor of the California Hotel across from Lappert's (yum), Aloha Specialties is very popular for the folks who still want local food, or are tired with their cheap prime rib, salad bar, and cherries jubilee dessert downstairs in the cafe.  It's open for lunch and dinner everyday of the week, but watch out for the lines they can get long real quick especially at lunchtime.  It can be hard to find seating.

The menu here is fully local Hawaii fare, lots of typical stuff you would find at a local hole in the wall back in the islands.  Good, stick to your ribs (abs in my case...ha ha) food that offers good value, and a good amount of carbs.  Whenever I go here I always, always order the same things. No particular reason, those are just my favorites.  I get the Teriyaki Chicken bowl w/ Mixed Vegetables, extra teriyaki sauce, and the Teriyaki Burger w/ Macaroni Salad (sorry folks, they don't serve fries here!).  It is my absolute favorite and brings me back to memories of being home on Maui.  I love to douse my chicken bowl with pepper and Tabasco.  Mucho ONO!  I'm pretty addicted to their teriyaki sauce, it goes great on everything.  It's sweet, and a bit thick just how I like it.  Their burgers unfortunately are griddle cooked and not flame grilled so you won't see those grill marks we all like.  But it's ok, I still enjoy mine much with teriyaki sauce and mayo!  Yes, mayo!  Top that burger with lettuce, and tomato and you're all set.  Some good eating!  Because I don't like to look like a total piggy, I make my lady order a large Saimin for herself so we can 'share'.  When I say share I mean she will eat 3 or 4 bites, and I will politely clean up her leftovers.  Their saimin is so good...oishii!

The rest of the menu consists of lots of local favorites, but honestly I haven't tried most of them.  I'm a creature of habit what can I say?  But the menu does have: Loco Moco, Garlic Chicken, Korean Chicken, Kalua Pig w/Cabbage, Teriyaki Beef, Fried Saimin, Chop Steak, Lau Lau, and Tripe Stew.  They also have different burgers and side items, like fresh Poke and Spam Musubi.  Keep in mind, you will not find the next coming of Jesus in this food, no 5-star cuisine here, just fresh food at local prices.  The highest menu items are in the $11-12 range but most of the menu is well below those prices.  Keep some of that dough for the slot machines!  Portions are pretty good sized especially the saimin, the large will easily feed two people.  Or one hungry Hawaiian!  Service is friendly but very quick because the line builds steadily.  If you know Pidgin, ordering is a good time to use it!  Another thing to note, Aloha Specialties does not accept credit or debit cards, cash only!
My friend took me to this restaurant on a recent Vegas trip since I love Hawaiian food. The restaurant is inside the California hotel. It's a perfect give-a-way that it is a good one when there are a lot of Hawaiians roaming around the casino and hotel. I ordered one of my all time fave, loco moco. Boy was it good!!! My friend ordered saimin and the soup just reminded me of Shige's. I would definitely come here again and try one of their lunch plates. There's also a Lappert's Ice Cream right across that sells malasadas but you need to go get the malasadas early cause they sell out pretty fast.
Good local island food in Vegas.  The servings are generous, so come with an appetite.  The usually long lines are a deterrent, but it is worth the wait.  The saimin/won ton mein is good.  The sweet and sour ribs were good too, but could have used more ribs in the serving.  The prices are pretty average for good island food on the mainland.  I will definitely come back to try some different dishes.
I love, love, love how the California casino/hotel caters to the Hawaiian community.  And Local and transplant Hawaiians reciprocate by visiting this hotel almost exclusively it seems!  Therefore, we always make it a point to visit this place when we are downtown. We stumbled upon this place at the mezzanine level of the casino and saw a long line forming out the door that just kept growing.  Of course  we had to try out the food here even though we ate not 2 hours  ago.

I had the special: Ochoa zuke#1:  tea , rice, Teri chicken, spam, fishcake, Saba (mackerel) and assorted pickles... $9.99
-nicely done and presented in bento box.  EVERYTHING was YUMMMMMMM...

-ahi poke: fresh ahi tuna marinated in soy sauce, sugar, limu, green onions etc.. Generous portions and very fresh.

-coffee was 50 cents and my hubby was shocked.

There really isn't an 'ambiance' here, it's basically a "mom and pop" Hawaiian style cafe in a casino which for the California hotel, is quite suitable! 

Cash only.
My trip to Vegas was complete after a $20 cab ride to the Cal. Our mission was to eat some good 'ol comfort food. We ordered a variety of plates: loco moco, fried saimin, teriyaki burger, teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef, and saimin. I am happy that they make their own patties, not the pre-fabricated frozen patties you get from costco. The loco moco brown gravy has a real gravy taste, nothing a package can get you. The teriyaki sauce is sweet and a good compliment to the salty meats it is poured over. The mac salad is creamy and plentiful, but there's always room for more! Only thing is that I was surprised to see the saimin order did not come with fish cake, one of my husband's favorites in saimin.
Ohhh man this place is dope! Hawaiian food late night is always great! I know this place closes early like around 10pm, but you still can get some of the menu items at the restaurant downstairs. Same company, just using that place for late night Hawaiian munchies I guess...

 I usually get their spam and eggs. Not much I can say about this meal, except that spam is always 2 thumbs up! I know they got kalua pig upstairs. The kalua pig is flavorful and juicy. Downstairs they got the Ox Tail soup is pretty darn tasty. They pack that bowl with at least 5 big ox tails!! The broth is similar to a filipino dish called Nilaga... so I can't argue about that! It also comes with a bowl of rice.

Definitely will be coming here for my late night Hawaiian grindz...

Aloha bitches!!
For a Local Hawaiian place this is pretty good. 
The food tastes good, cheap prices and its as close as it gets to a plate lunch place in Hawaii. If you are feeling like Local food, go here. Chicken Teri / Garlic chicken is good....Teri Burger, Mahi mahi, Fried Saimin, Saimin and Loco Moco are good too.
The specials are always good, Local plate, Mix plate, Teri plate.
Almost everything they have is good or what Ive tried so far, even their musubi's are good, top with fruit punch and whoooaaa....Overall good place to grind but may be busy since this is a favorite to many people....
Before moving to Vegas, my friends and I would always pay a visit at the 'California Hotel' (Downtown Vegas), not to gamble but to eat at this hawaiian bbq spot. I've never been to a bad hawaiian bbq restaurant but I could tell the difference from O.K. versus a  Better tasting place..

Beef Teriyaki, Loco Moco, Ribs, Spam Musubi, Portuguese Sausage are all very good choices. But I must say that their Teriyaki Chicken was fluffier than most I've tried and their Teriyaki sauce was so rich, thick (gravy like) and tasty!

Much Better than O.K. tasting Hawaiian Food!
The Saimin was really good. Get there early to avoid the long line.
Aloha Specialties probably has some of the best Hawaiian food in town. Other Yelpers had already praised this place to death, so I'll keep it short and sweet.

-absolutely love their teriyaki chicken. possibly the best I've had.
-saimin bowls are cheap and gigantic. I often go here just for a bowl.
-breakfast is decent. traditional spam & eggs fare. 
-this place gets really busy on weekends. Don't be surprised if you have to wait 30 min+ just to place an order.
-cash only. keep this in mind before you stand in line!
-great ice cream shop right next door for dessert

This place has definitely become my go-to place for Hawaiian food in Vegas.
My family from Hawaii always stay at the California Hotel when they come out to Vegas 2 or 3 times a year.  Although they are here frequently, it has been a couple of years since we've eaten at this restaurant.  I was in the mood for some Saimin so we headed down to meet them here for lunch.

I ordered a small bowl of Saimin ($5.99) and a Teri-Burger ($6.99).  Their definition of "small" is Hawaiian Small.....which means H-U-G-E!  The bowl of Saimin was about a 1/2 gallon.  It was tasty as usual.  The Teri-Burger was very good too.....it comes with a side of Macaroni Salad....but I didn't try it, I was too stuffed.

A couple of tips if you are going to visit this place:

- It gets very crowded during Lunch and Dinner hours, so it's best to go between those meal periods.

- It's a self service restaurant where you order at the counter and they either call your number or take it to your table.

- You can order take out.

- There is fresh iced water in jugs on the right side of the restaurant.....I didn't see this and ordered bottled Water.

Overall, it was another good meal at Aloha Specialties....I got my Saimin fix for a while.

Will I return?  You bet I will.
wen stay downtown las vegas, "locals" gotta fo go git grinds at da kine aloha specialties.
eva body git guud aloha.
da  grinds is ono. no matter wat git: korean chicken, teri plates, bento, and da saimin stay da best from hawaii.
ohana style service too.
check um out wen yu stay at da cal o vegas club. wat eva's!
This is one of my favorite Hawaiian Restaurants on the Mainland. My family has been coming year for years and it's still the same menu and same people working behind the counter. The restaurants is located on the second floor of the California Hotel.  Here are a few of my favorites:Small Saimin with Wontons (believe me the small is enough), Local Plate- comes with 2 spam musubi, teri chicken, teri beef, and mac salad. In my opnion the mac&salad has waay too much mayo for me, Loco Moco- When i want to throw the diet out the window.... one HUGE hamburger patty, 2 sunny side up eggs, all drenched in Gravy over a bed of white rice. Yum! FYI Cash Only.
I can't complain about Aloha Specialties..they serve down home delicious Hawaiian food at reasonable prices. Oh, and HUGE portions. I always seem to go during peak hours so the line to order is often out the door, but there's so many menu items that it takes a while to decide what you want. Even when its packed, the service is great and you'll get your food in no time. They are cash only, which is fine, just hit up one of the 10,000 ATMs in downtown. Some of the food may be a little questionable (Fried saimin, actually regular saimin that looks like it was fried for a few seconds & the poke which is drowned in shoyu) but I stick with what I know- Teri cheeseburger & a small saimin. I need my combo fix of that since Washington Saimin closed down in Honolulu.. :(
This a great food and excellent comfort food for anyone from Hawaii.  Now I understand that the non-Hawaii people might not give this a 5 star rating but then again how many non-Hawaii people are hanging at the Cal?

I was hungry when I stopped by with the fam for dinner after hitting the floor at the Cal an working up an appetite.

The fried saimen is so good.  Noodle are tender but with enough tooth to them to be respectable.  No pasty or gummy fare here.  Toppings are fresh and flavorful with bright green onions with just a little tang to them.  Bean sprouts are crisp and milky white with a fresh taste.

I also had a cheeseburger in the same sitting (I was hungry and from Hawaii).  The patty was moderate in size, not thin and not gluttonously large.  It was hand made and contained fresh juicy beef that had that homemade flavor that no process patty can compete with.  Lettuce, onion, and tomato were firm, fresh, and juicy.  FYI you can get a side of kim cheese and toss it in the burger for a wonderful kim chee cheeseburger, not for the faint of heart or heart burn prone.

Overall the food is well made, portions are good, and the service is fast and friendly.  Beyond the food the friendly staff reminds me of home and that makes a meal at Aloha Specialities all the more special.
This used to be much better.  Don't get the Poke. It gave me food poisoning.  Gotta go!  Have to hit the toilet...again!
There is always a line here and cheap food by Vegas standards.  

Pros:
-Good place if you miss Hawaii or Asian food
-huge portions
-pretty cheap
-a lot of variety

Con:
Slow service and really long wait (order your own food and they bring it to your table)

My Fav Food:
- Siamin
-Masubi
-Local Plate
-Aloha Plate
-poke
THE BEST HAWAIIAN FOOD I've had on the mainland in comparison to the home-cooking in the rainbow state.  Close enough to the cooking at Rainbow's in Oahu i guess.  Good grubb!!!  My favorite is the shoyu chicken with 2 fried eggs and gravy & the ahi poke by far!  Everything on the menu is delicious and affordable.  Everybody has to know about this place..It's a secret hideout where all the locals hang out.  Good, good food at a very low, low price....JUST LIKE HOME!!  Thanks for the load of food!!!  If you want to get the bang for your buck, this is where you should get your grub on!  Come on an empty stomach though...
This place is cute and makes you feel really homey... I always get their Wonton Saimin, and it is delicious... the broth is perfectly seasoned, the noodles are great along with the meat and wontons!!!  Along with that we ordered the local plate, nothing too special to rave about that, mainly terriyaki chicken and beef, which came with 2 spam misubi's and some macaroni.  The macaroni was kind of bland... The prices are reasonable and the portions are very generous... Gotta try the poki next time I am there or the garlic spare ribs which looked really good too!!!
I love the aloha bento here which has pretty much everything on it.  Mahi mahi, teri beef, and korean chicken.  Fruit punch is just like home.  Always come here when staying at this hotel.
Aloha specialties serves comfort food for Hawaiians. We tried the local plate, the mixed plate and the ahi poke. The local plate was spam musubi and teriyaki beef with macaroni. The beef was overcooked, dry and covered with sweet teriyaki and the spam musubi must be an acquired taste. The mixed plate had chicken and fish, which was fried and bland. Their ahi poke was pretty good with big chunks of fresh fish.

Most of the people eating here (and staying at the Cal) are Hawaiian and they seem to love this restaurant and praise it for its authenticity. We left disappointed and wondering how the same people who make delicious poke also love bland meat and macaroni.
Its like reuniting with that old flame that you can never quite forget.  Before it expanded, it was the typical HOLE in the Muther Effin Wall.  Did a fly by biz trip in the area, so i went to reminisce.

Small Saimen
Curry Chicken Platter
Large Fruit Punch

So damn cold in vegas last week....but oh so perfect a meal.

Have yet to experience a bad meal.
ugggh , i can't even bare to read aLL the good feedback this restaurant got . 2 stars is being EXTREMELY generous . when i Lived in Vegas years ago , my famiLy & i used to ALWAYS go here & it was thee Biz . i recentLy went here the first week of january when i was visiting & it was pathetic . food was bLand , service was whomp whomp , they have NO chicken katsu , & they ONLY accept cash . Like seriousLy , it's 2011 ... get with the program . as much as i LOVED this pLace when i was younger , i don't think i couLd ever bring myseLf to go here again . if you guys want good hawaiian/isLand food in the mainLand , come to the REAL state of CaLifornia & i'LL be gLad to recommend a handfuL of great pLaces . i was Looking forward to going to this pLace when we got to vegas , & it was such a bummer that it was faiL .
OK. I initially wanted to eat at the snack bar downstairs because I love the shrimp tempura there. However, I was coerced to trek the escalator and eat here at Aloha Specialties. Don't get me wrong this place has the heart of Hawaiian food but some of the entrees here did not satisfy my taste buds. This is what we had on a ten point scale.

Beef teri bowl - 6
Chicken teri bowl - 7
Hawaiian poke - 8
Mac Salad - 8 
Beef Stew - 3 (very disappointing)
Spamusubi - 6 

The service was very good. In my opinion the snack bar downstairs is waaaay better.
Fun place for a real ethnic experience.  When I walked in, I felt like I had walked off a plane in Honolulu.  It was so warm and inviting with all the Pacific Rim folks.   Great food and cheap cheap cheap.  Such a nice break from the same old boring mostly white casino folks.  Hey, I'm a Haole .... just sayin!  You can get a spam musabi for $1.75!   The raspberry iced tea is wonderful.   Most dishes come with a side of macaroni salad that is delicious!
I was there for my Valentine's Lunch and it was definitely memorable in a good way.
A (decent size) of teriyaki chicken rice bowl for 3 bucks, where else you can get something like that? The price at Aloha definitely falls into the affordable category, and their food is not bad either. I especially love the Kalbi combo, which unfortunately is not available everyday. The saimin noodle soup is not bad. My only complaint is that they put too little charsiu pork/fish cake etc... Even if i order extra charsiu, it's still too little.
This place is awesome!  There are a few deals to be had in Vegas. This is one of them.

Fine Diners Beware: this is hole in the wall Hawaiian old school. To borrow a phrase from a favorite Oahu joint, this is "eat till you sleep" type food.

Recommended: everything. And get an extra Spam Musubi to go , it's the best $1.75 you will spend in Vegas.
I went here for lunch today to satisfy my saimin and ahi poke craving.  So yes, that's what I ordered!  The saimin had green onion, egg, and pork pieces in it.  They give you spicy mustard on the side.  I put the whole thing in because I just love the way the spiciness just makes my noise tingle! Hahaha!  If you want wontons in your saimin, it's a bit extra.  I ordered a large and for some reason i thought I'd be able to finish it... not at all!  I had to pack the rest of it up and it still filled the entire container! 

Ahi poke is probably the best I've had in a long time.  Tastes very fresh.  The onion pieces were a bit too big than what I would usually like, but I was able to work my way around them.  For $4.95, it's a pretty good portion!

I also ordered a side of kimchee.  Kimchee is good and they give you a pretty good portion of it.  I had to take this to go, too!  

Service is O.K.  You pay at the cashier first, then you get a number and a server comes out to bring your food.  It took less than 10 minutes to get my food.

Lesson learned... This place serves up pretty big portions!  Don't order everything you want at once! And also, cash only.
3/5/11

Love this place and just the casual atmosphere! This time we tried the fried saimin and the Korean style chicken...both good, but the fried saimin wasn't all that fried..it was pretty saucy...next time i'm gonna try the Loco Moco! this place is becoming our regular places to stop by...I mean it's not the greatest food..and some of the dishes can be pretty fatty...but mebbe it's the Asian majority here that makes one just feel at home...LOL
This is one of the best hawaiian food place in vegas. Granted its a hole in the wall (of a casino). 
I ordered the "local plate" 2 spam masubi, teri chix/beef and a side of mac. I enjoyed my plater very much. While my other friends ordered the "bento box" and the teriyaki bowls. For the price they had for the bowls, I shouldved ordered one! it was much more than my "local plate". Well I was craving spam masubi, so I my stomach was telling me to buy it vs the other specialties. A buck fifty for a tall drink, sold! vs one of the specialty canned drinks (also for the same price).
Some of my friends dogged me for eating spam masubi (they dont like spam or seaweed). So I tell them "life is short, enjoy and eat it up" besides, they're missing out on some good food!
decent prices, I'm coming baack for some more grub! :)
If you are looking for Hawaiian food.. this is da place.
We had the saimin, Korean Chicken and Combo plate.  Feels like Hawaii or Gardena  lol!
large saimin, hamburger steak gravy all over and poki.....that is what we order everytime we come here.....just to have some hawaiian "comfort" food when you are away from home....gotta have rice & gravy
Aloha Specialties makes some of the best Hawaiian type food outside of Hawaii.  It could be because most of the customers come from Hawaii so they want to make it as authentic as possible.

First off, when you go here, order the Korean Chicken.  It's a bit spicy but if you like the heat like I do then "you will love this.". The more people the merrier...so you can try some of your friends dishes as well, like their Local Plate that comes with Spam Musubi.  What is Spam Musubi?  Well, it's spam sushi-style.

It's CASH ONLY here so bring some greenbacks with you.  It's located inside the California Hotel & Casino.  Parking is free for 4 hours after validation near the cashier cage.  Aloha Specialties is a great place to try out some Hawaiian cuisine if you've never had it before.  Enjoy!!!
Like a red-beacon in the foggy mist of roaming data, the Yelp app has once again directed this hungry ship into the safety of Aloha Specialties' harbour of Hawaiian dining.

Looking for eats downtown before hitting up the Fremont street casinos, we headed toward the best-reviewed place in the vicinity. And of course, so did everyone else. This tiny cafeteria-style restaurant is on the second floor of the California Hotel and Casino; a place FILLED with Hawaiians. So far, so good.

There is a long and boisterous line, so you will have plenty of time to decide on your order and discuss life and the menu with strangers in line. I heard lots of passionate opinions about both. After much consultation I decided to get a chicken bowl, with onions and mushrooms.

Sit down after placing your order (the table turnover is pretty quick) and the food is brought to you. It felt like our meals came out in seconds, but then I may have been feeling temporal distortion due to alcohol. It also felt like the food went down in seconds, but that's because it was magically delicious. And it's filling, and it's cheap. Go.

Obligatory Title Pun: It'll BOWL you over.

Menu Readability: Nothing worth mentioning.

Need to mention: This place is cash only.

What this place teaches me about myself: I'll wait in any line if I have had enough to drink.
This place is great.

If your planning on having lunch or dinner expect a very long wait. It goes very fast though considering that its a small restaurant. Seating is hard to get so have one person order for you and the other out looking for a place to sit. 

This is the place to go for cheap good portioned food. 

Haven't tried everything but every time I come I order the teriyaki bowl (that comes with white rice). This is huge and the beef is sooo tender and the teriyaki sauce is sweet but not over powering. I love it! It tastes soooo good. maybe someday I'll take a chance and order something else.

Least favorite thing about this place is that they accept cash only! How inconvenient! Oh well, its def worth it.

I would go more often but its 30 minutes from my house.
I took the Deuce from the Strip to Downtown in search of some good Hawaiian food. Given the hour of misery I spent on the bus, there was a heightened expectation.

Initially I went over to Market Street Cafe at California Hotel, but saw that they were busy. I noticed the sign for Aloha Specialties however, so I went upstairs to the 2nd floor of the California to try this place out.

Aloha Specialties is a very casual place. There are a fair number of tables inside the restaurant with a few right outside on the mezzanine. The offerings here, all of which are cheap would be something you would find at the plate lunch places in Hawaii. Things like spam musubi, macaroni salad, saimin and meat plates.

I tried the ahi poke ($4.95) which was on special, the flash rice bowl with chicken and beef ($3.25) and washed it down with some raspberry tea ($1.50). My order came out wiki (fast).

The ahi poke portion is very generous. Big chunks of ahi with big pieces of onion and plenty of soy sauce. A very traditional version of this dish. This is salty, so make sure that if you order it that you get a side to counter this. Liked it well enough, though I am a fan of spicy and sweet versions of poke. The rice bowl was cheap and filling. Meats were tasty drenched with the sweet teriyaki sauce. It is reminiscent of the teriyaki you find around Seattle.

If you are looking for a taste of Hawaii in Vegas, Aloha Specialties fits the bill. Good food and service with aloha.
dude wtf are they doing to the Mac salad??

for real its like the creamiest mac salad Ive ever had, which coupled with the B health rating kinda makes me nauseous, but in a good "don't tell me, I don't wanna know, this sh*t is bomb" kinda way.

Portions are big.

Best items I tried were the terry chicken and the mac salad!

One of the best terry chickens Ive had, and Ive had a lot TRUST.

Hang loose braddah! I gotta life time ah knowledge
I really love the garlic chicken here.  I'm not sure how it gets its name since there really doesn't seem to be any garlic in it nor is it like any garlic chicken in Hawaii, but it is really tasty.  The breading is cripsy and the gravy is salty.
A tradition and must when we visit Vegas! Our 1st stop.  

But, the CA hotel smells of cigarette smoke all over the place. Being an older hotel, must have an extremely poor ventilation system. It seems like there is no air that circulates. Only thing that recycles is cigarette smoke with cigarette smoke.  I feel like I have pure virgin lungs before stepping into the lobby. When I walk out, I feel like I have black lungs.

Ono food though! :)

Then Lappert's afterwards if there's room for more.
Flipping delicious best hangover food ever.  I used to work at L&L and I love this place more.
A little taste of home tucked away in the California Hotel. Good eats for a good price. 

I've been here once before a few years ago, and during our recent trip we wanted some good local food. This place definitely reminds me of home...and surprisingly its seems to be always packed with local people :) 

Their ahi poke was surprisingly really good! I'm always happy to find a place on the mainland that can make poke as good but never better than Hawaii. Mac salad and teri chicken a must have! 

The only complaint and HUGE disappointment was their take on sweet and sour spare ribs. It had a weird sauce, that kinda reminded me Chinese food--it was gooey and it just didn't taste right.
On of my favorite places to eat Hawaiian food!! It on 2nd floor of California Hotel! Korean Chicken is good! Also Aloha Bento, Aloha Breakfast, & a bunch of other ones!! Love eating here when I'm hungry for some grinds!! Opens @ 9am! I'm not to sure about the time it closes but you can call!! ONO GRINDS!! great service!!
This is my favorite place to eat at the Cal!  The poke was AMAZING.  It seriously tasted like the one I had in Hawaii.. A nd that's hard to compete with!! 

Other dishes that I really enjoyed:
Loco Moco:  Egg, beef patty, and gravy over rice.  Really filling, and delicous.
Ochazuke:  This is like a bunch of little sides served with rice and tea.  Saba, tofu, teriyaki chicken, and other stuff.  I was a nice combination.
Eggs and rice: Simple and good.  Perfect breakfast.  You can order this with portuguese sausage, spam, or lunchmeat too.  

Overall, the staff is nice, the food is good, the place is clean, its reasonable priced.. What more could you ask for?  If you're looking for some good, filling, Hawaiian food.. This is the place to be.
Great food, low-key atmosphere.  Not he place to take a date but the perfect place to hit up with a friend before walking over to Fremont Street to Zip line and people watch!

We had the Wonton Saimin and a side of Teriyaki Chicken.  Very good and very filling.  We avoided the spam. :)
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.

Just.had a Loco Moco at Aloha Specialties, the eggs over easy was overdone. Hamburger was okay, just what I expected after having the Teri burger the other nite. They're Oyako was good.
@ For a  Loco Moco or Hamburger Steak, go to Like Like Drive Inn on Oahu, Hawaii (located on Keeaumoku Street).

Aloha Specialties' Teri Chicken is excellent. 
@Prices are very reasonable & employees are friendly & pleasant,
No trip to Vegas is complete without  a meal here!

My little girls love getting a bowl of saimin, spam musubi, and 'sprunch' (sprite and fruit punch!) My fave is the Spicy Korean Chicken- not very spicy and doesn't taste very 'Korean', but REALLY good! You can't go wrong with a protugeuse sausage/eggs/rice breakfast here ever!!!

Yes it's in the Cal (gasp!) DOWNTOWN... but we like to eat here before or after our stop @ the outlets on the way! It's a nice, relaxing break from the craziness of the strip, and it's fun sitting at the machines with all the Hawaiian 'aunties' and 'uncles' :)
Ate here for the first time and I was disappointed. There are all kinds of Local folks waiting in line, eating at the tables. The menu has lots to choose from. Went with the Loco Moco & Spam Musubi. The Loco Moco was good - hand-made patty, OK gravy & just enough rice. The slice of Spam was on the thin side.

Friend had chicken/beef teri. The plate came out with a big empty spot. Why didn't they spread out the meat (well, not too much to begin with), rice or mac salad to fill the gaping hole? The meats are cooked with teri sauce on top. They're not marinated and then cooked. Why not a potato/mac salad? It was bland. 

After all the hype I had to try it out. I'll wait 'til I get home to get some local grinds.
The BF and I take his mom and grandma for lunch. 

The BF got teriyaki ribeye- the meat was thin sliced and pretty soft. It's thick style teriyaki sauce which I'm not sure if I'm fond of, but its true Hawaiian style. 

I got the garlic chicken with gravy- this was decent, but it was stingy with the gravy and my 3rd piece was a bit burnt on the bottom....burnt garlic flavor is no bueno. I was debating between this or the ocha zuke bento. The family all ordered a plate, but we shared so I picked the more "family friendly" dish since the inlaws dont like fish.  

BF and I shared a ahi poke- It was okay. The cut of the fish isn't very uniform with small pieces being really marinated and some pieces being 4x it's size. They give you a good amount for the $4.95, but it's better to go to a poke deli if what you're wanting is good poke and thinking of coming here for it.

Mom got korean chicken- the BF and I loved this dish at Ross J's and hearing the two are associated by owners, we thought this would be a way to let her try it. It was good, but not nearly as good as Ross J's. They make the skin there crispy a bit so it's not nearly as fatty feeling with the skin. 

Grandma got chopped beef steak- this was pretty good stir fry with beef, bean sprouts, bell peppers, onions. She enjoyed it, but she took a piece of the korean chicken and liked it better. 

Each plate was about $8 so 4 plates, poke, and 4 drinks came up to $45ish so it was okay pricing, but I've had cheaper for better. 

Now, parking at the California is a plain fucking bitch. There's always a lack of space for the amount of people going here. We had to find parking elsewhere and wheelchair his grandma over on the street. They are pretty good about taking orders at a good pace so if you see a long line, it'll probably be about 10-15 minutes. 

Being a place with a line, a positive rating and a place associated to Ross J's (which we do really like), I was expecting a lot of ono. Not that it's a no-no, but it's just good food, not great food. It's not what I would say is worth the trouble and the wait . In the time it took us to find parking we could've gone to Henderson and took the family on a lil mini trip. Next time, we're gonna make the drive to Ross J's for the craving and skip this place. 

The Aloha I was looking for isn't this.
damn this place is in a hotel? this spot needs their own location on the strip somewhere and they'll def get good business esp at those prices! 

the loco moco i had was really good and it was sooooo much food for $6. i was tempted to get the tuna too but damn that was so much food. def a clean and nice place to grab lunch on a hot day in vegas. keep it up!
HO BRAH!

being born and raised in HAWAI'I, coming to Las Vegas and shooting some craps at the California hotel and casino is like cruising on vacation with all of my dads older homies.

all the local heads in the California makes las vegas seem a little less of a vacation and more of a family gathering.

dope how all the casino attendants are wearing aloha shirts!
'aloha served here!' poster on the front doors
so roots! aloha specialties restaurant upstairs? gotta kau kau if can..

LOCAL prices, quality LOCAL eats, LOCAL serving sizes, and LOCAL people.. what more can you ask for? loco moco, saimin, spam musubis, fruit punch, ahi poke?! say whaaat? this is the ONE spot in vegas, i'll continue coming back to grind everytime i'm in this party land!
I come here everytime I'm in vegas!

I love saimin and this place has a great kimchi saimin bowl!  The portions are awesome.  My hubby and I each get our own bowls.  He also likes the spam masubi.  

Better yet, the prices are totally reasonable.
Even though we had meal vouchers, I decided to spring for lunch and treat my family after winning a few on the $.25 machines. I kept reading about this place on yelp and wanted to try it on this past trip.

I had the Korean fried chicken plate. It was like BBQ chicken with a Korean twist. They give 3 thighs and it was tasty. The skin was crunchy too. The mac salad, however, wasn't so great. It was too mayonnaise-y and tasted like mayonnaise is all they put in it, no other seasonings. I should have stayed with the Korean theme and ordered a side of kim chee instead. 

My parents ordered saimin and I had a taste of the noodles. They tasted freshly made and the portions are huge! It costs extra to add on wonton and vegetables. 

I was afraid to, but I went off on a limb and also ordered the ahi poke. I live in Waipahu,HI and compare poke to Tanioka's so, especially on the mainland, I am afraid to try raw fish. I do not like frozen fish and hate getting upset stomachs. To my surprise the ahi was fresh! I do not like limu too much but there wasn't too much of it. The only thing I didn't like about the poke were the huge cubes. They could have cut them a little smaller and it could have soaked up more flavor from the shoyu, onions, etc. The onion slices are large, too. It was pretty good besides that. 

While we were eating, I saw an order of musubis come out and could tell they are made to order; the nori was still crunchy looking (just how I like it)  instead of wet from the rice and moisture. 

Although it is not advertised, they offer free refills on the beverages. You just have to bring your cup to the counter. Also, they have take out boxes and bowls already out along with complimentary water and foil so you don't have to ask. Overall, everything we had was delicious and I will be back to try other things next time.
Tired of the over priced buffets?  Go to Aloha Specialties for Good Hawaiian food at old school vegas prices.  I will always hit this spot more then a few times while in Vegas.
I absolutely love this place!! I've been coming here for the past couple of years now and I can never say no to korean chicken. It's located upstairs in California Hotel. Another great thing about it being in California Hotel, if they're closed, you can always go downstairs to the cafe for some late night oxtail soup! Mmmmm. But anyway about Aloha Specialities, it does suck that they take cash only but I'm always prepared before I come there. And sometimes during lunch, the line is ridiculously long, I hate waiting! Though it's a small little place everyone always fills this place up. So my favorite dish is the Korean Chicken, it has the perfect kick of spicy and the perfect crunch of crunchy!! Melts in your mouth and not only that but some mac salad on the side. I also like getting the Beef Chop Steak, it has lots of veggies when I feel like having a dose of veggies. Boyfriend likes the Chicken Curry, and damn is it good, nice and creamy with some rice mixed in! The portions are so big, I can't finish my whole plate, I end up eating all the chicken and leave out the rice. I only wish they were open a little bit later!! But overall my fav place for hawaiian food. ! : )
If you like Hawaiian grub, this is the place to eat at - 

Its in the upper level of the California Hotel & Casino. We used to hit this place up all the time when we came to Vegas. We were in town last weekend and decided to come here for some breakfast. I ordered my usual Loco Moco - a bed a rice, 2 hamburger pattys, 2 eggs over easy and gravy all over. 

Good stuff - if you're in downtown go check this place out
Move over Bellagio Buffet, Wynn Buffet, Mesa Grill, any other place in Las Vegas.

This is the place you want to eat at. 

Dealer : "Are you guys here for the family reunion?" 

We weren't, and initially had no idea what she was talking about, but thinking about it, that's exactly what this place is, a huge family reunion.  Now, i'm not Japanese or Hawaiian, but i sure felt like I was home....

Ohana...

Um anyways, the food at the Aloha Specialties restaurant was delicious! It was such a nice change of pace to be off the strip, the vibe was chill, prices weren't inflated; it was just nice to get away from all the lights, loud music, crazy people.  To just sit down and finally eat a meal that wasn't $35 and that was cooked to order, hot and homestyle. 

My friends ordered the Loco Moco which was awesome, nice char on the hamburger patties and the sauce didn't taste like normal generic loco moco sauce. I had the spam and shortribs which was also equally awesome. Everything was under $10 and i wanted to order the whole menu.  This was no frills, straight good Hawaiian food, with large portions. 

I've never been to downtown Vegas, let alone the California Casino, but i know the California and Aloha Specialties will definitely be on top of the to-do list every time we're back.

Oh, and i won $200 dollars here, which almost felt better than my lunch at Aloha Specialties.
This is a must do. We stopped in for a bite and were completely blown away with the food. Large portions at reasonable prices and totally delicious! Just do it!
Aloha Specialties is located on the second floor of the California Hotel and Casino on Fremont. This is the place to eat if you're from Hawaii and missing some good local food like we were. Haha. The prices are pretty decent. I think I paid a little over $10 for a kalua pig plate (complete with rice and mac salad) and a musubi. It was super filling and I couldn't even finish half my food. I guess it's good that not everyone ordered food then. 

I just didn't understand why the line moved so slowly when all you do in line is order and pay for your food. They give you a number and deliver the food to your table. There's always a long line. There was a line throughout the time we were in line and eating.
This is located on the 2nd floor of THE CAL! Above Market Street Cafe. 
My family & I come here to eat Large Saimen :)
Saimen is bomb[d0t]com.! *(Yeah, I say that a lot in my reviews). I mean, it's just noodles & soup, but so good.! I haven't eaten any other of the food items since I was small, just the saimen. All I can say it's GOOOOD.!
I've always wanted to try this place, but we always got to the Cal too late. This time we came early enough and saw the reasonably priced menu and we decided to eat there.

I did want the mahi mahi, but unfortunately it was sold out. They did have poke which I love and for $5 how can you go wrong? I knew that wouldn't be enough food, so I got a teri burger for only $3.50! It was pretty good sized and tasty for that amount. The poke wasn't the best I've had, but for the price it was good. My wife ordered the small saimen w/ wontons and she thought it was great. It was a good portion for the price and I tasted the broth which was good. 

This is a place I would definitely visit again. For the prices and the selection, it's probably better than the cafe downstairs. Sure, you can't get a $4 steak dinner after 11 PM, but overall the food is better.
Whenever we are in Vegas, this place is a must. It's located in the California hotel and casino in Fremont street. They have the best saimin ever. We ordered the local plate as well as the musubis. Yum! Try it and you won't be disappointed.
No doubt, this place is definitely poppin'.  I've gone to this place a few times now, and every single time, line is out the door.  Is it worth the wait?  Well that would a for sure "Yes!", but I guess you can be the judge of that.

This last trip to Vegas, I actually had it twice.  One time my friends went and brought the food back to the hotel room.  The other was a dine-in experience.  This review will be based on the dine-in experience considering those are the kinds that actually really matter.

As mentioned before, line was out the door.  They did get a star docked for not making the line move faster.  I was hungry, and just the smell of the food was making my tummy do a little grumble mumble.

Finally ordered and got the Loco Moco and Spam Masubi.  Girl like me loves my spam masubi.  Spam + Seaweed + Rice = YUM.  The Loco Moco was good too.  Two runny eggs, hamburger patty, and gravy, all over a bed of rice?  Can't really go wrong with that!  And who doesn't like using their egg yoke for sauce for their rice?  Or maybe that's just a filipino thing!  I also tried the soup off my friend's saimin.  The small order looks like a large, and could probably feed 2-3 people (at least, people who eat like me).  The broth was delicious, and I honestly would consider seeing if I can just order the broth next time!

Note to all first timers, Cash only!  Yeah, any place that doesn't accept card is a disadvantage, but the food is just too good to pass up.  Not to mention, the prices aren't too bad either!
I've been going to this place since the days of the first Street Fighter II and before they expanded the restaurant. 11:00am  misses the lunch rush. There is barely a line, but steady.

I pretty much still get the same order. You cannot go wrong with the teri chicken bowl, kim chi, and fruit punch. Their poke is fantastic and they give you a lot of it. The orders come to the table quick style. HIGH FIVE!!!

I always leave this place with the itus. Thank you Aloha Specialties for ALWAYS coming through.
This totally reminds me of being back home in Hawaii!  They even have fruit punch!  Prices are pretty cheap, and the servings are HUGE!!!  They have tons of local favorites.  They even have furikake...you just have to ask.  They give 1 free refill per drink order.  

my group has ordered the loco moco, spam eggs rice, garlic chicken with gravy, korean combo (chicken & beef), spam musubi, fruit punch...all DELISH!  The only thing that wasn't all that was the beef in the korean combo.  It was a little on the tough side.  the mac salad is so good!!!

This place is cash only.  Don't forget to tip the servers.  Be prepared to be surrounded by all local folks.  Highchairs are a little on the dirty side.  Take-out supplies are conveniently located near the tables for self-service.  =)  I always come here every time I'm in LV.
THAT WAS A GOOD FOOD DAD!!!
Yells my 4 year old boy

Little dude ate a grip
Right after he finished his food
Funniest shit ever
He yells out
MOM I GOTTA POO!!!
Ha
Crazy fucker

I crave this spot every time I'm in Vegas 
Always get the spam and eggs
And a small saimin
That's alot of food
But I always manage to get it all down
Even if my boy is yellin bout takin a shit

Food is great
But his mom lost her appetite 
She had to wipe his ass
The four stars is for the hamburger steak!  They make a homemade patty, and it rivals the best stuff you would find in Hawaii.  The rest of the menu can be hit or miss, but if you like Hamburger steak, like I do this is the spot!  Don't forget to order a side of kim chee, and one Large fruit punch!  Chee Hooooo!
The funniest thing...we left Hawaii to go to Vegas, but still found a way to eat local grinds. The food was simply delicious here! Better than a lot of places in Hawaii...hands down! 

*Korean Beef and Korean Chicken Combo ~ Bombtastic! Ask for side korean sauce. A little sweet, a little spicy, but a perfect complement to your meal. Kim chee and mac salad was onolicious!

*Ahi Poke ~ fresh, cold, tasty! Even comes with ogo, too! Loved it!

*Loco Moco ~ onos!

On our last day in Vegas, we hit up Aloha Specialties again. The line was crazy long (20 deep). I decided to google their phone number and made a take out order while standing in line. Our take out was done within 15 minutes. We got to enjoy our food while people were still waiting in line. 

*TIP* Order take out if the line is too long :)
Hawaiian food is always good here.  A lot of the locals come here.

They have a great menu and there is always something for someone.  Food was good like usual!

It is cash only so don't forget to bring your cash.
My wife and I were in Vegas for a few nights and staying at the Golden Nugget.  We love Aloha Specialties.  When we stay on the strip we make sure to make a trip downtown to eat here at least once during our trips.  

Well we were staying a block away this time and ate there twice in two days.  Both of us had the wonton men (saimin with wontons).  I have to say it's the closest thing to being in Hawaii.  The food is so ono.  I also had the poke which the tuna was cut into larger than normal chunks but still good flavor.

A must stop when in Vegas.  It's cheap and better than any of the 5 star restaurants.
I worked downstairs  at "The Market Street Cafe" during the graveyard shift. I was not aware of this place in the begining. As time went on, former islanders would talk about this place and that the food was great. So as a skeptic, I went on my day off. I was in for a surprise! Not only is the food great...but their portions are generous! I really recommend the Korean Beef and Korean chicken combo! I watch the servers pass with the bowls of saimin, yet my friends tell me that "it's the REGULAR" then I see a much larger bowl..."THATS the LARGE!" All in all, I recommend "Aloha Specialties"
Everytime I come to Vegas I stop by for the Poki. It's not as great as my dad makes it (he uses more Ogo and special stuff,  comes out more salty), but its pretty good, and at [now] $5.99 for what can be deceivingly feels like a lb, you'll only need this for a quick satisfying snack - or pair with a spam musubi and you're good.

Good for eat in, or to go, best way to grab food between the $2 tables at The Cal or the best Crap odds at Mainstreet!
This is the first place I ever tried Hawaiian food. It was summer 1997. I worked at Circus Circus. My friends kept talking about this restaurant until I finally got to try it for myself. There was always a long line. And for good reason.

Fast forward to 2011. Hawaiian food can be had pretty much everywhere in the valley. But I'll always have a special place in my stomach for Aloha Specialties. I'm not sure if it's the absolute best in town, but they get the nostalgia star bump.

Rest assured. I'm not reviewing based on memory from a decade ago. I went back to Aloha Specialties about a week ago. I scanned the menu board and quickly decided on the tripe stew. I do love me some tripe stew, or pretty much tripe anything.

I was supremely happy when it came out and lived up to expectations. It confirmed that Aloha Specialties still ranks up there with the best in town. The stew was solidly on par with my other favorite place, Ross J's Aloha Grill. It makes sense because people keep telling me there's some sort of connection there.

One thing that strangely impressed me was the mac salad. I've gotten to a point where I don't eat the mac salad at most Hawaiian places or I'll substitute it for more rice (something that Ohana Hawaiian BBQ offers). The mac salad at Aloha Specialties was actually quite good--just the right balance of mayo and other ingredients.

Great. Now I'm hungry.
I think this restaurant would do good in one of the older hotel casinos on the strip.  Unfortunately, its stuck in some POS hotel called California.  Ambiance is pretty dreadful here.  The service is like a fast food restaurant, order at the cashier and your food is brought to you. The loco moco is decent and a good portion.   The mac side salad is nasty - super heavy on the mayo and salt, gross!!  They run out of poke pretty early so come in early!.  I was pretty bummed they ran out around 6pm.
Oh damn. Talk about legit ono local kine grindz! My aunty insisted we go here when we met up in Vegas and boy, am I happy she did!

The selection here is winnaz and the food itself is good enough to compete with my favorite plate lunch places back home. Expect a line when you arrive though! Especially if the cashier is talking story with co-worker or a customer.

The smaller wonton min portion is HUGE and the mac salad is delicious. You will definitely eat well and leave with a nice food baby. 

Definitely coming here again next time I'm in vegas.
Scratchy throat and watery eyed from all the heavy and poorly ventilated cigarette smoke in this loose-slot/low buy-in casino is worth a stop here for some Ono grindz.

Our most recent visit left me with less to be desired. Surprised since I usually leave pretty pleased with my meal. Granted the prices have gone up a bit since my last stop but in honesty who's hasn't? As for the food this round, the Saimin wasn't that outstanding and was too heavily fishy and salty for my taste. The noodles were great but the musubi more than made up for it. And hey, my husband enjoyed his loco moco and I certainly can't hate a place that serves spam and rice.
Holy deliciousness!  

I don't even know the name of what I ordered, but it was stellar.  And cheap!  It had a piece of steak, a piece of chicken, a fish cake, and a hot dog. Yes, a hot dog, but the way it was cooked reminded me of the Asian way to cook pork.  It had that very red tinge to it.  It was salty and tasty!  The bed of rice it was all served on was sticky and satisfying.  Ask for the special korean sauce.  It is spicy and sweet.  Went well with everything on my plate.

While eating, I couldn't help but look around at everyone else's plates in the restaurant and want to try it all.  

Will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Found at California Hotel in Fremont, is a little taste of Hawaii. Our friends recommended this place to us and we turned down a chance to go with  for I don't remember what reason. Bad choice on our part. 

When we arrived, the line was practically out the door. We thought we'd have to wait an hour but the line went quickly. 

Soooo much food for a decent price. I ordered the Kalua Pork & Cabbage and shared a bowl of Poke. OMG they were both delicious. I was only able to finish half my plate. 

I was a tiny bit disappointed on the dessert choices available. I was hoping (and craving) to see Chantilly, Haupia (coconut) and Hawaiian Rainbow cakes. I'll overlook this minor problem go, other than that, I'll definitely be back again.
I'm surprised there aren't more reviews for this place!  I have been coming to Aloha Specialties since I was a kid.  My dad was born in Hawaii so we are always on the hunt for some good local food.  Aloha Specialties is one of the must eats when my family or bf comes to Vegas.  

I usually get the Garlic Chicken and Ahi Poke (when they have it).  The garlic chicken is a pretty hefty plate with three breaded and fried chicken thighs slathered with brown gravy.  I love anything with brown gravy and I like my dark meat.  Like I said, a heavy meal... take a nap after eating this.  The ahi poke is on the specials list and isn't always there.  If you see it you should get it!  Large hunks of fresh tuna and onion soaked in sesame oil and soy sauce goes great with a bowl of plain white rice.  Better than sushi!  It is always a bummer when they run out or don't have any poke.  My brother is a big fan of their Loco Moco.  Too much hamburger meat for me but he loves it.  I usually get a fruit punch to wash it all down and complete my local style lunch or dinner.

The hours are kinda limited for a Vegas eatery... they close at 9pm or 10pm.  Be safe and come for a yummy lunch.  If you are still on the prowl for some good local food in the wee hours after dancing your butt off at a club, I would head downstairs to the 24 hour Market Street Cafe for some dang good Oxtail soup.  The Cal has it all!  Lotsa good food for a great price.  If you have relatives from Hawaii like I do, you may run into them gambling the slots downstairs.  Say hi to Auntie for me!
When you're craving some local food Aloha Specialties has got it. It'll satisfy your cravings. 

Quick warning, they close 9p on weekdays and 10p on weekends. But they closed early on Christmas eve and didnt put a sign up. Sadface.
Service here could be better but since I really enjoy their food I can't complain much. I've tried pretty much everything, every time I visit my Aunty here in Vegas from Cali. I think it's so funny that people travel from Hawaii only to come and eat here on their vacay. The lines can get pretty long. And customers sometime sit down on a table without a number. I really like their saimin, bento plates and spare ribs. Sometimes the ahi poki can get a pit chewy. I can never go wrong with their spam musubi.
You can't go wrong with a true Hawaiian restaurant inside of the only hotel in Las Vegas that caters to the Hawaiian customer.  If anyone knows anything about Sam Boyd and his love for Hawaiian then you will appreciate and understand why this hotel would have some of the best local Hawaiian food in Las Vegas.

I have never been disappointed eating here, maybe the only thing that bothers me is they don't accept credit cards, CASH only.  It is located on the second floor of the California hotel and casino in downtown Las Vegas just a block from Fremont Street.  If you are in downtown and want some good Hawaiian food then please give this place a try and you won't be disappointed.

Some of my favorites include Spam Musubi, Kalua Pork, Saimin, Beef Teriyaki bowl, and the Mahi Mahi Sandwhich; along with daily specials you can'it go wrong.

Aloha.
This is the best place in town to get authentic Hawaiian food!! I have never been disappointed with the food and the service is great too. The ladies that work there want to be sure you're happy and comfortable. The kahlua pork & cabbage is by far my favorite dish. If I lived closer to the California Hotel, I'd probably eat here a lot more. I love it!
FREAKING YUM!!! There is usually a huge line, and for a good reason. The food is fantastic, and the prices unbelievable. The portions are ginormous. I have never left here hungry. It is one of those places that you have to unbutton your pants if you eat your whole plate without taking any home to-go. 

I usually order chicken chop steak. Every time it is super fresh! The bean sprouts nice and crisp along with the fresh celery. It tastes like good home cooking. A great portion of meat as well, they definitely don't skimp.  The rice is always spot-on and mac salad to die for! It's like there is some secret ingredient that makes me always want more even after I am stuffed! The bf got bento plate last visit. We have never ordered anything that we turned out NOT to like! Of course as a staple to our meal was the kimchi. MMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!! A small bowl that seemed to never end. It is delish above the rice as well. Pickled goodness! 

I almost feel like this place severely under-charges for the amount and quality of the food. I would gladly pay more. The staff is friendly as well and always helpful if you have any questions or prefer sriracha sauce instead of what is already on the table. The restaurant is always clean, even though they are so busy.
We always eat here where in Vegas the food is good and the price is excellent .we always order the aloha vento the best plate.
If you're from Hawaii and visiting Vegas, you will definitely LOVE this place!! Once I tried this place for the first time, I had to beg my boyfriend to keep coming back to eat. Definitely makes you feel at home. Their garlic chicken and fried saimin were delicious! The staff were also very friendly. Who knew you could eat such good local Hawaii food in another state?!
This place has to be an anomaly.  Big portions, cheap prices, casino location and NOT rancid???!? Whuuu??

I am a fan of ASR.  I love Hawaiian food and this place serves a lot of it.  During my last visit, I ordered the Aloha Bento that came with mahi mahi, korean chicken, teriyaki beef, like, 4 cups of rice, and fish cake.  I promptly had a heart attack due to the massive heaps of fried goodness.*  But, it was worth it.  

I also checked out some boiled peanuts, but, they were a little crunchy.  I like 'em soft, southern style.

I would give them four stars but I find the atmosphere a little lacking.  I like the relaxed, casual vibe but the usual crumbs on my table, and the pile of child seats on the floor, detracts from the experience.  Also, this place is CASH ONLY which makes me a little sad.

* Note:  Total lie.  Figurative heart attack.
One of the girls I went with on this latest Vegas trip said that her family goes here all the time when they go to Vegas, and that other Japanese American families and Hawaiian fams hit this place up too. Worth a shot!

Located upstairs at the California Hotel, it's this cute restaurant, filled with old school tropical themed wallpaper and decor. The service was really polite, and the food? BOMB.

You get alot of food for your money, always a great deal in Vegas, right? I got the Local plate with beef, chicken, this really good sauce, and two spam musubis for about 8 bucks. So filling, and amazingly flavorful. Nothing's too greasy, just ridiculously filling. My friend got the chicken bowl for just 4 dollars and came with about the same amount of food, so that could be even more worth it! But I personally want my spam musubi. Even got another to go! They have a very convenient station with all the to go boxes and foil for your musubi, I think it's a great idea!

Keep in mind it is CASH ONLY. But Luckily, the Casino is right downstairs :)
After spending three days partying our faces off on the strip we were mighty homesick on our last day in Vegas. I heard from my best travel buddy Yelp that there was Hawaiian food in the California Hotel, for anyone not from Hawaii, Vegas is the 9th island and the California is the capital.  I was hoping for a full Hawaiian plate, unfortunately they didn't have that special, but they did have POKE, and it was good! The food was yummy, the rice was cooked right (a must), and the portions were gigantic.  I really loved hearing everyone talking pidgin and wearing slippers, it made the last half of my trip and the freezing weather more bearable since I got a taste of home.
During a recent one night stay on Fremont St., the Hubs and I ventured into Aloha Specialties for a bite to eat last Saturday night.  Found the place on yelp (of course), and boy am I glad we did.  This was the first stop to five days worth of eating adventures in Vegas and it was an excellent start!

We shared the kahlua pork and cabbage plate and the aloha special.  Talk about an AMAZING feast.  We've had Hawaiian food a couple times, but nothing as tasty as this place.  We of course left so full it was hard to work (as other reviews note).  I found the kahlua pork to be tender and flavorful - I especially enjoyed when I got a perfect bite containing pork, cabbage, some rice and mac salad... YUM!  My Husband and I really loved the Korean chicken and we loved that is was pretty spicy, but also sweet.  The hot dog, which came on the aloha special was so unique and tasty, he practically inhaled it.

All in all, an excellent find.  If we're downtown again, which I know we will be, we will surely hit up the Aloha Specialties Restaurant- and you should too!
This place is doap. Sm Saimin is big enuf for this tall drink of water, and the aloha special (spam, sausage and more sausage, with two eggs and rice) is 6.50 and is pretty good. I mean, its hard to screw that up. But yeah basically, this little gem is tucked away above the diner that serves oxtail soup, so most miss it. But its nice. Not amazing but better than most.
I strolled in here because we were close by. First off, there was a Looooooooong line. We figured the food was good. We were really hungry so we stayed in line. It took forever to get to the front of the line. 

It also states that people should not sit until they have paid. Obviously, people do not follow this rule and the business does not enforce it. 

The topping to the cake was when I finally got to the front of the line and the cashier ignored me. Did not even bother to acknowledge me. A nice "I will be with you in a moment" would have been appreciated. Finally after refunding someone's money and ignoring me she finally took my order. As I gave her my CREDIT CARD she points to this TINY sign that read "CASH ONLY". I got sooooooooo pissed because it did not have this sign at the entrance.

Waste of my time! If you don't mind poor customer service, long lines, and people to tell you "only cash" once you've waited for a million years, then this is the place for you! Otherwise, go somewhere else. I highly encourage people to go elsewhere!
This place is alright! Nothing to call home about, really! The location couldnt be better as every hawaii family knows when they stay at the Cal you can eat Hawaiian food just as you just left Hawaii and have all the same choices you would have in hawaii! Its hawaii food all over again!
I came here expecting this is a 4-yelp star restaurant and I can tell you this is an overrated restaurant.

This place is a mom-and-pop and hole-in-the-wall restaurant in California Hotel. I know a lots of Japanese live in Hawaii but  a place selling Teriyaki should not be named Aloha Specialties and should not be categorized as a Hawaiian cuisine.  I ordered Teriyaki Combo Plate. It comes with three types of meat: beef, chicken, and pork on a big plate of white rice and macaroni salad.

First of all, teriyaki sauce used here is a very generic teriyaki sauce you can find in a grocery. I think Yoshida's Teriyaki sauce from Costco is more fancy than the teriyaki sauce use in this restaurant.

Beef Teriyaki was a thin slide of a cheap steak and it was tough. I spent more time on cutting it and chewing it than enjoying it. Chicken Teriyaki was odd. It definitely has a big slice of chicken breast but it had small pieces and breaded together. The breaded cover was loose and thick. Pork piece was actually descent. It had a big chunk of fat with it. It's bad for the health but it was delicious. 

Definitely this place is overrated and someone has to bring down the score to where it belongs to. This restaurant serves in large amount of food but in less quality. Also they are cash only.
Saimin was flavorless. Korean chicken was pretty good. So were the musubis.  Good service. But try hawaiian hale. It's better.
Over hyped, food doesn't have that much taste, but it is a long wait!
After having a horrible meal in the Market Street Cafe, we left the food on the table and went to Aloha Specialties to get some better food.  I had the sweet and sour ribs.  Their mac salad was good.  Way better than Market Street.  The sauce didn't have that much sour to it.  It was mostly sweet.  The ribs were pressure cooked tender,so that was good.  I would probably only give this 3 stars, but after a 0 star meal downstairs, I think anything would be a four star meal.
Taste jus like hm but far frm hm... I love it! cheap and gives a lot of food! gotta love it
Been coming here since I was a kid and the food has gone down a little in taste but I still love this place for the nostalgia.  I highly recommend the saimin (don't forget to get the hot mustard) and any of the teriyaki plates.  

Of an important note, this place only takes cash and the lines can be long and seats are sometimes limited.  However, if you're looking for some good Hawaiian comfort food, you gotta come here.
After reading an article about the California Hotel in a local Vegas paper, I was curious to check it out.  I never knew this was the go to hotel for people from Hawaii. I was even more curious to check out the Hawaiian food.  

The restaurant is located on the second floor.  It is not a fancy restaurant.  You stand in line, place your order and they give you a number and they bring your food to you.  The prices are cheap considering that it is getting harder to find a good bargin meal in Vegas.  

Once again, my eyes were bigger than my stomach, which means I order a bunch of things to try, knowing that I couldn't eat everything.  I had the kahlua pork combo that came with rice, macaroni salad.  I also ordered the saimin soup and nibbled on my mister's aloha bento that that came with fish, teriyaki chicken, bbq short ribs, and portugese sausage.  For dessert we had haupia.  

My kahlua pork was tasty, maybe even better than King's, but the rest of the stuff was just all right.  The haupia was just coconut flavored agar-agar, kinda like jello.  Nothing special.  

Overall, it was good to try, but it's nothing that I would be dying to try again.  I would rather stick to King's Hawaiian in Torrance.
If you like local Hawaiian food, this is the place to go. Comfort food for islanders and islanders-at-heart.
it's alright. decent price, no wait. and service is fast. 

i only had a spam musubi for $2. it helped ease my growling stomach. I had a few bites of the kalua pork -- it was okay.. i wish the cabbage and the pork were more shredded. And it was too watery. I like it a bit more dry. The rice that came with was not hot and was not soft either. It tasted like day old rice. -- no bueno.

on another note this place definitely satisfies your hungry stomach.
I had lunch today at this joint with family... My sis-in law, big fan of this place and makes it a point to stop here when she is in town...  The place is not very big at all but the line was out the door...  I ordered the mixed plate.. I thought it was ok,,, it included a beef, chicken and some fish... The beef though in sauce did not have much taste,,, the chicken was good, i liked it.. tender and moist, it was de-boned thigh,, the fish was ehh,,, rather had extra chicken.. The portion was large, too large for me to finish...  I will try the Mami or Udon noodles next time....  I hesitantly recommend this place... I would eat here again but i wont make a special trip....  Hope this helps
Sooooo good. Everytime I come to Vegas I have to stop by Hotel Cali at least once. 

Hits the spot everytime. Good ol hawaiian food, very homestyle. love it.
White meat chicken eaters..stay away! Lol...I'm a dark meat lover...so this spot is definitely for me since all their chicken dishes are made with chicken thighs.  My all time favorite dish here is the Korean chicken..which is similar to bbq chicken but it has a spicy kick.  The prices are very cheap, around $7 for a very large plate of food.  The only dish that seemed to be a little lackluster was the loco moco.  It looked good, but the flavor didn't quite match the look of the dish.  I don't know if I'd venture all the way to Fremont just to eat here, but this place is 2nd on my list of favorite Hawaiian restaurants after Island Flavor.
Wait i can't believe i didn't write a review for this place since i always eat here everytime i visit Vegas. Good Hawaiian local flavor food here although i will admit ever since they remodeled way back when when they connected the bridge from California Hotel and Main Street Hotel the food quality went down a bit it but still enjoy it. My favorite is the breakfast eggs,rice and Portuguese sausage then the saimin and spam musubi and then the bento box. This place can get really packed around the lunch and dinner time sometimes the line goes out the door best bet is to go off normal lunch and dinner hours regular or Hawaiian time lol.
This is my most favorite Hawaiian restaurant. This is located inside the california hotel second floor. If you are a fond of hawaiian food, this is a must try. The meats are all fresh everything is very good! I would suggest ordering the Teriyaki Plate, very good along with their Mac salad. It is a bit pricey but well worth it, portions are pretty big as well. Try now! you will not be disappointed.
WHOA!  The familiar sound of Las Vegas is here!  CLINK CLINK CLINK!  A bunch of quarters hitting the bottom of the Slot Machines!!!!  

Now back to the review, we waited in a long line and it took a while for us to get our food because of how busy they were.  No worries, patience for this sought out Hawaiian food.  So I got the loco moco and I must say that I think I liked it more because I was starving.  I now think about it and can say that is was just alright, flavors were there but nothing spectacular.  I've definitely had better.  I guess it's just one of those spots you gotta try at least once and then make your decision to try all the other restaurants in Las Vegas before coming back.  

Smell you later.
Hidden gem, in what could be considered a very sketchy area for good food - felt like I was eating in Maui with the locals.
I had high expectations after reading some reviews, but this place didn't live up to the hype. I had the chicken dinner. It was a lot of food, but the quality was horrible. My chicken was 50% skin and fat. If you are looking for a moderately healthy or don't-want-to-give-yourself-an-immediate-heart-attack-dinner go elsewhere. I think the deep fried oreo down the street is better for you.
Love the Kahlua Pig and Loco Moco. They have the best Hawaiian food around.  Haven't been to many better places on the mainland. I always make sure to stop by Aloha Specialties when i'm in vegas.
If you are on a low-carb diet you can order the saiman without noodles and with veggies instead. I think I was charged around ~$4. They gave me bean sprouts and napa. Also still had the roast pork with it. Still a decent serving size and was pretty filling.
I always make sure a trip to Vegas includes going downtown so I could walk down memory lane and eat some Hawaiian comfort food.  Aloha Specialties is no fine dining, but I always come back.  I've had the occasional loco moco and poki, but I always order the won ton saimin with veggies.  Having a little container of hot yellow mustard reminds me of childhood eating.  Note to self-get a small.  I ordered a large and had way too many noodles. Oh-traveling tip for you.  Go to Aloha Specialties right before you head to the airport to go home.  Get yourself a few Spam musabi to snack on while you wait at the airport.
A Hawaiian friend who frequents Las Vegas recommended Aloha Specialties to me as the best place to get Hawaiian food.  So, I dutifully wandered in for dinner one night on my last Vegas vacation.

My wife ordered the Loco Moco, while I got one of the mixed plates.  When our dishes was served, I couldn't believe how much food was on the plate and for the prices we paid!  We stuffed ourselves full, but couldn't finish off everything.

The Loco Moco was very tasty, according to my wife.  And my plate, with the beef teriyaki, spam musubi and grilled fish, was wonderful.  My favorite was the fish, though the spam and beef were good, too.  

For Vegas, the prices were very reasonable, especially since there was so much food.  If you come here, bring cash (no credit cards accepted) and a healthy appetite!
I love this place!!!
Hungover from the night before and wanting to explore the Old Fremont Experience for the nth time, I had the strongest craving for a Loco Moco.  And thankfully, I found this gem.  It's located in the California Hotel & Casino 2nd Floor. It looks like an old-school Hawaiian diner. They have noodles, teriyaki chicken and of course, Loco Moco.  

It completely satisfied my craving, I even asked for an extra cup of gravy to douse my rice in.  I'm surprised I didn't gain any weight from this most recent Vegas trip.  But I have Aloha Specialties Restaurant to thank for my cured hangover.
Alright so this place is like food to my soul. We always end up coming here when we go to vegas. After loosing all my money getting a beef bowl for less than 5 bucks is amazing. It feels like your in hawaii for a brief moment. If you want solid hawaiian food for a good price, this is a great spot.
Aloooha!

Alright back to writing reviews from our roadtrip.  I think all the reviews hit the mark with this restaurant...esp if you're a local from the HI....it's no Zippy's but when in Vegas, will take it.

Staying in the California Hotel aka the 9th island, it was great having a place like this to go to especially if you've been on the mainland for quite some time. Got myself a spam musubi and the aloha bento special...definitely not a place to go to if you're on a diet...was laden with fat, sodium and grease like any good ole spam can and made with aloha.

Just remember, this place is technically separate and independent functioning from the hotel so CASH ONLY...no DEBIT, no CREDIT, and you can't charge to your room..it was also super hard finding an ATM around the hotel and the only one I could find is the one downstairs between the main lobby and the entrance to the casinos.
HUGE portions! And, it's cheap. If you're craving Hawaiian food in Vegas this is the place to go. Everything is cooked to serve and it tastes a lot more homey or should I say "authentic?" compared to L&L and/or ONO.
This place gives either huge or a lot of food. So worth the bucks and the wait in line. What most people say, "where the cops are, you know its good food". Well, surely this place is where they go. My bf introduced me to this place and said it's the only place he knows of NOW that serves  teriyaki chicken with the skin on it. The fat on the skin is what makes teriyaki chicken sooo good. I'm not usually a musubi fan, so we ordered one  to share. Turned out I ended up eating 3/4ths of it and my bf wasn't too happy that I ate all of his masubi. 

Can't wait to come back to Vegas for more teriyaki chicken and musubi's!!
Great place for hungover the next day.  

They have the best saimon, and loco moco.  When the Cafe downstairs is to busy come up stairs and eat here for the same price.  Portions are a little larger, and food is fresh.  It's very similar to leki-leki drive in on Oahu, or Big Island Grill on Hawaii.  Prices are also around $8-$10 entree's so its very well priced and excellent service.
More like 2.5 stars. You don't necessarily go to Vegas to get your fix of japanese/hawaiian fare especially coming from LA. But here we ended up because we were in the area and needed a break from the other grub on the Strip.

Located in the California Hotel and Casino, this is a usual stomping ground for those wanting chicken/beef teriyaki, rice, spam musubi, saimin, or hawaiian mac salad.
If you've never had any of these, well, this place might not be a good place to get your first impression. Everything was way overdone except maybe the saimin. 

Service is friendly though and prices aren't bad. Bummed.
This place is the main reason why my friends and I initially frequented California hotel & casino.  They have some great Hawaiian food at an affordable price.  This place tends to get packed but it's worth waiting.  Luckily, this time around, we made our way here a little after the lunch crowd had already left.

Got their Aloha plate ($10.99) which includes chicken teriyaki, beef teriyaki, 2 spam musubis and macaroni salad.  I forgot that this doesn't include rice because it comes with 2 spam musubis so I went back to order some rice ($1.25).  This proved to be pointless because I only took 4 bites of rice and also had 1 spam musubi left over.  The beef teriyaki can be a hit or miss sometimes.  Unfortunately, the beef was somewhat tough this time around.  The chicken teriyaki was great though.  I also like their mac salad because it doesn't seem too heavy.

Once you order your food, they give you a number to put on your table.  They bring over your order and you're on your own after that.  There is a table near the entrance with cups and water dispensers with ice, as well as to-go boxes.  Oh and make sure you've got cash because this place is CASH ONLY.  This is the only reason why this place isn't 5 stars for me.
I've been coming to this restaurant since I was a little kid and nothing has changed. The food is still delicious, and the food gets to your table fast. My favorite dish is the teriyaki chicken plate/bowl and it is so yummy!
Went here with some out of town friends. I absolutely LOVE hawaiian food. If you haven't been here, it's in the California hotel and casino. It seems like a little hole in the wall Hawaiian joint, but it's pretty affordable and the food looks amazing. Prices range from about $5-$10, depending on what you order. I was told it can get pretty busy but we were there before the lunch hour. I really wanted to try the Loco Moco, but since I've had that at a number of places I decided to try the Mahi Mahi sandwich. It wasn't bad, but could've used more flavor. My friends ordered the Korean chicken, which was pretty delicious, as well as their Spam Musubi. Their plates are big, so come hungry! Definitely would love to come back here and try it again!
Great Hawaiian food!  The portions are decent and the prices are fair.  The only drawback is the restaurant does not accept credit cards.
So much to pick from in VEGAS.  Had a buddy who's a Vegas nubbin..so decided to go to DT.  Got a bit late, and hungry..figured we try this place out.  Kinda cool to get stuff we can get back in Hawaii. But that's about it.
Spam, eggs, and rice was delish! It's a nice little whole in the wall with friendly staff. If you're in downtown Las Vegas, its a place you should visit
If you're ever downtown and looking for some place that offers authentic local food, you've got to try this place. 

A friend and I decided to go here for lunch as he's never tried Hawaiian Local food.  Yes, that's what I said (he's from Wisconsin, so don't blame him LOL). I've been here many times and love the food.  Today I got the Korean chicken.  This plate was $7.95 (which is pretty much a steal) and came with (4) chicken thighs, white rice and mac salad.  A LOT of food.  The Korean sauce was sweet and savory at the same time.  It was a nice tangy flavor and had small pieces of green onions in it.  The chicken was nicely grilled.  The only feedback I would give was that I would prefer a more crispier skin.  When the skin is too soft, it creates a very mushy texture and sometimes a turn off for me.  The mac salad was served in a small cup (we got our food to go), but had a lot of mayonaise and a little salty for my taste.  I also got the spam musubi for $2.00.  The seaweed was a little softer than expected and the rice was mushier than what I'm used to, however, the spam was nicer fried and came with a light teriyaki sauce. 

With the ambiance, the place is on the smaller side, but offers a lot of seating inside and outside in the hallway to Main Street.  The table cloths are a little outdated, but it's cool.  I love local Hawaiian food and love the 'once in a while' local craving fix.  If you're ever downtown and want to try local food, please come and check this place out.  They have everything you're looking for (except chicken katsu).
Hubby is from Hawaii and was pleasantly surprised by the home-iness of the cooking here. Would definitely go back and the price can't be beat. Bring cash.
Last review from my Vegas trip.

Went here for our last dinner in Vegas before hitting up Marquee.

This restaurant is far off the strip. Heading over here we did pass by the "Pawnstars" shop & the wedding chapel that they used for "The Hangover." Pretty cool! Also the self-proclaimed "World's Biggest Souvenir Shop." Place was HUUUUGE! So I wouldn't doubt the name at all.

Walking into the hotel this restaurant was located in was AWKWARD. Apparently that hotel attracts the OLDER crowd. I didn't see anyone our age at all. What made it eve more AWKWARD was that we were dressed in clubbing clothes so all the older people were staring at us like we were hookers or something. lol. Walking into the restaurant got us lots of stares since we were severely over-dressed & looked out of place. Besides that, here goes my experience.

I ordered the chicken teriyaki, musubi combo. It comes with 2 MUSUBI'S! Yummy! The macaroni salad was sooooo good! The chicken teriyaki, WOW. They were not stingy when it came to portions. I ate as much as I could since we were going to be drinking alot that night & it still looked like I didn't even put a dent into it.

The prices are unbelievably low. I guess going off the strip makes things a little cheaper.

I would go here again, just sayin'
OMG, tasty Hawaiian  local food with portions fit for a family! Tasty chicken teriyaki, sis had the large won ton saimin (fed our entire party of 7), bro had the Local plate lunch of two types of Teri, rice, mac salad, pickles, other sis has the Kalua pig/ came mixed in cabbage (ok), other sis has the spam musubi, she liked!  We rolled outta there and hit the black jack tables to burn off them calories.....oh, and there's a Lappart's Hawaiian ice cream shop next door for awesome ice cream ----dang it, off to the gym to burn off those 1000 lushious calories!
Bomb! Went walking to this place with my friends from LA. I insisted on making them try it since I saw the high yelp reviews. We finally find it after walking around downtown lost, hungover, and hungry. 
It was all worth it thou. Very casual setting in a beat up old casino. Out ordered garlic chicken covered in gravy. BEST!!! Hawaiian gravy I have ever had. The staff was very nice, and the food came out fast. 
Its always a good sign when you walk in and the place is full of Hawaiian customers.
I just wish they had chicken katsu. :( Overall,  a diamond in the rough of downtown las vegas
Please get some cash before you are stand in the long line. This is a cash only establishment. I was upset because after waiting in line I find out they didn't have any Kalbi. I settled on Teriyaki beef I thought it was good . The macaroni was also tasty but I thought overall the food was average. I would have rather ate at Rice Trax if I knew the food wasn't going to be great.
Best Hawaiian in town! Inexpensive too!
Literally EVERY time my family is near Las Vegas we make every effort possible to stop by Aloha Specialties Restaurant.

My grandpa introduced my dad to Aloha Specialties when it was still located on the other side of the Cal Hotel. Some may think Aloha Specialties is a small location now, well from what I have heard their current location is a huge upgrade.

Aloha Specialties is located on the second floor of the Cal Hotel, right across from a snack shop and a chocolate shop. They have a small location with a decent amount of seats. However, their prices and food seem to draw a crowd so big that seating can get scarce. For the most part their lines literally go out the door. Worry not, the line tends to go quick and the food doesn't come that much later. You order upfront, pay and take your number to your table.

I have tried numerous things at Aloha Specialties and have a few recommendations.
I would definitely recommend the Combination Plate with pork, chicken and beef. It's only a dollar or so more than the bowl and its big enough to share with others. The plate comes with rice and a side of macaroni salad. All meats on this plate are flatten out and covered in teriyaki sauce. I enjoy every meat on this plate because they are all juicy and tender. 
I also recommend a bowl of Saimin, don't ask what's in it, just try it! 
Lastly, I recommend there Aloha Breakfast which comes with portuguese sausage, spam, eggs, rice and Hawaiian bread. Their portuguese sausage was pretty good, the spam wasn't bad but honestly you can't really go wrong with it, eggs are eggs, rice is rice, and the Hawaiian bread was yummy. 

Cheesy
Aloha Specialties is probably up there when it comes to a typical themed hawaiian restaurants. They have cheesy decor and random table cloths.

Overall
This restaurant isn't literally a 4 star restaurant. However, it's a 4 star overall. You get good ethnic food for a more than reasonable price.

Tip
Cash only . . . ATM located in the lobby
After craving for some Hawaii type food, this place did It's justice. Order the local plate and the hamburger steak which both was pretty good. Very friendly service.
Large won ton saimen $8. Huge portions and good price.  Had other dishes. All good.
My family ALWAYS comes to this restaurant... There's a reason why it's crowded!! The line was out the door and the wait about an hour long. I got the 2 eggs with rice and Portuguese sausage (so good, my mom was surprised with the amount of food I ate... And they aren't stingy with their food!!). The spam was extremely salty (this is from a girl who LOVES her salt) but my mom seemed to like it :) the rest of my family got Siamin noodles (sp?) keep in mind that the large is HUGE. I have no idea how my brother ate that... The macaroni salad is a must in Hawaiian cuisine and the kimchi tasted like kimchi (which was to be expected). My only issue is with the seating. It would be so much more organized if they had someone seating people! However I can't really complain as we were able to find a seat pretty easily (which was EXTREMELY surprising given the amount of people there!)
Delicious comfort food at a really great price. We ordered spam musubi, simian, and Korean chicken. The bill totaled just over $15. Nothing was "slap your mama good", but nothing was bad.  At $2 for one piece I would skip the spam musubi next time. Besides, the other dishes were pretty big portions.  I most enjoyed the Korean chicken, which came with rice and macaroni salad. Chicken had lots of fat. Not healthy, but a satisfying meal. We will be back, but not too often.
Everytime we get into vegas we go here first to get our fill of hawaiian food.  The loco moco plate is what my boys like, I like the korean chicken, fried saimen, and the teriyaki beef.  The wonton saimen is good with extra vegetables.  The place is a place taht will satify my cravings.  We may go back during our trip because we just love it here.
Simple, cheap, and tasty.

If you are going to visit this restaurant, you will probably want to beat the lunch crowd rush as the line goes outside the door.  I usually go around 11:30 or so where you can just walk up to the register and order.  The food is very typical of a hawaiian plate lunch, but it makes its teriyaki chicken like a katsu instead of just simply BBQing it.  All in all, it is very good, very cheap, and very Hawaiian.
A little tough to find as its located on the second floor of the casino, but well worth the search. It was kinda fun to tell you the truth.

Bring cash, and the best part is, you don't even need that much of it. The food menu is simple and to the point. Portions are just right and taste great. If you want a good snack to start with, get the Kim Chi. The rest is up to you. We had a group of 8 so we each had a good taste of each other's dishes and there was no bad here. Very ethnic, so be ready for that, but well prepared and enjoyable.
They have big portions! I ordered a beef chop steak and my eyes widened when I saw the serving size. Luckily for me, I had a small breakfast and a late lunch so I ate a lot. But I still needed a takeaway box. I gave 3 stars because I did not like the macaroni salad and they only accept cash.
Even though we have lived in LV since 2009, I had heard a  lot of good reviews about this eatery and was able to convince my parents to give this place a try yesterday. As you exit the elevator or take the escalator up to the mezzanine level, look to your right and you'll see their signage. The place is a little on the small side but definitely doing a brisk business for a Tuesday lunch. There is no waiter service. Once you enter, find an open table, then review the menu on the wall as you wait in line for the cashier to take your order.  Btw...they don't take credit or debit cards so be sure to have CASH. You're then given a number to place on your table and within a short period of time, a bus person will bring the food you ordered out to you. My parents enjoyed what they ordered while I munched on my teriyaki combo plate. It was ok but they give you way too much rice. The rice wasn't that sticky since I didn't gave any stuck to the front of my shirt when I had finished ;-) I've had just as good a meal, if not better at L&L Hawaiian BBQ up in Sparks, NV. Darn, I forgot to check if they had any lumpia on their menu. The pricing is very reasonable but the next time I'll request more macaroni salad and much less rice. We heard a lot of pidgin english being spoken. In my mind, the customers brought out more of the Aloha spirit than the food did. The employees, as far as I could tell, did not smile...just going through the motions of doing their tasks. I'll return at a later date to try something else on their menu.
I brought my parents again to the California because my dad was itchin' to play the quarter poker bandits. Stopped off at Aloha Specialties and ordered the teriyaki ribeye but requested mac salad only...no rice. The meal was so-so...no lumpia on the menu but at least some of the employees cracked a smile today. The place was busy for lunch though. That's enough hawaiian for awhile.
Been coming here for years and the place never disappoints.  Whether you want breakfast, lunch or dinner the food is consistently good.  I recommend the Loco Moco, Garlic Chicken, Saimin, Spam Musubi, BBQ Plates and you pretty much can't go wrong with whatever you order.  Reasonable prices, portions are good too, so you shouldn't leave hungry.
Please let me rate this 6 stars.  Everything I've tried here is superb.  Most recently, I tried the BBQ chicken and kalua.  I NEVER order BBQ chicken at hawaiian restaurants, but did so based on a recommendation.  I was NOT disappointed.  DELICIOUS!!!  I can't put into words how much I love this place.  Put it this way: we took a cab to downtown the last two trips just to eat here.
Great Hawaiian eats place located on the 2nd floor mezzanine area of the California Hotel downtown. I love getting the large Saimin, an order of poke, and a slice of Haupia. Yes, I do eat it all. They also have great plate lunches, or dinners depending whateva time you come to eat da local grindz.
Best Loco Moco I have ever had. A real authentic hawaiian place
Great food.  Cash only.  Bring your appetite!
My fianc and I always make a stop here prior to the long drive back to Los Angeles. My favorite is the mixed plate (fish, chicken, and beef); it's never a let down. Only down side is that they are a cash only restaurant.
This place offers amazing and affordable food! They are located on the second floor of the the California hotel/casino...

The food is really fresh and authentic! They have anything from soups to rice bowls... we ordered the Wonton Saimin, which has eggs, char sui pork and veggies with ramen noodles. Their spam masubi's a great appetizers and their garlic chicken is a must! If you are in downtown Las Vegas and are looking for a quick, cheap and delicious meal, I would definitely check this place out! You walk up and order at the counter and the seats are first come first serve.
I'm from Hawaii and I live in Vegas now, this place is too good.  It's hard to find a great Hawaiian place to eat, with traditional Hawaiian meals.  But this place is hands-down the best Hawaiian food available in Vegas.  

It's located on the 2nd floor of the California Hotel and Casino.  Their menu has a wide variety of traditional Hawaiian meals.  If you're not too familiar with Hawaiian meals, typically its a fusion of a lot of different Asian cultures.  

I've been here too many times to count.  But I know I probably had just about everything on their menu.  From the local plates, to their curry, to their sandwiches and Saimin.  Everything I've ever ordered from this place always reminds me of the Islands.  

Price is perfect and the portions are huge! I usually can't finish my meal cause it's too big.
I didn't REALLY want to go, but I'm a convert on the 1st try!

F'ing AWESOME food. 

Kalua Pig and Cabbage...delicious! Side Macaroni salad - MMGOOD!

Spam and Egg Sandwich - Canned sodium goodness!

Chicken Tofu Siamen - Tofu sooo soft and tasty! The broth was good (a bit too salty).

Quick service, excellent food and great prices!
pretty delicious hawaiian favorties. probably the best Hawaiian in Vegas

Korean chicken and wonton saimin are bomb! and mahi mahi. Nice big portions. Always one of my favorite spots Downtown.  food always tastes fresh unlike most hawaiian chain restaurants. i love that the California Hotel caters to its Hawaiian cuzins =]
This is not as good as Hawaii, but pretty damn close. I ate here twice when I was in Vegas for two days. The Loco Moco, the Spam Musubi, and the Hawaiian Bento are yummy. I got my Hawaiian fix, loved it! They have Hawaiian Sun juice, too!
BEST HAWAIIAN FOOD in Las Vegas!! 

I first came here 5 years ago when I turned 21.. & has become my favorite Vegas food spot. I average one Vegas trip a month and always find my way here at least once every trip. They have lots of variety on their menu & I don't think i've ever tasted a bad entree. 

I usually order one of the meat combos because they load up your plate pretty well. I like the Bento Plate for about $8-$9 which includes: BBQ Beef, Korean Chicken, Mahi-Mahi, with Furakake Rice.. each respectively tasting amazing. The Loco Moco is also a good goto dish which never fails in satisfying a craving, and curing a hangover from a long night of partying. 

Awesome food, big portions, good atmosphere, & a whole lot of Aloha!
Better than a 3, not quite a 4. 

The place is packed with large Island people mowing on large plates of delicious looking food. How does one NOT eat here?!

Enjoyed chicken, beef, fish combo plate. YUM! Stuffed. 

Unless you're a sumo wrestler, share a plate. If you're still hungry get another plate. These are HUGE PORTIONS!
The only reason why I'm giving Aloha Specialty a 1 star is because of one waitress that waited on us on April 6 right before closing.  Don't get me wrong, the food is AWESOME, but the lack of service this one waitress didn't give us did not sit well for a party of 6.  Especially when we have 3 first timers that drove 10 hours to get some great tasting food.  I too am in the service industry, but the way this waitress acted was totally unacceptable and if she worked for me, I would TERMINATE her for her lack of customer service skills.  I didn't get her name, but she had long hair and looked Hawaiian.  To management, she's detrimental to your business.
This place is cash only folks!

I ordered the Korean chicken and a small siamin soup with wonton. The line was long, but moved quick. I was hoping to get the Korean chicken and Korean barbeque special, but it was not offered. The lady at the cash register recommended that I call ahead for the specials, as that one had not  been offered in a very long time. The food was pretty good for the price. I would return, especially given the fact that Leopalds Ice Cream is just across the way. The only other time I get to enjoy macademia nut ice cream is at the Hilton Hawaii Village location in Honolulu.
We always come here assoon as we get into Vegas.  This time it was a disappointment for me the Korean chicken was good but it seem kind of small.  The fried saimen did not have the Chinese cabbage they had a lot of celery instead.  The saimen soup was over done and not al dente and it was just not Meeting my craving.  I was kind of sad... I think it was the cook for this day and time. I'll be back but just not happy this trip.
Okay so I'm biased because I used to live in Hawaii, but coming here felt like HOME!  EVERYONE in the place was speaking pigeon, including the customers.  

We got the Aloha Bento, saimin and spam musubi.  Lots of volume, lots of meat smothered in teriyaki...doesn't get betta than dat!  All for less than $20.

They got loco moco, kalua pork, spam & eggs, etc.. you name it!

Come here for a local feel, local food and a chill out time.
This place has great food and the prices are cheap with large portions! If you love Hawaiian food then this is the place to go. I've brought plenty of visitors here and they all love it just as much as me. I usually get a teriyaki bowl, saimin, spam musubi when I come here

The only downsides are that it's CASH ONLY and there aren't too many tables which makes it tough to sit when it gets packed and it does get pretty crowded in there, especially during the lunch hours
Good Hawaiian style food. Had the korean chicken w/ Mac salad taste pretty good.
Fast service, very tasty food. Aloha breakfast with the Hawaiian sweet bread is so good! The eggs for the loco moco over medium is done very well. Good place to stop when craving local food!
It's had to been at least 3 years since my last visit here and my opinion of this place has not changed one bit.  The menu is basically the same and the prices are still as good as it gets.  Comfort food at its finest when you're in DTLV.  

Aloha's is located in the California Hotel & Casino (2nd level). What to expect...perfect late night dinner, ginormous portions, and great prices.  You can get most HI dishes here and the menu is simple.  My suggestion...get their Teri anything.  One of the guys in our group was excited because Kalua Pig was on the menu.  Once we got in line, bam! Kalua Pig is all out.  Aloha's must have noticed his disappointment. They immediately took the sign down and it was back on the menu.  Yes! Juice! Elite!  Tag Team...back again!  Juice was happy he got his dish and that made the rest of us as happy as can be.  

As for me, my favorite is their Loco Moco, but opted for their Local Plate on my most recent visit.  This consisted of their Teri Beef, BBQ Chicken, Two Spam Masubi's, and Mac Salad.  Again, portions are huge but that really didn't stop me from deMELishing this.  Yeah..new word folks. That means no meal is safe around me.  My only issue, where's the rice?  I ended up stealing a few forkfuls of rice from the girlfriend.  Hah...problem solved. She didn't even notice because I got catlike ninja skills. But I did notice that she stole some of my mac salad. Yeah..I noticed. Remember, only a ninja can stop a ninja.  

PS:  If you can't wait for Market Street Cafe's infamous Oxtail Soup that is served later at night, then head up the escalators and find your way here at Aloha Specialties.  

Local Plate:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=BUbGhTrZ5PD50vtwAXx-1g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Local Fork:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=SQXD5PWyjaAl8LqNSV1yZQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
I stay at The Cal twice a year and eat here at least twice during our stay. Great food and pretty reasonable. Long lines but worth the wait. Make sure you have cash on you. This restaurant is cash only!!  Shouldn't be a problem unless you lost your butt in the casino lol. I always run into people here, most of them happen to be staying at another hotel, but come here just to eat. Must be that good, right?
I have been going here for at least 15 years, I have seen it grow and expand. By far the best Hawaiian food in town. Others don't come close to the taste and portions that you get here plus the prices are great. I recommend anyone downtown looking for a great place to eat stop in and grab a plate!
This place is DISGUSTING. I have no idea how it gets a 4 star. We picked this place because of the reviews and how close it was to Freemont where we were seeing a show. My party ordered the Teri Beef Sandwhich, Aloha Buntie and the Sweet & Sour ribs. All the meat was fatty and not of good quality. Yes, I agree it is cheap and you do seem to get enough food, but it was awful. The reviews mentioned the Teriyaki which to me was very sweet and tasted like it came out of can. Seriously people this is what you have resorted to as good food. GROSS. I will never eat here again or recommend to anyone. There are SO many other good places to eat in Vegas do not waste your time. Also, what restaurant doesn't take credit cards. Its the 21st century get with the program, its called running a business. Idiots!!!!
Tripe stew is delicious.
Don't understand the good reviews......we trusted them and was totally disappointed.  Such bland food; We ordered the local plate and the teri plate - bummed there was no rice on the local plate, dikon was dried out, the beef was chewy and tough, chicken was just edible.  Only complaint on the teri plate was again, the lack of flavor.  The Saimin was a disappointment as well, the char su pork was tough and chewy, and tasted like pork soaked in water.  I didn't eat much more than a dozen bites...just kinda gross.  

As we got up to leave I noticed the couple that had been in line before us left their plates practically full on their table too.....food left on plates is not a good sign.

Go back to search now....
Every time I'm in downtown, I come to this place for some loco moco. U can order it during any time of the day. Super good, but not super good for u. If ur in the mood for some authentic Hawaiian good while in Vegas, this is the place to stop. Has a very mom and pop type of feel. It's located just up the escalator on the second floor of the California club.
This place, not unlike the California itself, is Hawaiian mecca.  Our neighbor who lived there goes there for her Korean chicken fix.  My brother comes here at least once on every visit for saimin and spam musubi.  The stuff we were raised on, the stuff of legends.  Not to mention the food of champions.  We can outwatch TV and switch channels faster than anybody.  

I don't think I've had anything other than the saimin since a good bowl outside the Islands is so hard to find.  Great al dente noodles, tasty bits of egg, green onion, kamaboko and char shiu.  Broth not as good as Shiro's but what broth is?  Get it with veggies and, if you're hungry, with won ton.  The large size will feed two people!  

And don't forget about the tasty shortbread cookies they sell at the counter.  Cookies baked in Hawaii taste like no other.
Always yummy. Mix plate is tasty. Staff is great.
Everything is just ok here, nothing to rave about.

I tried the chicken teri, korean chicken, mac salad...it was all just ehh

CASH ONLY
Always make it a point to stop here when we are in Vegas. I don't think I have ever had anything on the menu other than the large saimin with wontons and spam musubi. And I usually end up realizing that I could've gotten by with just a small. The bowl comes with lots of noodles, tasty wonton, char siu, egg, fishcake, and green onions. All of the other dishes look good, but why take a chance when you know what you want. They only take cash, so make sure you save some of your winnings from the slots or blackjack tables. There are always plenty of Hawaiians at the restaurant, another sign of the authenticity of the restaurant.
It's hard not to get a plate lunch here when you're visiting The Cal. I like it because it reminds me of Hawaii and it's cheap! Pretty much everything hear is a winner. Saimin is very good. Always get a spam musubi with the local plate. Rather spend $10 bucks on good food than dropping it on the table.
After a 10 hour drive from SF to Vegas, we were anxious to fill our growling tummies. After hearing about the best Hawaiian food at the California Hotel and seeing the pictures of delicious poke on Yelp, we were sold. We didn't have to return our rental car for a few hours, so we quickly drove 20 minutes off the strip to Aloha Specialties Restaurant. 

What a disappointment! First of all, we were told that they haven't served poke in about a year. Talk about false advertisement! If you're looking to order poke, look elsewhere. They don't have it here. 

Fine, everything else on the menu looked appetizing enough that we could probably still be satisfied sans poke right? Wrong! When we got our meals, no one left satisfied. I wouldn't suggest wasting gas, cab money or calories here at all.
There's one place I ALWAYS go to when in Vegas and that is the Aloha Specialties Restaurant at the California Hotel. This place reminds me of being in Hawaii- very ono.
The combo plates are HUGE as is the saimins so feel free to share (and add wontons to the saimin)- also the fruit punch reminds me of my childhood in Hawaii so go for that too. Portuguese Sausage YUM Spam Musubi OISHI
If you eat at the off times then the line's usually short but during peak hours it's really busy and not only is the line big but the wait for a table can be long too.
It is a Cash Only restaurant so don't bring your cards here and water is self serve.
My family and I had to eat at this little restaurant while visiting because a) were from Hawaii b) so badly craving a loco moco and some spam! 

Its a small restaurant up stairs, and really inexpensive food. 

If you are missing loco grindz (food) and need you portuguese sausage, saimen, loco moco, beef stew, etc fix- this is your place. 

Its inexpensive, away from the smokey casino and you're bound to run into other Hawaii locals.
If you ever wondered why so many Islanders come to visit Vegas and stay at "The Cal" in downtown, you have just found your answer! This place has some of the best Hawaiian food in the valley! Teri beef, chicken, musubi, garlic chicken with gravy, loco moco, short ribs, saimin, etc. - they got what you want! And not only is everything made fresh and delicious but the portions are huge and the price is nice! It's always packed with locals when I go, so you know it's definitely Ono! Official!
I'm not one to seek out Hawaiian cuisine but my friends insisted we come here.  I ordered spam Masubi and loco moco.  Best spam masubi and loco moco I ever head.  Comfort food at its best.  My friend offered some of his tripe stew to me.  He warned me that I might order one.  After one bite, I was sold on the tripe stew and ordered one of my own.  Texture was executed perfectly.  For those that like tripe, the tripe stew is a MUST ORDER.
Saw the high Yelp reviews for this place, and we were staying in the adjoining Main Street Station, so we ended up in here for dinner one night.  We got there around 7, and there was a line of maybe a dozen folks ahead of us.

I had the saimin (good, but nothing special), as well as the garlic chicken.  GF got the combo plate that had Korean beef and chicken, along with the obligatory rice and macaroni salad.  This isn't fine dining by any stretch - presentation isn't really a concern, and we're not talking about any crazy complimentary flavors or subtle undertones or anything.  Portions are large - GF and I could easily have just split the combo plate and been more than full.  Solid, stick-to-your-ribs, Hawaiian style food.  The beef and chicken were solid, maybe a bit fatty, but that's to be expected.

Cash only was a bit of a surprise, but fortunately I hadn't handed over all my money on the blackjack tables.

This is one of those places that looks like a hole in the wall, but looks like it's always packed.  Large portions and great bang for the buck.  Not amazing food, but a great value, especially if you're craving Hawaiian style.
This place is onolicious. I have found and item yet I didn't like. I especially love the spam musubi, oyako, and the loco moco. A must stop if you like hawaiian style food.
below average. it's acceptable for the price in LV though.
I love how this place is right across from lapperts! Seriously the perfect dessert after having the Korean chicken here!

During lunch and dinner this place is pretty busy. I highly recommend the Korean chicken! You seriously cannot go wrong with this plate of yummy goodness! 

I haven't tried anything else here but I will definitely be back. They have awesome service and delicious food.
After a long vacation and drive from San Fran to LA to Vegas ending up at Aloha Specialties made me feel like I arrived back home on Oahu.

Seeing all the local people, local food, ......home away from home!  The food is ono, the portions are huge, and they have Hawaiian Sun Passion Orange!

Definitely a go to place for Hawaiians!
Came back today and the Korean chicken is delicious but the serving is not like it was but  have to say the chicken was delicious.  The rice was kind of well done and too soft for me.  The loco moco looked good but small portions.  I may come here but not unless I am in downtown, I don't crave this place like before.
The place was delicious for my in laws they  had the chicken teriyaki.  They also got the rib eye and they said that was alittle tough.  The Fried saimen was not as good again for my taste buds :( sorry I lie this place but it s just a disappointment for me.  The bento and local plates were yummy.
During our Annual trip to Vegas, aside from the pricey restaurants on the strip we always want to find the hidden gems. And this is definitely one of them. It's located on the second floor of downtown's California Hotel. Pretty big seating area. Keep in mind it's not a fancy restaurant. 

I order the Saimin with wonton. Pretty much it's noodles with kimchi and wonton. Pretty good but not too special. Boyfriend order the Korean chicken and beef and he loved it. We also tried the Spam Masubi, which is like sushi with spam. Pretty good as a appetizer. They also have Hawaiian soda. 

Overall a good experience. I would definitely come back to try other dishes.
they are not that bad. their food portions are huge. too bad they dont accept debit/credit cards. they add more veggies to their siamin.
The BEST Hawaiian food in town! I have coming here since i was a kid!!! Always great service, friendly owners and delicious food!!!! I have tried many other Hawaiian restaurants in town and nothing compares to this place!!!! Prices are so reasonable and portions are great!!!! I LOVE love love this place!!!!
I visit this restaurant every September when I'm in town for the LVI basketball tournament.

I've been coming here since 2007 - either my taste buds have changed or the food quality has  dropped.

The place is always crowded this time of the year and prices are very reasonable. I will continue to eat here regardless of a single good or bad experience

Highly recommended for those staying at Main Street Station or The Californian - I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here though.

*September 2013
Although I've been here many times, I've finally found my number one dish!  Listen, I can overlook the smokey casino outside and the outdated carpet and tables.  It's that good!

I got the Aloha Bento for $8.75!  Man this plate is AH-MAZE-ING!  Let's start with a bed of rice, seasoned with furikake, a seaweed seasoning.  Then you have Teriyaki beef, Korean chicken, Redondo red hot dog and mahi mahi.  My gosh!  Worth every penny.  Let's start with the tender and nicely grilled Teriyaki beef.  The sauce really makes it taste like home.  Then you have the hotdog, sliced in half and grilled.  This hot dog is only embraced in Hawaii.  I grew up on this and love it!  It's red, which is weird to some, but awesome to others!  Then the Korean chicken was super flavorful.  Grilled chicken thigh.  The sauce seemed to stick well and such a nice tangy taste to it!  Last but not least, the mahi mahi was breaded with egg and topped with a light tartar sauce. Probably the best part of the dish.  I've grown to love all types of fish and breaded mahi mahi has to be one of my top 5 favorites.  The tartar sauce really pulls the taste together and brings a very light element to the overall dish.  

Man, I'm so glad I chose this meal.  Now I know what I'm getting from now on and will definitely be back next week.  Gosh, I hope you have the opportunity to try it!  So delicious :)
Can't get enough of the good "local" food here. Open early and just late enough to get saimin or whatever plate lunch you crave. Always has great service and terrific prices too.
Really really really wanted to eat here for a while and stood in line for a while but got to check out the menu while doing so. When we finally ordered, I handed over my debit card but was refused because guess what? Cash Only. There was not a single sign or anything in the entire place. So we just left. Really? Cash only in a casino? Fail.
Best food I ate during my 5 day stay in Vegas by far.
Koren Chicken is amazing! If super hungry...Order the fruit punch with an extra piece on chicken and mac salad.
3.5 stars rounded to 4 stars!  Aloha Specialties Restaurant is the popular one-stop shop for local Hawaiian food when you visit Las Vegas.  The restaurant is located in the California Hotel and Casino.  You need to time your visit here (i.e., go early) because this place gets crowded!  I always wondered why Hawaii people would rush to a Hawaii restaurant in Las Vegas.  Don't we get enough local food at home?  It's all about comfort food.

Prices are reasonable, but the food preparation can take a while.  Be sure you have some good topics to talk with your table mates about.  Employees here work super hard to ensure you have a good experience.

Large Saimin Noodles:  This dish was just like eating local noodles at home in Hawaii.  The portions are quite large.  The saimin tasted like S&S saimin.  Although the noodles were a bit too soft and smooshy for me, it reminded me of my childhood.  Nice.  Grade:  B

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aloha-specialties-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#q_r79ge6x7EL_xu82rWY5Q

Chicken Curry & Rice:  This dish wasn't my favorite.  Period.  The flavor was right on, but the texture was a bit starchy and thick.  Not my style of local chicken curry.  Grade:  C+

Pork Tofu:  This dish was like home cooking!  Slices of pork cooked with onions, tofu, and served in a mirin, shoyu, and hondashi sauce!  WINNER!  Grade:  A!

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aloha-specialties-restaurant-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#_vF_tioidPEEiY4eFWmoCA

Spicy Korean BBQ Chicken:  The highlight of my dish was the grilled Korean BBQ chicken.  Three thighs were served with a whole lot of rice and a side of macaroni salad.  Well prepared, well cooked, delicious flavor.  Grade:  A-

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aloha-specialties-restaurant-las-vegas?select=0L7OXNm25KcXc31ftjIpUw#0L7OXNm25KcXc31ftjIpUw

Food Grade:  B
Service Grade:  B
Worth The Money Grade:  B
Overall Impression Grade:  B
Not going to pretend I'm from Hawaii or anything and say that this place is authentic. However, after visiting Hawaii and eating plenty of the local food, I can say that it comes somewhat close. 

I love me some hamburger steak so that's what I ordered. There wasn't enough gravy but the taste, rice and mac salad made up for that. I enjoyed it very much. 

My family and I shared the large saimin noodle. The soup wasn't very tasty (I think I'm just used to ramen broth) but everything in it was good. It just wasn't like "OMG THIS IS DELICIOUS."  We also had some korean chicken, which was pretty good. I would have preferred it to be crispy all over just not on one side though :p 

Overall, it was a great meal and the portions are a good size. I think it's a tad pricy, but it IS in a casino (California Hotel and Casino). The line is long, so expect to wait. Also, seating is limited. I would come back if I had some extra time during my next Vegas trip and was seeking some comfort food.
Oh man, I'd come here again in a heart beat! This is the cheapest and best Hawaiian food in Vegas!
Aloha is located on the 2nd floor of the California Hotel down near Fremont Street. We got here just before noon and didn't have to wait in too long of a line to order. This place is CASH ONLY and no coupons are accepted. 
The menu has plenty to choose from...combo plates, saimen, spamusubi, loco moco, breakfast, etc. We ordered a large saimen and the teriyaki combo plate with mac/rice. The saimen was good....lots of noodles and tasty broth. The combo plate was yummy also, a variety of chicken/pork/beef with tons of rice and some good mac salad on the side. Portions are large and hey, even if you're still hungry it'll roughly cost you maybe $5 more to order some more! 
This is an order at the counter then seat yourself place- the staff here was nice though and food came out fast. Would definitely recommend and return again!
Yelp I'm sorry but you let me down! I don't get how this place has so many good reviews. First the tables block the entrance so you can barely enter the place. Signage is very bad and you can't even see it. The place is beyond gaudy and looks like something from my grandmas living room. The portions are HUGE and the prices are cheap but the food quality was lacking! The sweet and sour ribs weren't even ribs, it was pork butt! The Korean chicken was tender but I didn't care for the skin that was left on it. The place is very old school which may work for some older people but not for me. There's other places that have the same style food and I'll be sure to check them out before ever stepping back into this flashback from the 70's. So please say aloha.... As your driving or walking by!
Good place in the California Hotel to come to see all the locals from Hawaii and if you are craving local food while on vacation.

Food is good we usually always get loco moco and saimin. The prices are reasonable and service is ok. This place is usually always busy when we come but they have a big seating area.
My fave place to go to in Vegas. Have to stop here for my loco moco fix.
Best local hawaiian style food in Vegas! I only bring friends from back home to here. Prices are great and service is always awesome! Saimin is killer
This place is a must stop every time I'm in Vegas. There isn't one dish I don't like here. It's almost become tradition to order the Korean Chicken with a side of fried egg. And there's just something about their macaroni salad that separates them from the rest. It's literally the best Mac salad I've ever had! The portions are huge and one dish can feed two.

Service is great and they're really friendly. Consistently love the atmosphere here. Now if they can only open a location in California...but one can only wish. 

Aloha!!
Good place for some local Hawaii food. First time to try the saimin and I didn't like it at all. Good thing I also ordered the teriburger. My husband ordered the cheeseburger and liked that too. Earlier in the week we also tried the liver and onions, tripe stew, spareribs, and beef stew. We loved the tripe stew and liver and onions. Just missing some poi.
Spam Musubi, Portugese Sausage, Hawaiian Breakfast...
A perfect way to start a day in LV. The Saimen is the best cure for hangovers.
good cheap filling meal big ass portions, don't eat before a pool party or you'll be trying to hold your gut in.
I love the Aloha Bento! Giant portions and it has everything Mahi Mahi, Redondos Hot Dog, Teri Beef, Korean Chicken and Furikake Rice. Better than most Hawaiian places in LA and very nostalgic for me, I've been staying at the Cal since I was a kid. I always eat here when I'm in Vegas.
I used to love this place but if you think sirachi sauce makes the meal please go somewhere else. I ordered teri chicken and asked for sirachi and they will only give you a small.. I'm taking a spoonful of sauce and refuse to give any more claiming the factory is closing! What a disappointment... Vegas has plenty of BBQ places willing to care about their customers .. You've been warned
Ho yup, dis buggah is winnahs! Out of all the years that I've lived in Vegas, I've never stopped by Aloha Specialties to check out the food or "grinds" as us local peeps affectionately call it. The SO and I were in a chicken mood so I opted for the Korean Chicken on this visit and my wife went for the Chicken Chop. The Korean Chicken was awesome and not overly crispy like some places I've had it at. The Chicken Chop was pretty good but the Korean Chicken was the winner dish IMO. Wanted to try out the famed Teriyaki Chicken but decided to pass on this round. The food was a bit pricey (almost $20 for both of our plates, no soda) but I left happy so I looked past that. Keep in mind that I paid that almost $20 ticket with cash because they are still cash only. Minor set back but I would've liked to have gotten some points on my Hawaiian Miles card so I can get home and taste some real grinds. But, at least I have Aloha Specialties. 

Good grinds, will be back for the Teri Chicken next time.
As far as I'm concerned, if you want some decent home-style Asian/Hawaiian fair, this is the place to go in downtown Vegas or otherwise. It's cheap, it's delicious, and it's completely understated how good the food is compared to everything barring 4 star 4 dollar sign restaurants.
If you want some tasty reasonably priced hawaiian food this is the place to go. Its inside of the California hotel and casino on the second floor. This past time I ordered the aloha breakfast which came with eggs, rice, spam, Portuguese sausage and what they call luncheon meat. Very filling meal and if youre in the mood for breakfast it hits the spot. The spam was  not too soft had a slight crisp to it (just the way I like it) and the Portuguese sausage had goof flavor. The luncheon meat was interesting. I would compare it to a thick piece of bologna. 

You seat yourself here and order at the cashier. There's only one cashier so when it gets busy you may have to wait. They only accept cash here so dont be coming in with a credit card. But then again you're at a casino so getting money shouldn't be an issue.
We love this place! Can't go to Vegas without stopping by. Huge portions at a good price. 
My son really likes the saimin here, he gets it every time. The Korean Chicken is my favorite. It's a little spicy but it hits me just right. The loco moco was very good. My husband liked it but said the patties that I make are tastier. Their gravy is very good. The bentos are very large...everything is very large here. 
Our favorite part is the price. It's cheap and the servings are so large and tasty. Enough to share plates. We often eat family style here. BRING CASH!! They don't take cards.
I love this place!   I must return next week.  

Hawaiian food plate, its just so tasty.  The macoroni salad was insane, the terriaki beef out of this world with this sweet gravy on it, and the rice was a perfect match for soaking up the beefy gravy.   I ate my whole plate, was not stuffed, just satisfied.   Happy, ready to swim at Hanalei Bay in Kauai, but back to the 9th Island Vegas!  Thank you Aloha and see you again soon....brahdahs and sisters....

5 STAR HAWAIIAN DELI PLATES HERE!! 
Cheap and yummy! 

Inside the California Hotel
Good hearty Asian style breakfast, brunch, lunch. Chicken, good.. crispy and moist. Platters are huge. Saimin was excellent. Long lines, but worth the wait. Mahi Mahi was pretty fresh.
Highly recommended by friends, it was an easy choice for lunch. With our arrival just after 11:30, we anticipated a long line. Much to our surprise, there was practically no wait at all. Even more surprising was the fact they only accept cash. What? This is Vegas. I got the Korean Chicken complete with rice and macaroni salad. I was in culinary heaven until my buddy, who ordered the same thing, found a very lengthy hair in his mac. The staff was apologetic and handled it well. Kind of put a damper on an otherwise pleasant experience though. Heads up if you use the parking garage. You must pay first and then validate at the casino cage. Make sure you have a receipt. No exceptions. The food was good enough to warrant a return (hopefully hairless) trip.
Always a tradition to go here when in Vegas with the fam.

Likes:
-Cheap food. 
-Pretty good Hawaiian food. I've had their saiman, Portuguese sausage with eggs and rice, and spam musubis.
-Big portions.
-Service is fast.
-Casual, take-out place.

Dislikes: 
-Cash only.
-They bring you the food, but everything else is self-serve, such as getting cups f water and utensils.

Recommend:
Yes! Good place to stop by before leaving Vegas...pick up some spam musubis for the road!
Located on the 2nd floor of the California Hotel. If it weren't for the long wait times to get your food and CASH ONLY, this place would be 5 stars in my book. The food portions are huge and decently priced. You know this place is authentic when you see an abundance of Hawaiian customers. 

I love the food here, but I still haven't forgiven them for making me miss my flight. The day after some qt and barhopping with the bff, he was craving Hawaiian and thought we had time to grab some lunch here before taking me to McCarran. It would've been true if we went somewhere else!!

We ordered our food to-go and waited about 50 mins until we got it. The wait is ridiculous! Of course I missed my opportunity to check in on time and I had to scramble to find another flight. I had the most expensive spam musubis ever that day hahah ($180 for last minute flight to LAX).
My saimen fix always good ;) every time when family comes to the mainland we usually hit up the cal :)
Fast service!  Delicious Hawaiian food with massive portions for sharing.  Definitely worth the trip to old downtown las Vegas
I'm going to have to say this is hands down the best restaurant to eat at in all of Las Vegas. Bold statement I know but for the price, quality, quantity, service and consistency this place has it all. We've been going to Vegas for decades now and we've tried hundreds of restaurants from the ultra high end on the strip to the soul food in the hood. While there are absolutely some great eating spots in town we always find ourselves coming to Aloha Specialties every trip, if not multiple times. I get the same thing every time too, the garlic chicken with gravy over rice and a spam musubi. I could probably eat that every day of my life. Lunch hour can get crazy so expect to wait in a long line and for a place to sit. On weekends I've seen the line go out the door and into the casino. The service is pretty quick even when busy. This place is inexpensive and only accepts cash. But if you're rolling around Vegas without any cash it's probably time for you to go home.
This place is a gem for a local food lover... The plate lunches are awesome and the won ton min is huge!  The hotel it's located in is a dive but this is worth visiting.
This is my favorite of all the Hawaii grinds, consistently excellent and improving.  We ordered the famous Korean chicken plate and small saimin with spam. The best in las vegas for plate lunches and ono eats, esp. the mac salad. The service is much faster considering the long line, worth the visit.
a place for local food from hawaii. plenty of locals here from hawaii and they still come and pack the place. 
having the local moco for the first time here in vegas.
This place is amazing! They have a nice variety on the menu. The food is always fresh and delicious.  If you like Hawaiian food, this is one of the best places in town! They only accept cash, so hit up the ATM first.
Meh. I must've gotten the wrong thing because I was not overly impressed. The teriyaki sauce on the ribeye was way too thick and sugary, and I scraped as much off as possible. The macaroni salad had good flavor but it didn't pair well with what I ate. Not really worth the walk up Fremont St. for me, but YMMV.
This is a solid Hawaiian food place, not my favorite but a decent go to place with reasonable prices.  I split the Teriyaki chicken bowl $3.95 or so, ahi poke $6.95 and my friend got spam musubi $2. Pretty big portions so it was easy to split and still be full, lots  of rice, the chicken had the skin on it. Ahi poke was a small container, about average price - i. I prefer the poke at Poke Express personally but since I wasn't on Craig Rd, this was good. The only thing I dislike about this place is it is CASH ONLY. It is generally busy in there, and was yesterday, but service is fast and if you just get water, then there is self service water too which is fine for me.
Need some Island style home cooking? Well Aloha Specialties is the place to visit for that itch. Located on the second floor of the California Hotel & Casino. I felt I was transported back to Waikiki. 

I arrived on a Sunday and made it a point to drive directly here after landing from  So Cal. I had a Hawaiian grub itch that needed fixing quick. After valet parking (self park $3.00) I jumped in the long line to place my order and  opted for the small saimin and Loco Moco since I couldn't decide  on what to choose. Not long after being seated the friendly waitress brought me the two entrees.  I cracked up BC she was looking for another person to give a dish to. Even the customer next to me was shocked what I was going to attempt to do. We laughed about taking leftovers for dinner. Hey at these bargain prices - how could I possibly go wrong? It's cash only so leave your plastic in your purse or wallets people.

The saimin broth was yummy, chau Sui seasoned to perfect flavor - not overcooked or to sweet and just the right amount of fat. the small order was generously sized and hit the spot. The loco moco was also gigantic with a steamed rice base topped with a hamburger patty and drenched with gravy and a medium cooked egg once top . Talk about comfort food - this definitely is the place to find it. 

There's seating out front if you''re nto people watching while dinning and many entrees sell out as did that day. I'm looking forward to returning and sampling  additional island style favorites.
Surprisingly good!  
It was like street food in Hawaii
Friendly service, very decent portions and tasty food.

Bring your appetite and CASH, they don't accept plastic or player's club cards.

Anyone homesick for Hawaiian plate lunch should be happy here.  Just note their hours and the cash-only and you'll be fine.
Haven't been here in years ever since we''ve been staying on the main part of the strip for all that glitz, glam, tourists and crowds. But occasionally we like the quiet local joints in this part of the city. Nice change of pace! 

No nonsense Hawaiian joint. Good food, great service with great prices. Stop by after you check out the Fremont Experience can't go wrong. But bring cash as they do not take cards.
After driving being on the road for almost 4 1/2 hours, this place was a decent surprise.  I just the lunch plate.  It came with spam musubi, beef and chicken teriyaki.  The spam was ok.  The star was the chicken teriyaki.  The chicken thigh with skin that was was crunchy that was lightly covered with teriyaki sauce.  Not a bad place to grab Hawaiian food in Las Vegas.
only tried a couple of items here short rib & an all meat platter with chicken ,pork chop and beef . all was pretty good and cheap and you get a good amount .also you may get tired of buffets. they sell cookies and t shirts at the counter. if you get a chance go to vegas 808 it is across the way it has all kinds of snacks !
Simply the best in Vegas for local food. Saimin and Teri beef is my favorite. I also enjoy the Mahi plate. The staff is also always friendly!
Take note that they only take cash.
Great local food!! If you have a need to get your Hawaii fix in this is the place!! The aloha bento is best, also try the Korean chicken!
This place is the real deal! I love little mom and pop restaurants like this. You can taste the quality and the freshness of the food and the price is super affordable for the amount of food they give you. I tried their garlic chicken and it was the best I've ever had, the skin was crispy even with the gravy on top, but the inside was tender and juicy. The only thing I don't really like about this place is that it's cash only, but luckily it's located in a casino so you can easily find an ATM. Looking forward to coming back next time I'm downtown!
This spot is where the crew goes for bfast but more like lunch because its vegas! Its a homestyle spot with all of Hawaii's best. The prices are a deal considering ppl would pay more in vegas and the portions are big. The loco moco is a hangover bfast definately hits the spot. Masubi is a great side. The best thing on the menu is the korean chicken! I can eat only korean chicken everyday for the rest of my life .. Game over!
If I have a craving for hamburger steak there's only one place that comes to mind... and I agree its Aloha specialities!  I usually have the hamburger steak and my lady gets the Korean chicken or saimin. No can wrong with anything plus they get boiled peanuts every now and than amd they are great!! The hamburger is nice an dense flavor is outrageous and taste like your eating a legit piece of steak! The gravy is mean and the mac salad is good. Home cooking that you get to taste and it is awesome! The saimin is so flavorful and brings me straight back home and the korean chicken also has good flavor. A little different as their korean chicken is boneless and I am used to drumsticks but no can complain as its easier to eat lol! Overall in my opinion this place has the best hamburger steak  plate in vegas! Loco mocos is winners too! All Hawaii people must give this place a try and give aloha kitchen one small kine break, aloha specialities is a must try!
2nd floor of the California Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas.  Reasonably priced for the portions you get.  Casual and friendly service.  Thing is that ... the food isn't very good.  :c

Combo plates (I had the Teriyaki Chicken/Meat & Masubi) were sooooooo saltyyyyy/sweet!  Did I not order the right thing or what?  The Spam Masubi was so freaken salty it was hard to not eat all the rice that it came with.  The meat that was drenched in the teriyaki sauce was way toooooo sweet.... Everything was a little better after I added some Sriracha... but other than that, way too much salt / sweetness for my liking.  :c

I think I may give this place another try if I had a rental car given how cheap the food was and all the good reviews.  But to walk / cab here from the Strip, nah ... probably not.  :c
Missing home (Hawaii)? Want saimin? Look no further. Every time I come to Vegas and stay downtown, I make a stop here for some local comfort food. This particular time, my family was stopping over on our way home after a weeklong vacation and I was craving some saimin. I was so excited and was not disappointed.

Sometimes the lines can be long to order, but it usually moves. Once you order, you get a number and have a seat at one of the tables. The food is brought to you. So satisfying.

I've gotten other food here, but mostly just get their saimin. It's a nice little bit of home while you're away.
Now, this place is a staple for students.  Located right by UNLV, when school is session the Aloha Kitchen is always packed when lunchtime rolls around.  However, students also don't have the most discerning of tastes.  The big draw here is the $3 chicken teriyaki 'bowl.'  It's basically just a few pieces of chicken teriyaki and some rice, and for $3 it's definitely a steal and when you're done you're not hungry anymore.  The thing is, it's not that good really.  The sauce is kind of bland and I've found the chicken to be fatty.  But, hey, what do you expect for $3?

They have a no-debit-card-under-$5 policy which is super annoying when you live off of plastic like I do.  I was forced to get some spring rolls that I didn't want once because I wasn't aware of this policy.  The good thing was that the spring rolls were better than the chicken bowl.
Aside from the loud college students over on the corner (at that bar, dunno the name), chillin outside, and hanging out inside waiting for their ONE friend who decided to actually eat.. I liked this place.

It's cozy, the people are nice, and they even bring your food over to your table.

I ordered the Bulkogi Plate ($8.50) which is marinated ribeye w/ 2 scoops of rice, salad, and macaroni salad.  MMMMM, soo good.

We got spam masubi on the side (rice, spam, and teriyaki sauce wrapped in seaweed), and is definitely worth a try if you've never had it before.

Um o yea, free refills!
There's Hawaiian food, and then there's Hawaiian food.  My introduction to such fare was in Hawaii, many years ago.  First was the inevitable luau which, although touristy, nonetheless introduced me to such foods as kalua pig, lomi lomi salmon, and taro.  Next came the "traditional" restaurant.  "Traditional" is in quotes because I'm not quite sure what tradition was being followed, but it was an attempt to offer some of the foods eaten by Hawaiians in the not too distant past, and even into the present.  I got my first taste of poi, which by the way is actually pretty good as a foil to the salty foods often served.  I then moved to a locals restaurant that served many of the same dishes, and fell in love with haupia, which when properly prepared is coconut heaven and when poorly prepared is coconut jello.  Lastly, I was introduced to the then new Pacific Rim (aka Asian fusion) cuisine.

Aloha Kitchen isn't like any of those places. 

The menu is representative of what is sometimes called local Hawaiian food, and caters to the large local Hawaiian community that has taken root in Las Vegas.  The food is an amalgam of Pacific Rim cuisines.  It is cheap and filling.  A typical meal is the mix plate, consisting of two scoops of white rice, a scoop of macaroni salad, and one or more items such as kalua pork, chicken katsu, and pork lau lau.  Spam is also a mainstay (spam sushi!), or try the loco moco (bed of rice, hamburger patty, eggs sunny side up, and a big ladle of brown gravy).  Health food lovers need not apply.

Like most such restaurants, Aloha Kitchen is very plain, and very inexpensive.  The Maryland Parkway location is near UNLV, and feels like a typical university hole-in-the-wall place.  Order at the counter, take a seat, and your meal will be brought to you.

Meal #1:  I had never had a loco moco before, and decided to give it a try.  Loco Moco is a bowl of steamed rice, with a fried hamburger patty on top, followed by a generous portion of brown gravy, and a couple of sunny side up eggs.  The rice was bland, the gravy was bland, the hamburger was bland.  Once is enough!

Meal #2:  I decided to try a typical meal - one of the many mix plate combinations.  In this case it consisted of kalua pork, chicken katsu, and of course rice and macaroni salad.  The kalua pork was salty but flavorful, good in combination with the bland rice.  The real winner was chicken katsu, a kind of Japanese fried chicken with a sweet barbecue sauce on top.

Meal #3:  I got the local plate: chicken, beef, Spam musubi, macaroni salad, and rice, all for the bargain price of $6.99.  The beef consisted of thin small slices of beef with a sweet barbecue sauce, on top of sprouts of some sort.  On top of the beef was a thin piece of chicken, skin on, sauted until the skin was crisp.  Both were very good.  Next, Spam musubi; I had to try it.  There were two pieces.  Each pieced consisted of a thin slice of Spam (about 3" x 1.5" x 1/8"), fried until crisp, on top of a thick layer of warm rice with barbecue sauce, wrapped in a large sheet of seaweed.  It wasn't as weird as I expected, although the seaweed was too chewy.  I'd give it a mild thumbs up.



This kind of food isn't fancy; it's heavy on the fat, heavy on the carbs.  I love it!  Aloha Kitchen serves a decent representation of the stuff.  I have a feeling there must be better versions out there, but this one is pretty good.
Teriyaki bowl is great, but I absolutely love the macaroni salad. It's amazing.
I wasn't very fond of this place at all.  I still much prefer the one on Sahara and Decatur.  The cashier seemed uninterested and the food really wasn't prepared as good as the other restaurant.  I can't say that I would go back again unless there wasn't anything else on that block to eat.
By service alone, this place is crap. The girl at the register had to have an IQ of a doorknob. I phoned in an order one time and when I got there, I paid and sat down. I waited 20 minutes before the doorknob realized my food had been ready since I got there. And when I asked why she didn't tell me, she just looked at the cook, who had about the same IQ, and they both shrugged.

That's what you get when you hire a bunch of middle school dropouts. Who cares if the food was even good, this place sucks...
This place used to be my favorite. But not anymore. My family and i used to eat her twice a day or more when we come for vacation. Now we steer clear of this one. The food qualiy has not been up to par for awhile. We only go to the aloha kitchen on sahara now. too bad we used to love this place. I read recent reviews on maryland and the food quality has been a C.
As teriyaki chicken rice bowls go, this place has an okay one at a reasonable price, especially on the student special.  It's nothing spectacular, but it's filling enough.  Maybe I'll return to try something more interesting, but I'm not in a huge hurry to do so.
I hate downgrading, but today's visit was kind of icky.  I had a student special again, this time with added vegetables.  They drowned the vegetables in more gooey teriyaki sauce (the chicken bowl last time had just enough to be tasty), and they were blah vegetables (celery and cabbage, just short of overcooked) at that.
Decent hawaiian food, i'd have to say better then L& L because they do have more selection.

Ordered the Spam and Eggs...Yumm! I've been meaning to try the adobo fried rice...that might have to be for my next visit to the city of sin.
Aside from the typical L&L's around just about every corner, whenever we go to Vegas, we usually go to the restaurant inside CALIFORNIA in downtown.  Don't get me wrong, that place is great - great food at great prices, but to me, this place has just a touch more.

By having the combination of the Hawaiian, Japanese, and Filipino food - this place has won me over! I've only had the pleasure of going once, but I'll definitely be going back! Since I did my yelp homework before coming, I decided to get the adobo fried rice omelet.  Aside from the fact that I LOVE adobo, I wanted to try this because of ALL the other hawaiian eateries, NO ONE has this on their menu.  The plate cost something around $6ish and you definitely get your money's worth.  The omelet was HUGE! No matter how hard I tried, I could not finish the food - but trust me, I wanted to.  But again, I'm simple - I LOVE adobo - so this place had me!! It's basically adobo fried rice stuffed inside an egg omelet. Simple, yet perfect.

We also had an order of their lumpia which comes with about 6 pieces for $2.99.  The rest of my family had other "traditional" filipino dishes like spam and eggs with rice, portugese sausage with egg and rice (not so filipino), and tapsilog! 

But really, their menu isn't just breakfast foods - there was an array of soups, chicken, korean bbq, ... really, just about anything!

After ordering your food at the counter, you merely take a seat anywhere in the restaurant and wait for the server to bring your food to you.  I wouldn't necessarily expect all star service, but it's definitely not bad service... this definitely is a step up from fast food, trust me!

Would I come here again?? Of course! I can't wait until someone decides to open one up near me!!
I love's me some real Hawaiian plate lunch...

whenever I'm in Vegas, I'm sure to get my fix here.  (I kno, I kno, it's not Oahu, but it's usually the closest I can get from NYC)

not far from the main strip, you just take Tropicana Ave east until you hit Maryland Parkway. 

these guys seem to close fairly early (10pm) but I hear that the overly touristy one on Decatur Ave stays open til 5am!
Don't ask me why but this location is much better than the other one on Charleston. I love the service here better. They do not rush you. The cook is awesome. The food is freshly prepared and everything is so reasonably priced. A great perk, it's like $4.99 or something like that for a chicken bowl and a drink. You can't find that these days. Oh yeah, but before I forget to mention, that deal is only valid if you have a student ID. I was happy. They accepted my ID from work, since I work at a school. I guess it almost makes me a student huh. Anyways, I love the adobo fried rice and the pork adobo plate was tasty. I was like WHOA!! That's a lot of food. Even with friends helping to munch on everything, we didn't finish our meal. The OX Tail soup wasn't available so we weren't happy about that but the food we did order was bomb. I know some locals don't like this place too much but this is a treat for us, since all we have is the usual L&L type stuff. This is the spot when we come to vegas. It's always open when we need and it's quick and easy. THANKS!!
The plan was to get sandwiches at Capriottio's next door, but they were closed, so what's the next thing to sandwiches, meat and rice. 

Disclaimer: I was pretty out of it when we came here to eat (damn you vegas), so my memory might be a little off.

First impressions, typical hawaiian plate lunch place with the typical foods; spam, teri meats, kalua pork, etc. but they also had filipino food which is an added bonus. 

I got the adobo and katsu combo - the katsu was okay nothing special, but the adobo was decent, wished they gave more of the sauce. The only disappointment was the mac salad, it seems as if I was eating straight mayonnaise, no flavor. 

Best part of the meal they have Fruit Punch. Cheehee!
When I went to Las Vegas for my bachelorette party, I had one main objective:  get some hawaiian food.

It wasn't until my last day there when I got that chance.  I ordered the adobo fried rice and it wasn't as good as I had previously remembered.  It was ultra greasy, and it had a weird scent.  I don't like being let down when it comes to food, especially when I look forward to it for so long.
Honestly, I've been here before and I really enjoyed it the first time; but this last time....how do you keep running out of fried chicken?  Ahh...when I did have the opportunity to taste the fried chicken, it was like home cooking.  So crunchy, just the right amount of seasoning...truly grubb'n!  Now, I wonder if that was fluke, since the katsu was ok and my husband's tapsilog did not hit the spot.  

The saving grace was the Adobo fried rice omelet.  sorry, that's what's up with this spot.
This location is closer to the strip which is a plus, however, I feel like the one on Decatur had more extra stuff. I'm pretty sure I was able to get halo-halo at the one on Decatur.

Anyway, I ordered my usual adobo omelet and it was just as good as I remembered. I love eating it with some sriracha. Since it is massive in size, I had leftovers for lunch the next two days. The portions are large, which is always enjoyable. You get your monies worth!
The food wasn't horrible, but as a Korean, if you're going to serve Kalbi (beef short ribs), it'd better not be stingy.  The Kalbi I had was sliced paper thin and not very meaty.  There was chicken katsu, and terriyaki with the plate, both not too bad.  The plate and a drink came out to 10, a little overpriced for lackluster fare.
Wow...if only CALI can have them! Amazing!

Their adobo fried rice was awesome. I got the spam and eggs with rice and yum! 

Fast service and definitely fattening...not for the healthy folks, but hey it's Vegas! 

Oh and it's cheap, so definitely the spot to regroup and save dinero!
love their teri chicken and mac salad, brings me right back to hawaii
Really, I don't know how anyone could NOT love this place!! I can have the adobo fried rice omelette over and over again! My friend ordered his adobo fried rice with sunny side up eggs... it looked GREAT - that's definitely my next adventure! 

We need one in CA!!!
Great Kalbi plate!!!! These short ribs are marinated well. Awesome flavor. The Teriyaki plates are pretty good too,  the sauce needs a little sweetness, I think. The macaroni salad is the bomb. I like this place, good food for a good price. I tried the chicken wings...not worth it.  The appetizers are not that good and cost almost as much as a plate. Stick to the combination plates.
Adobo fried rice omelette..nuff said...really though, they have Filipino and Japanese dishes and we always have to start here when we visit the LV...YOu must try if you're in the area...
The adobo fried rice omelette is so good (thanks for all the recommendations, yelpers!).  The adobo meat is really tender and there are big chunks of it throughout the fried rice.  I could eat this every day!  Sometimes I get the adobo on its own and it's really good too.

The chicken curry is also really good and full of chicken and veggies.  When you order take out, you get a really big container full of curry and a large plate of rice.

This place gets really busy around lunch and dinner so you may want to call in your order beforehand.
Mmm loco moco! Totally hit the spot since I had been craving Hawaiian food for months now (haven't been able to find a place in Philly). 

Since they have a pretty big menu, I want to try more!
Aloha Kitchen definitely satisfied my longest craving for local Hawaiian food.  Living on the East Coast does take a toll on the Local when it comes to food, and I knew that one of my biggest priorities when visiting Vegas was to find good Hawaiian grinds.

I found Aloha Kitchen on a random google search.  It was also the place of choice because it's about a 10-15 minute bus ride from the airport on the 109.  This is great for those of us who are cheap and like to save money by not renting a car and utilizing public transportation.  And, it literally drops you off right across the street.

The food selection was plentiful, so I had a really hard time deciding on something.  I ended up ordering a Hawaiian plate that included laulau, kalua pig, and the usual scoops of rice and ono mac salad.  In addition, I also ordered a couple of manapuas.  I tried to order poke, but they already ran out--and it was only noon!  You know when something runs out that quick, it has to be good.  Great for them, bad for me, I guess!  The funny thing is that I kept thinking "you can't screw up laulau and kalua pig", but then I had to remind of myself that you CAN.  It wasn't dry, too salty, or even mushy, which are sometimes an issue.  It was just like how it is back home in Hawai'i.

My partner had the katsu/curry plate really liked it.  Unfortunately, I was too much of a pig indulging in my meal to sample from his plate, so I personally can't attest to its goodness.  

Would I go back there again?  Absolutely!  Great location, great price, ono food--what else do you need?  Oh yes, the employees were very nice, too!
Adobo fried rice omelet.

Some of the best comfort food to be had off the Strip.  If you like ANY of the components (adobo + fried rice + omelet), then all three combined will seriously blow your mind.

Large dining space and parking lot.  Not far from UNLV.  If I could perfect this, I would never go out for brekkie again (OK, almost never).
This place was recommended by one of my coworkers.  I have to say they have THE best Adobo Fried Rice Omelet (a.k.a. Adobo Burrito) ever! Our first time there, we didn't know what to expect so we ordered 3!  OMG, we had no idea that the portion were huge!!  You can seriously feed a whole family with one.  Highly recommended and price is very reasonable.  It's an all time favorite and definitely worth the trip whenever your in Vegas.
I personally like aloha kitchen. Ive been going there for years now, me being from southern Cali, this is the place we stop at before we go home, we used to also go to the sanwich spot next door but they closed down (i think it was called caparellis), anyway, I suggest you order the adobo omelete, its wonderful!!! and get extra adobo sauce with it!!!
ADOBO FRIED RICE. 

Came here with folks on the way out of vegas. price is right and food is on point. tastes just like i came from a family party (filipino style family party) and decided to get creative with the leftovers. thats how the adobo fried rice omelet  came about. soooo good. shared a adobo and katsu with lumpia and it was enough for 3 people!!! (have it be we each ordered the adobo fried rice omelet to our selves not know the size of the portion.)

better than L&L but ranks up there with Homesyle Hawaiian out here in san diego. (MO dont worry i still prefer you over these guys)
Every time I come out here w/ the sig fig and her fam, they make sure to come out to Aloha Kitchen...and I asked why.  Well, I stopped asking that question as soon as I took my first bite of my adobo omelet!  

I come for one item - the aforementioned adobo omelet.  Pretty much chicken adobo(filipino dish-very popular) with garlic fried rice, all placed lovingly and heftingly into a nice large egg omelet.  It's like a filipino torta/burrito, he he he.  The omelet is large and in charge and can be a pretty hefty meal; but I finished the last one all by myself.  The few times before, I shared, but I always wanted more - so I will always order one for myself in the future.  They've gotten a little smaller, but maybe it was just that one day that we went, because usually the portions are huge.

Now my friends like the other items on the menu as well, so I would definitely go back and maybe try something else, along w/ my fav item.  

There are several locations, but this is the one I like going to the most.  We've never really eaten there; always carried out, but the staff is very friendly when we make call our order in for pickup and the place is generally crowded enough.  Parking is pretty open since it's just off the strip, so eat there when you can, but most people I know pick some up for the ride home; when they drive.

Come often and come for the omelet!  :)
I try to make it an effort to come to Aloha Kitchen each time I visit Vegas. I would have to say that Aloha Kitchen is the best hangover food ever!! Here are a few things to try that make them oh so delish to come back.

Adobo fried rice omelet. Mmm.. just like home. Homemade adobo (pork) cooked in garlic fried rice wrapped in an omelet! How can you not resist that! The adobo is perfect, tangy, soft and peppery. You can share this omelet however it is best to buy one for yourself and eat the rest for leftovers.  I like to dip my rice in hot sauce it gives a better kick!

Things I have also tried: Spam plate- nothing to fancy straight forward, you can ask them to cook is crispy or soft. Corn beef hash- mmm.. I love corn beef hash. They make it crispy on the outside and soft in the side. Eat it with rice, over easy eggs and ketchup! Adobo Katsu- Adobo with chicken katsu, rice and macaroni salad! 

The prices are decent and the food is great. However if you come in large groups they tend to forget a order :/ . It has happened to our party twice. A good place to check out off the strip!
This place used to be on regular rotation before I went vegetarian. I loved the spam dishes, and adored the chicken katsu...I also am still frequently tempted by the kalua pig and cabbage...However, now that I am vegetarian, I've only been back twice. The most recent trip about a week ago, I enjoyed stir fried veggies, rice and the veggie egg rolls. The stir fried veggies (made with butter) and rice were absolutely delicious. My only complaint is that the diversity of veggies in the stir fry is very limited to cabbage, carrots, and maybe some peppers. I love the way AK makes their rice, and had no complaints. The portion size was also massive. As for the egg rolls, they just didn't do it for me. They were cooked okay, but were pretty bland, and the sauce with them didn't really help. 
The service at AK has always been good, and this was no exception. 
I dined with a co-worker, and a family from the mid-west who we had just met. The family loved their food, and thought it was very flavorful. So, if you are not used to Hawaiian food, this place could change your life. 
I am glad to know I can get full on a plate of veggies and rice, with enough left over to take home for all under $6.50.
After a multitude of visits to Aloha at whatever time of day, I can safely say that if you want a really excellent lunch or dinner while staying on a budget head to Aloha Kitchen.

The student special is pretty much unbeatable-it's $3.99 for a chicken teriyaki plate, they have never asked to see my student id either. It's filling and tasty. 

I have also ordered the chicken katsu, the mixed combos that include Kalbi ribs and pork, and the adobo fried rice omlette. The kalbi is really yummy, as is the katsu. The fried rice omlette is very salty and both times I have had it, it was a little dry. Definitely need a drink to wash this one down. 

The portions for everything are huge. Service is always pleasant. The rice is ok, and the macaroni salad I enjoy, especially over L&L's.
i got the adobo fried rice omlet after reading all the good reviews here and it was indeed tasty. my friend got the mixed plate and it was pretty good.  large portions. good mac salad (simple but critical).  

but deep fried shu mai??  no, no, oh for the love of God no..    that shouldn't even be legal. 

over all a nice place to have friendly staff hand you a spam musubi
Overview:  Being a UNLV alumni I of course have eaten many a meal at Aloha Kitchen.  It is cheap, but I'll warn you now, for each item that is of wonderful quality and taste, there is an item that is equally bland, fake, or just plain bad.  It is a Filipino owned establishment, so the Filipino items tend to be good, while the flavors that I grew up with in Hawaii are often a disappointment.  I miss Diamond Head grill, which was across the street from UNLV.  Their Hawaii food blew Aloha Kitchen out of the water, but the owners moved away and I was left with just the Aloha.

Location:  The restaurant is on Maryland Parkway, north of Tropicana.  For all you poor college students, it's to the east of the southern dorms, south of In and out burger, and north east of the architecture building.  When you're on campus, the strip is west of you.  Hopefully that helps.

Exterior:  Your standard strip mall restaurant.  There is minimal outside dcor, glass store front, and a door.

Interior:  They are really going for the Hawaii feel here, but it looks nothing like any restaurant that I have ever eaten in whileI lived all my life in Hawaii.  It screams fake Hawaii.  Corny.  

Service:  You order at the counter for takeout and dine in.  If it is a takeout order, there are a few seats that you can sit in while you wait for your food.  For dine in, you get a plastic number that you take to your table with you.  You get your own drink and the only service I ever seem to get is when the food is dropped to our table.  Sometimes I wonder if I should even leave a tip for that.  The attitude of the service really depends on the workers.  Some are really friendly, others are just plain b####s.  The manager, an Asian guy, is the nicest guy.

Food:  Like I started off with, they make some really good stuff, and some really bad stuff.  The good stuff first.  They make some great Kalbi.  It is tasty and charred just the right amount to add the perfect flavor to it.  The Adobo anything will always seem to be a winner (adobo fried rice, adobo omelets, etc.).  

Now I will move onto the bad.  Musubis are simple and normally delicious, but I don't like the way they make theirs.  They make it fresh which should be a good thing; however, this does not allow the steam of what should be freshly cooked rice to soften the nori.  Now I've heard people say they like the fresh nori, but I feel the nori on the outside of a musubi should not be tough and chewy.  I'm sorry, but growing up with the stuff I am just against that.  The solution would be to just wrap it in plastic wrap as soon as you make it to trap the steam inside to soften the nori, then unwrap after about three minutes and serve.  

Also, they seem to use ready made sauces.  If not, then they have pretty accurately duplicated the taste of Kikkoman teriyaki sauce.  The thing that used to piss me off was that they would not marinate their meats (except the Kalbi).  If you ordered Teriyaki chicken, you would get a bland piece of chicken with Kikkoman sauce poured over it.  I used to work at some higher end Hawaii restaurants in my day, and when I saw this I wanted to throw my plate.  How hard is it to put meat into a sauce and leave it there for 30 or more minutes so the flavor gets in the meat?  

Summary:  I'm going to be as positive as I can be here and focus on the good.  The price is pretty decent and on most days the staff will be friendly.  What they made well taste outstanding and comes out fairly quick.  Since in Hawaii presentation equals portion size and not prettiness, the presentation here is great.  They give you a good amount of food for the money.  This is a blessing for any college student.  

Will I eat here again? No, since there are far better Hawaii restaurants in the Valley.  Would I recommend it?  Only to students who don't have a car and can't drive to Ross J's, Island Flavors, or the California Hotel.  This place is becoming more and more a chain.  This saddens me.  Why can't a restaurant with some actually Great Hawaii food become a chain?
Of the things that I tried here, it made me wish i attended UNLV.

The adobo fried rice omelette really does get mixed reviews: either so-so or delicious. It really depends on how it's made apparently, because when I tasted mine...it was AMAZING.

There wasn't much chicken, but i felt like it was because the sheer amount of the rice. I think the omelette was AT LEAST 6 eggs, weighing in at about a pound and a half. 

Also tried their mac salad, tapsilog, and chicken katsu and all were delicious. 

We came in a large group and they were really nice and patient, which was a plus.
This place is pretty standardized fare. The regularly offered items are generously proportioned and filling, but the more you stray from the adobo plate or Kalua pig n cabbage the more it is just okay and a little disappointing. 

The one thing you can count on is the really friendly service of the girls behind the counter, as well as the latent hostility of the males. Wow, this place really reminds me of Hawaii. And the service is usually R-e-a-l-l-y slow. 

One thing that bugs me is when they pump in the pop music. But one thing I really like is when they play that hybrid Hawaiian reggae on weekends. 

I also hate paying a buck and a quarter for a soft drink from a can. But not as much as two bucks for a fountain drink. Must be all the college kids mooching as much as they can before jetting off to class. 

This place is definitely geared towards the college crowd. The decor is kind of gimmicky. The food is pretty solid, but it can be spotty sometimes. I'd say this is a good place to stop if you're in the area and want some OK food, but don't travel across town for it.
A new favorite when ever I visit Las Vegas. Went here for breakfast two days in a row. Got the breakfast special tapsilog the first day and the next day the adobo fried rice omelet. Both dishes were excellent. 

The location has a feeling of home and cool island style decorations.

The prices and service are great to. I'll be returning soon. What next to try?
Big portions and delicious Hawaiian food.  The venue was clean and had a nice vibe to it.  Went with a huge party and the food came out pretty quick.

A definite revisit when I go back to Las Vegas.
This is the second time I've been here and I just find myself ordering the same thing again!  The Adobo Fried Rice Omelet hits the spot once again after a night full of drinking.  The portion of this omelet is enough to feed two...... but who goes here to share?!?!?!?!  
From the first bite, you can easily tell the chicken has been marinating its its adobo juice.  The rice is there to just suck up all the flavors.  
I like to add a layer of Siracha hot sauce on top to give it a little kick.  This place is soo good!  The staff is really nice too!  
Ill be back in February so hopefully I have courage to try something different................ like their tosilog............then get the Adobo Omelet to go!! Hahaha!
Ever since my cousin introduced me to this place, I have to make a stop.. every time I'm in vegas.

Adobo Omelet.

It can feed 2.

It's AMAZING.

That's all :)
Alooooohaaa!!! Been to this spot like 5 times and I've always got their Adobo Fried Rice Omelet. I figure that all Islander restaurants have the same menu... but what place has an adobo omelet?? Exactly....

The omelet is filled with pork adobo chunks and all the rice is pretty much soaked in the sauce. No complaints. The egg is probably like 3 eggs that is cooked just right. They also add green onions to the egg, which I think is awesome! I like to put Siracha on top to give it some spicy hotness. Yummmmmm..... the omelet is huge so if you're not a heavy eater, then I suggest that you share it =)

I also get a spam musubi to go for the long car ride or the hour flight back to San Diego. I usually get my musubi's dry, I don't like the sauce they put in it. Service is great there and the omelet is on point... I'm sure the other items are good, you just have to read the other people's reviews to find out about them.

Not aloha hello... aloha goodbye!! Cheeeehooo!!
I've been craving their food since last time I was in Vegas and it was just right that I came back ... craving for more!

Since the friend and I were running low on energy... plus we had to watch a show in an awkward time... why not load up now!?

We did just that...

I finally tried their Adobo Fried Rice Omelette with a side of spam masubi... with coconut juice... HEAVEN. I ate 75% of the omelette... it was honestly delicious! I also inhaled the spam masubi!

Friend got the loco moco (since he never had it before...) and he devoured it. He wanted to trade when we got our food... I said no. Yes, I'm mean... but when a girl is hungry... you don't mess with my food!

Our total for all our stuff... $20+ = our cheapest meal this past weekend!

Definitely try it out folks... it's so close to the strip... you won't get disappointed!

PS: they had tapsilog for $4.99... was so tempted to get it but that would be gluttony overload. Next time... hopefully they'll still have it!
Always on my list of food stops in Vegas. I don't ever order anything but the adobo fried rice omelet. It never fails to satisfy -- it's cheap and filling. It's big enough to share (but you won't want to). Enough said.
We always grab a bite here when we land in Vegas. Usually a morning flight so the adobo fried rice omelet hits the spot... Lately I've been getting a bento box and a spam musubi. Bento box consists of beef & chicken teriyaki, a slice of spam and a scoop of macaroni salad over rice. Don't forget the furikake on top of the rice. All of it is delish. Food is cheap. Service is good. Order at the counter, they give you a number and your food is brought to you. Can't go to Vegas without stopping by Aloha Kitchen.
What can I say about this place......Its BOMB DIGGITY!!!  Always go here everytime I go to vegas, right before we make the drive back home to San Diego. Always order the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet! I've also tried the Oxtail Soup here but does not compare to California Hotel's Oxtail Soup. The omelet portion can probably feed a small family of three but I've always finished it by myself feeling food coma right after. There is no place like Aloha kitchen, highly highly recommend trying their Adobo Omelet spectacular!!
What can be said about this place that isn't good? I love Aloha Kitchen! It's probably my favorite Hawaiian joint in town.

I've never had anything bad from Aloha, but these are my favorites:

Corned Beef and Hash w/ 2 Eggs - $4.99
Tapsilog w/ 2 Eggs - $4.99 (This usually runs out in the afternoon)
Aloha Plate (Teriyaki Chicken and Beef w/ Chicken Katsu) - $7.59
Manapua - $1.50
Lumpia Shanghai - $2.99

As long as this place is open, I'll be a valued customer. Friendly and quick service, along with tasty food.
ADM, I heart Aloha Kitchen.  I've lived on Maui and Oahu and have not found a local mixed plate spot that rivals Aloha Kitchen.  Back in my days at UNLV, I used to frequent this place; and I still have yet to find anything as great.  Teri-combo along with some lumpia shanghai and extra mac salad- I ordered this every time without fail.  When I go back to Vegas, two places are on my radar: Aloha Kitchen and In-n-Out.  If I had to chose between the two, I'd say goodbye to In-n-Out any day.
I had my first loco moco here. What an awesome dish.

So close to UNLV and reasonably priced. I will always have a special place in my heart for Aloha Kitchen. Awww.
Good food, decent prices, and pretty casual. Best of all, they have a ton of space so groups are fine and they are never packed.
This place is a must stop whenever we are in vegas... and its usually the last meal before a long drive home back to southern california... 

Does it help I'm a Filipino who loves Hawaii? Yeah...but it probably helps more that I'm a glutton for punishment.

I usually order their signature dish, the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette.  It tastes like Mom's cooking... but instead of a runny egg, its omelette style...very clever.  Pair this with a Lilikoi Hawaiin Sunrise drink... and you're set.

Their other hawaiin dishes are ok, and their silogs (filipino breakfasts) are also pretty decent, overall its a great place to grub.

The only thing I felt wasn't really good was their Ox Tail Soup.  What I figured was KareKare, or some kind of Nilaga...was not... the broth was pretty tasteless.

Workers here a young, probably highschool or UNLV students... and mostly asian/filipino/hawaiin... so usually pretty cute ;) Cute girls tha work in a restaurant always makes my food taste better.
All my friends who have been here make it a point to make a stop here at least once while they're in Vegas. We came here on our way back home from Vegas. I kept hearing all these great things about their adobo fried rice omelet which sounded so intriguing! I like adobo, and I like omelets so that sounded like a win-win already. It's a pretty decent sized restaurant with another room in the back with more seats. Our group of 12 was able to push together seats and tables so we can all sit together. We ordered separately and they give you a number placard to put on your table. So we all ordered one by one and sat waiting at our table. 

Service: Pretty disappointing. The food started coming out at the same time, some dishes took longer than others but for the most part people who ordered the same item got theirs at the same time. Then it started to slow down and about 6 people had their food already but only 2 people were given forks. We had to constantly remind our server to bring out forks, etc. to us. After 10 more minutes almost all of us got our food except for one person... when everyone else who ordered the same exact dish already had theirs and was halfway through eating it by then. No joke, it took another 10-15 minutes for his dish to finally come out. I asked our server, Ana if they had forgotten about his dish to which she replied no. mm hmm, because it always takes about 30 minutes to make one more tapsilog right? We got the food with no explanation or even acknowledgment that it was late. After that whenever I needed something I went right up to the counter so I didn't have to wait. I would understand if the restaurant was packed, but at the time we were there it wasn't. 

Food: This is at least the good part. The food was good here. We ordered the adobo omelet which was excellent on both aspects. I like to think of it as adobo fried rice with a better presentation of the egg portion. Like I said, you can't go wrong with adobo & an omelet. I also ordered the Loco Moco, which was also good. I thought it was very similar to L&L's Loco Moco, but then again since I waited for everyone to get their food it was cold by the time I ate it- still good anyway. 


Since I base my ratings on my overall experience at a restaurant (service, food, & ambiance), I had to knock off stars for the service portion.  Hey, what can I say, service can make or break your experience am I right?  At least the food was good enough for me to come back again next time I'm in Vegas.  Maybe I'll try one of the other locations though instead and hope for a better time.
3 words: Adobo Fried Rice 

^_^
Go here for your Hawaiian food / filipino fix!  I always get the Adobo Omlett!! so good...but i have had Chicken Katsu from here and other food.  Def  a must if you are sick from the vegas buffets.
Whenever I am craving Kalbi ribs, I go here. It's right next to UNLV and a great alternative to the fast food burger joints that saturate the area. I usually call in an order and pick it up on my way home, which is very convenient and very quick: 10 min at the most. Everyone is very friendly and the restaurant is simple and clean.

I have heard the adobo friend rice omelet is awesome. I still have yet to try it. But I trust the hype. How can you go wrong with adobo and fried rice?? 

Oh, don't forget to look out for the specials and UNLV student discounts. They also sell delicious Hawaiian Sun drinks to quench your thirst. Yum!
I have been here twice. The first time I ordered the adobo fried rice omelette. It was really good. The only other time I have eaten that was at Babycakes. Aloha Kitchen's is just as good, but makes a better lunch. I would definitely order it again. 

The second time I ordered the Kalbi combo and my wife ordered the mix plate. Both were good, but I think I liked the mix plate just a little better than the Kalbi combo. 

Aloha Kitchen has an impressive menu, reasonable prices, and good food. I will definitely be back.
ordered the calbi ribs and instead of rice switched it with two scoops of their macaroni salad. Pretty solid lunch if you ask me. Enough to get you satisfied and through the day. Although the ribs turned up a little burnt, but  it didn't bother me.
Okay so up til today, I'd have to say I liked this place...sometimes over Ross J's Aloha Grill...There. .. I said it.  The reason? Well I really do love the Korean Chicken Teriyaki bowl at Ross J's...its only $3.50 plus they give you extra sauce if you ask...free of charge...   I alternate between this and the Aloha Kitchen's Chicken Teriyaki bowl for several of the following reasons:

1)The sauce at Ross J's is a bit on the salty side...AK has sweeter sauce.
2) I get really good service at AK and when i study at UNLV=convenience 
3) The portions have been more than adequate..(The chicken rice bowl as well as the Local plate)

Why they now down to 2 star rather than 4.5 star in my book ? ..

    Local plate no longer comes with RICE! WTH? They were really nice and just offered the rice after I made it a point to pay for a side portion of the rice so that was cool of them.  But i was quite taken back by their explanation of why this place no longer adds the rice in this $7.59 combination plate ( The menu says that all combos are served with rice and mac salad) "We don't add the rice anymore because we put rice in the musubi!" Okay..first of all...if you are going to offer spam musubi..it comes with rice on its own...it isn't good business to try to skim customers out of clearly what was printed on all the menus.  You don't advertise a plate with spam masubi and give customers the spam and tell them to pay extra for the rice do you? Vice versa...you shouldn't sell something with spam musubi and say that the rice is now counted as part of a dish and the portion of the rice that has always been included with it is no longer included! The employee was nice and told me that she has told management to change it on the menu...Problem is the rationale for excluding the rice now is irrational. 

I have always been happy with paying the extra 50 cents for extra sauce (although Ross J's never charged) because i liked it so much and i wanted to support the business.  But after today, i feel disappointed with this place...

Lastly, I ordered Mixed vegetables for a friend...opened the container and was really disappointed by their version of the mixed vegetables.  There was only cabbage and a few strands of onion...($1.99 for mixed veggies).  I think if you were going to charge this price..at least add a few for types of veggies..broccoli, bean sprouts ...carrots..something..not just plain cabbage that costs pennies on the dollar..
If you are in the area, like this sort of Hawaiian food ...the portion is okay...decent flavor & its still way better than L&L.  Unfortunately I don't like how this place does business.   Ross J's=You are still my #1 favorite..

Thumbs down...
Besides from all the fast food places surrounding campus, this is the place to go when I want a meal I won't feel *too* guilty about and something that is quick. I usually order the miso soup with rice when I'm in a hurry/want something light, but I also adore the chicken katsu and mahi mahi dishes.

Not being too big of a fan because most of their food is a tad bit greasy for my tasting, its convenient for me because I could simply walk across the street from a study break from my classes and it's not a far distance. This location isn't that busy, but usually has a college crowd that passes through.
They're OK. I use to right them off completely because the quality of food never compared to back home, price, frequently got bad service, and prefered the other hawaiian place that was down the road towards harmon ave (which closed down awhile back).  But they slowly improved and earned my approval. prices are mid range. lots of seating, pretty good menu selection. good location. short walk between clasess for UNLV students.
Adobo fried rice omlette!!!!!!!!!!! Enough said. 

Friendly good ppl. 

intersection: maryland/tropicana. not too far from strip at all. 

I will hit this place everytime when Im in vegas now.
Have you heard enough about the adobo omelet yet?  Let's say it's legit n tasty and move on, haha.  Not very strong tasting, but still good, even better w/some hot sauce.

The tapsilog is also yummy!! It's super strong tasting

Spam musubi's just alright.. 

Yay for unlimited drink refills

I believe there's siracha but u gotta ask for it.
Adobo Rice Omelette is okay. That's probably the best menu item. Don't get the Chinese Pork Rice Omelette... definitely not a good combination. 

I'm mostly writing this review because their service (whether it's 10AM on a Monday or not) was super ridiculous. I don't know how much those two employees care about their job, but don't jip us our white rice from our $8 COMBINATION PLATTER because "we didn't ask for rice when we ordered." UHHH, it's a freaking $8 combo platter, we better get rice with it. 

And the employees that morning were also trying to charge my friend $1.60 for a to-go water cup, but decided to giver her a break. :| Whaaaack. 

Definitely forgettable. Same thing as L&L just worse service.
I ordered one local plate and a chicken adobo omelette.


Local Plate:

Rice only comes with the plate upon request? Really? The reason I was given was "because a lot of people don't eat it." I've never come across that anywhere else. 

Also, the macaroni salad comes in a 4oz sauce container. Come on.

The chicken and beef were pretty good, however. It's a shame you don't get much more than that, and it's definitely not worth the $8 it comes out to.

Chicken Adobo Omelette:

The portion for this item was actually a good size, enough for two, so I was happy in that regard.

The combination itself was decent. The fried rice and egg were good, but the adobo itself was on the dry side.

If only I had known about the adobo sauce, which I did not know was, again, available upon request only.


The food was alright, the portions are hit and miss, but the general tomfoolery of my experience gives me a reason to never come back.
pretty easy finding this place since there a burger place near it that looks like a gamestop. the adobo omellette was really good, it was just a tad bit dry. nothing a little sabaw (sauce) couldnt fix. the cashier was really friendly and the vibe was really nice. i would definitely go again.
First stop as i arrived in vegas with two of my boys. Recommended by friends so we decided to give it a try and it didnt disappoint. 

Pros:
- Largeeeeeeeeeeeee portions! Enough to feed two people easily!
-Cheap price! Plates i saw went between $7- $9. 
- Try the Adobo fried rice omelet. Gigantic omelet that comes with pork adobo (wish they had chicken adobo) garlic fried rice i think, wrapped eggy goodness. Just be careful, it comes really hot so you might want it to cool down a bit
-Parking easy
- Plenty room to eat
-Quick and polite service

Cons:
-my only con was that they had a variety of hawaiian sun drinks but no pog! how are you going to be a hawaiian place with no pog! that klnda disappointed but not enough to knock out a star

Definitely will make this a routine of making this place my first place to hit up when i get to vegas. I shall see you again aloha kitchen!
Here it is short & sweet.......GARLIC CHICKEN with xtra gravy!!!! It is the best I have had. Portions are generous and prices are reasonable. The adobo can be on the salty side sometimes but is good. The Adobo Fried Rice Omelet though is........... OOOOOOONNNNNNOOOO!!!! You have to try for yourself. They only get 4 stars cuz they no can make up da mind where dey goin build in CA. Hurry Up!!!!
I prefer to order my food over the phone, and it really takes a little less than 10 minutes for the food to be ready. I find it weird that there are two areas to dine in yet everyone's seated in view of the counter. I wonder if people just aren't allowed to sit in the bigger room?

Anyway, my favorite is the kalbi plate. The sour kimchee obviously came from a jar (I forgot what the brand is) but it's okay. I had the local plate before and I only liked the spam musubi. I also like their adobo omelette...sometimes. It can either be tasty or too dry and bland. 50/50. It's probably a good idea to ask for extra adobo sauce to guarantee flavor. 

I gave up on trying any other items on the menu because they never seem to have anything. No oxtail soup, no laulau, no bbq pork.. dang it! So I just go for the Kalbi plate if I want flavor, or an adobo omelette if I feel like enjoying leftovers.
never disappoints!

the adobo fried rice omelette keeps me coming back!  everything is else (chicken katsu, adobo, lumpia) is good too but not craveable.  that omelette tho, IS CRAVEABLE.  

see you guys there!
The Good:  My friend goes here every time he is in Las Vegas.  Why?  because of the adobe fried rice omelette.  Yes, it's that good, it's pork fried rice stuffed into a thinly cooked egg.  I wasn't sure about an omelette made with rice, but you know what, it works.

The Bad:  I'm not sure about the other items on the menu.  My friend got the Local plate and he ate like 4 bites.  The meat was fatty and greasy.

The Ben:  Tough call on eating here or walking over to Smashburger which is in the small strip mall.  Unless you are in the mood for a adobe fried rice omelette, go to Smash!
A friend heard we were going to Vegas for the weekend and recommended that we hit this place up and try the adobo fried rice omelette and Jesus H Christ I'm glad he did! I'd say one of the many highlights of the weekend was this dish. Great remedy for that long night of clubbing and drinking. 

I took the advice of fellow yelpers and asked for extra adobo sauce with my omelette but didn't really need it. I thought they made mine perfect. It wasn't dry or anything and tasted like real home cooked adobo. GREASY! Though, I can probably state that the 5 stars are based solely on the adobo fried rice omelette. My friends ordered the katsu and teriyaki chicken plates, and they didn't seem too impressed....they kept taking scoops at my omelette D= even though there was more than enough for one person..I'd say it can feed 2 people.

This is one thing that I cant phrase with "what happens in vegas, stays in vegas" because I hope this place opens a location in San Diego...I made that perfectly clear on their suggestions sheet up front hahaha
Great hawaiian food, like being on the islands.. exactly what a hawaiian place should be, cheap, great food in a friendly atmosphere, simple dishes with plenty of mac salad and spam. good stuff. its a few miles off the strip so it'll give you a feel of what vegas is like outside the glitz and glamor.

there were locals, college kids, and regular, blue collar people eating there (that says something... it's good)

i highly recommend!
This is a MUST eat in Vegas! D-licious. Adobo fried rice omelet is UH-Mazing!
finally went here and being filipino i had to try the adobo fried rice.
soooooo good. and it's super huge!

pretty close to the strip
the guy who was working there seemed super disoriented and weird and kept making mistakes, but it just ended up being entertainment for my friend and i haha

of course i saved the huge leftovers for later that night when i needed to eat after being super drunk :)
Love it! I have been eating here since 2005. I have eaten at many Hawaiian restaurants in town and Aloha Kitchen is the best.

I have tried many dishes here and none disappoint. There are a few that especially stand out. The chicken katsu is the absolute best katsu I have ever tasted in my life. It is not some thin breaded, greasy chicken piece of crap like most places will serve you. It is a juicy chicken thigh breaded to perfection and sliced up. This is definitely my favorite dish. Also, the BBQ chicken is quite tasty. They always grill it fresh which is awesome, but it can take awhile to get to you. It takes about 20 minutes to make, but it is worth the wait. Can't forget the student special; for under 5 bucks you get a teriyaki chicken bowl and a drink. It is enough to fill you up on the cheap.

On the other hand, I have been there a couple times and the food was not fresh and it tasted like straight shat. This only happened to me a couple of times out of the hundreds of times I have been there. It seems this tends to happen when it is busy during lunch time, so try to avoid lunch time.
A good place to eat adobo omelet. Highly recommended. Price is right. You need to try this when you are in the area. Big serving... One order maybe food for 2 people.

Just recommend the management to improve the cleanliness of the restaurant and the bathroom to be more presentable.
3.5 Stars. I found rice in Vegas!!! The Tapsilog Special (marinated beef, rice and 2 eggs ~$4.99) hit the spot. I also got to try the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet, Spam Masubi and a Mixed Plate. Everything we had was pretty good. Cute restaurant and friendly service. Thank you to my facebook friends and fellow Yelpers who checked-in here and helped lead me to Aloha Kitchen. We'll be back.
Ever heard of the infamous Freshmen 10? yes... Aloha kitchen was the main reason of my freshmen 10. LOL

Location: 4/5Because its so conveniently close to UNLV campus I found my self enjoying a beef bowl or a teriyaki burger a little too often. Thus how I got the "freshmen 10" but this place is super close to UNLV campus they also have student specials. The parking lot is easy to get into but getting out is a bit hard because Maryland parkway is always busy.

Food: 3/5 I keep it simple here, Teriyaki bowl and maybe I'll spring for a Spam Musubi or a side of kimchi. The Teriyaki bowl is decent, they're not heavy on the sauce here so that's a bit disappointing. The jasmin rice is perfect. I love their spam musubi its like the broke college students food other than ramen. Their kimchi isn't the best its not fresh nor is it tasty. It's soggy. 

Price: 3/5 You get what you pay for. This place is cheap and the food is pretty decent, I like their other locations especially the one on Charleston a lot better. 

Cleanliness: 0/5 This place is a mess, they have trays stacking with empty bowls and dishes of the past customers piling up. This was a super turn off when I walked through the door.
Oh man. This place will be the death of me. I ate here for lunch 3 times in the past week. The food comes in large servings and is always filling. I don't think there has been a time where I was ever really disappointed with my food either. It's so good I randomly start craving it throughout the day! 

My favorite thing to order there is the Kalbi Ribs. It comes with plenty of kalbi, two scoops of rice, your choice of mac salad or kimchi, and sauce for the ribs all for $7.99. I don't know what it is about it..but it's so dang addicting! If you are looking to save some money, their chicken teriyaki is pretty good too. You can get that in the student special which is only $4.49. 

Feeling like eating just a snack? Get a spam musubi! They are quite addicting and quite delicious. You can get a decent sized musubi for $1.99. 

What you waiting for? Go get some lunch at Aloha Kitchen right now!
I am sorry but this place is so good. It is super large inside and the staff is always friendly/helpful. My fav is the bento box, it is about $8. They also have student deals and a water cooler with glasses next to the counter if you do not want soda. Cool and relaxing place.
Everything I had was unimpressive and bland. Adobo fried rice omlet was ugh. Mahi was meh. Shrimps were shrimps. Scallops were half battered and over fried. They looked like machine cogs. Hard and hideous. Inedible. I uploaded a picture of them - two of them sitting on a styrofoam lid. Check them out for yourself. No good folks. No good.
I lived in Hawaii (on Oahu & Maui) for 11 years (1981-92), and on the US Mainland, it's difficult to find truly delicious Hawaiian cuisine.  ALOHA KITCHEN solves that problem, superbly.

I first saw this establishment in the 1990s, shortly after enrolling in some post-Graduate courses at nearby UNLV, and decided to give them a try.

My favorite dish is Kalua Pig, and I must say that it tasted every bit as good here, as it did in the islands.  It turns out that this is a family-owned company, and the folks there are from Hawaii also, so they KNOW how Hawaiian dishes are supposed to taste.

If you've never enjoyed the flavor of the islands, you're in for a very special treat, and I heartily urge you to stop by sometime, to give their many menu items a true sampling.

It's my belief that you will enjoy dining there, as much as I do.
When to this place with very high expectations. After a successful Vegas trip for my friends birthday, what more to end the trip with a good place to eat before a long drive back to San Diego. The whole trip, there was a huge hype for Aloha kitchen being the Bomb.com and all that... I was amazed how my first and last  experience was the worst service I EVER had at any place I have eaten at (literally). 

My friends and I get there, and it did not seems busy at all. Just about a 1/3 of the restaurant was full. We were impressed with the menu items and we were excited to place our order. We sit down... wait... wait... wait.... and wait... then waited some more... 30 mins pass. With no acknowledgement of the staff that we have been waiting for so long and still no food. Then we see the another group of people who already ordered and sat down, get up and complained about the wait. Then they were told that their food has not even started cooking... I felt bad for them, as I am sure that they were waiting over an hour and nothing. Then the started to ask for a refund... then finally their food came out..

I was thinking, if their food is starting to come out... then our food should come out soon after a 45 mins of waiting. One of my friends went to go check on our food, and one of the ladies, stated that they just started cooking it. WTF really? 10-15 mins later.. our food started to come out and they were serving us the food that we did not even order. We tried to nice about it but the service was horrible. After straightening about ordered what.. Then find out that one of my friends and MY order has not even started cooking... WOW WTF!!!?!?!?!!??!! we waited... over an hour and nothing... WOW pathetic... I then complained to what is going on... why is everything taking so long and they made the excuse that there was no cooks or the cook who was suppose to be an hour earlier when we ordered, just came in.. 

Thank you for the courtesy of letting us know ahead of time so we could have at least thought about eating here... Thank you for not compensating anything for the time we have wasted waiting for our food and to find out that it was not even put in to be cooked. I simply asked if they can compensate us for a simple drink for the long wait.. and we got denied like it was our fault. ARE YOU FREAKEN KIDDING ME!?!? Asked for a refund, and it was a hassle for even getting my money back.

Finally... there was some acknowledge from the staff that there was something actually going on... that they were backed up yadda yadda... that would have been greatly appreciated hmmmm.... an hour ago when we first placed our order.

Honestly, I am not a negative person. I am really patient and I can understand that we are human and we all make mistakes, but I was not going to put up for any BS as that is all I got at ALOHA KITCHEN. 

NEVER AGAIN GOING TO THIS PLACE AND WILL NEVER RECOMMEND ANYONE TO EAT HERE.  

TIP FOR MANAGEMENT: CONSIDER NEW STAFF 

This is not a review, this is a hate letter to this place for the time and you have taken away from my life.
Three stars for the pork dish I had, the rest was just OK. The mahi mahi my husband ordered tasted like it was battered in 12 eggs. It was like a plain omelet and very very bland! The chicken katsu wasn't anything special either. Service was ok. The food came out quickly and unlike other reviewers we didn't have to wait very long. Everyone was very friendly for the most part, and the place is clean, but I didn't enjoy the food, so I won't go back!
Horrible service when theres a lot of people. Expect a wait of over an hour. Honestly if they werent so cheap and hired more staff members, people would be happy.

On the other hand, food was great. so +1
Location was very easy to find and parking was not so bad, another +1
Food ordered took over an hour to get to us, so -1
Staff was very unfriendly, another -1
Finally, the person working the register, wanted to charge me for a cup of water since i forgot to ask when i ordered. WHO DOES THAT?!. -1 for sure.

Overall, foods great but with such horrible service.
This place has a lot of potential but they lack a good staff.
The wait was sorta ridiculous, I waited over 30 minutes for my food. I don't think the wait was worth the quality of the food. The ordering system was really disorganized. The waitress didn't know who's number belong to each food. If you're looking for mediocre food with time to spare then this place is up your alley.
bring it on!

if you're in vegas and want some post drunken food the next day, then try aloha kitchen! it get's really crowded especially during lunch time on saturday. wait time is probably 20-30 min to get your food. flavor wise, i prefer "back home in lahaina". first time i tried this place, my friends recommended the adobo fried rice omelette - huge portion and greasy. what do you expect? i usually get the tapsilog and lumpia shanghai on the side. the pork adobo wasn't bad and the katsu was okay. will definitely come back again (it's a tradition) and try other things on the menu! check out the picture i posted.
Love this place! Use to come here all the time after school , conveniently located right next to UNLV. Their meats are good everything tastes fresh suggest ordering the Mix plate along with their shanghai lumpia. portions seem a litlte small compared to other hawaiian food places but i sitll recommend it.
The line went out the door, so i would advise ordering for pick up. 

+1 great prices
+1 LOVE the SPAM masubi
+1 generous portions
+1 it tasted pretty authentic to me. Way better than L&L
+1 a big menu. There was filipino food, hawaiian food, and burgers/fries
Janette and I split an Adobo Fried Rice omelette.

Seriously this thing was as big as my forearm but as thick as my calves. Ginormous but I think it tasted too much like home cooking that I felt like I could make this haha. The adobo fried rice was very vinegary and still a bit sticky, and less fried rice like, to a point where it felt like it was just adobo and rice wrapped in an omelette instead of fried rice being placed in an omelette

Still the price and volume for food you get is good.
I gave this a fair review because it is not the place or the food that is bad, it is me. The food was just wayyy to much for me and I felt really sick after i ate it. I guess it just doesn't sit well with my stomach. Now don't get me wrong the food was BOMB, but I don't care to ever go back there!
heard a lot of great things about this place. so while i was in vegas this past weekend i had to swing by.

cute little hawaiian joint, i ordered the adobo fried rice omelette. holy crap! that thing can feed 2 people. the portions are very generous. it was very gooood too! i do have to say it doesn't taste like real adobo but it's still pretty damn good.

i'd come here again most definitely!!
Another place to get rice in Vegas!! Just off the strip, but worth the drive if you're craving some rice.

Kali's and Katsura combo $7.59 - everything was good, but the pork could have been better.

The Adobo Omlette is pretty good here. I need to go back and try the tapsilog.
Its okay at best.

Food is average. I order the kalua pork with cabbage its ok. there wasn't much food or flavor. 

If your looking for hawaiian food do not come here.....

Ive been to hawaii many times...
adobo fried rice, yes, please!  okay, maybe it's not the best adobo in the world, but it feeds the filipino in me and makes me long to be in hawaii all at once.  and hell, they have spam and corned beef on the menu!  feels like home...w/o having to do the dishes.
I was picking up books at UNLV earlier this week and I spotted the joint hidden away in a corner and I knew I had to give it a shoot. I took my mom there for lunch today and we ordered a Kahlua Katsu Combo and a Kalbi Combo. My mom is the pickiest eater and I never expected her to be lighting up fireworks about this place, she hated Island Flavor and was alright with Island Style. 

The Kahlua Katsu combo consisted of two sides of rice, the juiciest most flavorful kahlua pig and a huge cutlet of chicken katsu, the sauce was right on point. My Kalbi combo had a side of rice, OMG yummy macaroni salad! It had tiny pieces of celery and I absolutely hate celery but I couldn't even tasted it and I was in love. The plate also came with a super crispy teriyaki chicken, kalbi ribs that tasted like they came off the grill and a generous portion of chicken katsu with the yummy sauce. 

I'm surprise the rating isn't much higher. This is some of the top Hawaiian yummies I've ever had! Let's start with the prices, WOW, it's cheap and you are in for a big surprise. We ate all that food and two refillable soft drinks for $20 bucks and some spare change. I definitely recommend it. The place was packed so it must not be just me that thinks it's well worth it and highly recommended.
I have been here a few times and to be honest I think it is good, but no good enough to earn 4 or 5 stars, if possible I might give it 3.5.
I would have to say that my current favorite thing here is the Kalua Pork; every time it is tender and delicious. If it wasn't for the Kalua Pork, my review would be lower.  I have also tried the katsu, bbq chicken and teryaki chicken, all of which are good, but does not blow me away.  The food here is simple, which I can appreciate.  It usually consists of your chosen meat, rice and a side of macaroni salad.  I think the macaroni salad is a little bland and heavy on the mayo flavor, but not terrible.  All in all this place is reasonably priced and turns out decent food.
WOW. This place is bomb dot com.

I came here for the first time last month after seeing so many of my friends eat here so i decided to try this place before embarking on my 4 hour drive back to Los Angeles.

It's not the most upscale place to eat at. Far from it, actually. But regardless of the interior, their food is G.O.O.D!!!! You walk up to the counter to order then they bring your food to you at the tables. There's plenty of seating, but PS, this place gets really busy on Sundays during lunch.

I ordered the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette with a side of corned beef. OH-EM-GEE let me tell you, the corned beef was amazeballs!!! I think it was the best tasting corned beef that I have ever had in my life!!! The adobo fried rice omelette was a HUGE portion. UHMAYZINGGGGGG as well. I dont know why I havent been to this place before. I was seriously enjoying every single bite of my food

My friend got the locomoco and I tried it and thought it was really good as well, not too salty.

I'm for sure making Aloha Kitchen a must-go-to spot whenever I'm in Vegas. I'm hoping they open their California location in Cerritos!!! (PLEASEEEEE!!!) 

Try it! I pinky promise that you wont regret it! ;)
I honestly don't know what the hype is over this place.  I've eaten here a few times and don't get me wrong the food tastes good, but it definitely doesn't stand out compared to other Hawaiian restaurants like 808 Mixed Plate, Island Flavor, or Aloha Specialties.  The place does have Filipino bias as well for some of their dishes compared to other Hawaiian spots...ie Adobo Fried Rice Omelette and other Filipino dishes I can't spell.   I've tried the garlic chicken plate here....and I honestly probably wouldn't order it again...the brown gravy just wasn't appetizing on this dish.  I've also tried the kalbi which seems on par with restaurants like L&L.  My favorite dish was the portuguese sausage, eggs, rice...but you can't really mess that up.  If I'm on a time crunch...I'd probably come here and order to go....but I definitely don't think I'll be craving food from Aloha Kitchen...just like I don't have urges to go to L&L when there are other options out there.
YUUMMM ONO-LICIOUS!

mahalo for the great food guys :)

although it's not exactly the same thing as back on islands, it's pretty darn close if you ask me! i love this place and i'll miss it if/when i move out of vegas.
This place quite the bang for your buck!! Its easy to miss if you aren't looking for it. It was very calm inside, not much noise at all. The food was great! Not the best but it's worth more than its priced. Its good overall
I only have one Yelp check in here, however I have been coming here for years. Ever since the first time I lived in the area 10 years ago.  There is something on the menu to satisfy whatever you may be craving.  If you don't want to stray too far from the beaten path then the Mix plate is a good option. Teriyaki chicken and beef, plus some Mahi. All of the plates come with rice and mac salad, which you should try if you have never had it at a Hawaiian spot. Here is a rundown of all the other goodies I have tried there.

Chicken Katsu - On par with the other Hawaiian places I have tried. Usually fairly crispy and not too fatty. The Katsu is offered in a number of different combo plates.

Kalua Pig - One of my favorite things on the menu. The meat is not very fatty at all, I am not a fan of really fatty meat. The pork is served on a bed of shredded cabbage which gives everything a nice crunch.

Chicken Curry - My favorite thing on the menu. This is a brown curry, a little more like Japanese curry than Thai. It comes in a soup container and is full of chicken and veggies. Pour it over the two scoops of rice and it makes the perfect cold weather meal.

Mahi Sandwich - Good for a light meal, I like that the fish is not fried. Served with fries and only a little over $5.

Adobo Fried Rice Omelette - A ton of fried rice inside a cocoon of egg. If you like omelettes and fried rice this will be a revelation. 

Kalbi Ribs - Plenty of meat on the ribs and the sauce is what you would expect, with just the right amount of sweetness.

Lumpia Shanghai - Little eggrolls stuffed full of pork and deep fried. If you have ever had them before you know how addicting they are.

Loco Moco - Eggs and gravy served over a hamburger patty and rice. The quintessential hangover meal. It's warm, filling, and just the right amount of greasy.

Word to the wise, make sure you pick up a menu to see what is in all of the combo plates. The menu on the wall over the register doesn't explain what is in the combo plates. They offer a lot of combos and most of the above items are included in at least some of the combinations.
Two words - ADOBO OMELETTE

Your life will be forever changed. Order for yourself or to share or whatever. :)  

They also have other stuff on their menu, such as, katsu chicken, adobo combo plate, spam msubi.
Was very excited to try another Hawaiian place in the area other then L and L. I had heard Aloha is better then L and L so I was eager to check it out. When I stepped into the restaurant there was one person ahead of me standing in line. As she left I stepped up to the counter and saw a display model of what a plate of food from here looks like. I got excited even thou I noticed the scoop of Mac salad was on a skimpy side. Oh well, I stepped up , ordered my usual fave at a hawaiian place ,chicken katsu plate. Since I noticed the skimpy display of Mac salad I decided to order a extra scoop of Mac salad, because for me the Mac salad is CRUCIAL to enjoying this dish ( I can get fried chicken and rice pretty much anywhere). $2 extra for a extra scoop! Oh well I love the stuff.
As I am sitting waiting for my to go food to get ready, I observe the predicament one of the cashiers is in. They forgot to give the lady that was in front of me the right order. They hurry and call her to ask her to come back so they can give her the right items. About 10 min later she comes back and hands over the "incorrect food." The cashier (with no gloves or anything) opens up all her food boxes and looks at them, then opens up the one they said she is suppose to have. We have 4 workers looking at the open boxes arguing with each other ( all while my food already ready sitting behind the counter getting cold). They finally agree and close the boxes and hand the lady back the SAME items they told her to bring back and said " oh, never mind we didn't mess up.", And just hand her back her bag. No apology for having to turn around and drive back to a restaurant for a mistake of a mistake. I'm sitting down watching this just thinking " man, that gotta suck." As she leaves the cashier calls out my order and hands me my food. I ask for a side of gravy which which she charges me 25 cents for. I pay and get in my car eager to enjoy my food. I get home and open everything up...... And there's only one small scoop of Mac salad :(.
 Now this would not be a big deal, but  the Mac salad is the highlight of a Hawaiian dish for me. Plus since it seems like they have a habit of messing up orders, I will not be returning. The food was good but not so amazing that the service shortcomings can be ignored.  I will not rerun to Aloha, instead I will continue to got to L and L, where my order is always spot on, my Mac salad is plentiful and my gravy is free.
After living on plate lunches on Maui for over 25 years, I miss them greatly here in Texas. Went to Vegas last week and ONY BROKE DA MOUT ONO BRAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wanted to eat there every day, but the wife wouldn't allow it (5 out of 6 days), Food was great!!! Can't wait to go back-extra rice and mac salad everytime!
Tried something new instead of the usual buffets in Vegas.

Venue: large venue with more than enough seating. Located near UNLV in one of their universities plazas. 

Food: I ordered the Mahi-Mahi plate. The fish was battered with egg, which I think is very different; came with macaroni salad and two scoops of rice which is standard. It came out to be about 8.50 for the plate. Overall, the food was good, but I had better. Apparently, people were raving about this place: hawiiaan bbq with a hint of Filipino kick. Most of my friends got the fried rice adobo, which was HUGE! 

Service: Took awhile for the food to come out, but nice older man. He was serving the food and taking orders. Kind-hearted by the way he was approaching the customers.

Verdict: Good, but I wouldn't rave about to Vegas rats.
Every time I am in Vegas, I have to come here. I absolutely love the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette. I have even taken it as part of my carry-on luggage on several flights from Vegas to San Diego / LA. It's a huge omelette stuffed with adobo rice goodness.

I'm hungry just thinking about it. So so so good.

Tips: Call ahead if you're ordering to-go! Service when you're dining in is kinda slow so just be prepared. Lots of other food on the menu but I never want to try anything else.
Dousing everything in overly sweetened teriyaki sauce is not okay. 

Nothing too spectacular here. Nothing that left the urge for me to go back and eat some more of their food. This place is close to UNLV and is convenient for a quick-fix meal. 

The boyfriend loves this place. He gets the Local Plate (beef and chicken teriyaki, 2 spam masubis and macaroni salad with a side of rice) and it usually lasts him the whole day. Big portions. I guess this is alright when you're super duper hungry. 

I do like their loco moco, though. I feel like I'm committing a health crime when I'm eating this. A large plate of rice with a hamburger patty and eggs smothered in brown gravy. It's a very hearty dish and gets kind of old when halfway through the plate. 

I like the fact that you can call ahead your order if it's for to-go. When I call while leaving UNLV, my food is almost always ready by the time I get there. Again, convenient.
Went here on the request of a friend visiting the Las Vegas area. It was conveniently located close to the Strip/UNLV and since it was early on a Saturday (with most people hungover), there was plenty of parking and I'm pretty sure we were the first ones in. Our party ordered 3 different items: Loco Moco, Spam (I know I'm boring) and the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet. Portions were good for the price and they offered your typical Hawaiian drinks. I feel like the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet is just the rice, wrapped around the egg and am not too sure why people go crazy for it... because if I'm eating Adobo Fried Rice, I'm probably going to want a side of eggs anyway (and I think over easy would be better so the yolk gets on your rice). Maybe it's just another Vegas thing I don't really get (I said Earl of Sandwich was just ok too). Comfort food and great company is always good, so if you're nearby, it's worth checking out if you want cheap eats.
I'm giving this restaurant 3 stars based of a few things.  Had this food not tasted so good, it would have gotten 2 stars.  

What I ordered: Tapsilog (beef, rice, and 2 eggs)
How it tasted: delicious! So good, it made me miss home.

Issues:  The portions were really not what I expected.  I ordered it to-go, so it came in a styrofoam container.  There was SO much rice that it filled the whole bottom of the container and they gave me about 7-8 TINY pieces of tapa.  I ordered my eggs over-easy and when I opened my container, the eggs were broken and yolk was everywhere.

Would I come here again?  Maybe not this particular location, but I would order from Aloha Kitchen again.  Expect an update on this review from another location.
Best Hawaiian Grinds at affordable prices!
Ok first and last time here.  Tried the adobo fried rice omelette the rice is bland! I also had a custom order made which was incorrect. I told the cashier I cannot have pork in it. Asked if they can substitute the adobo for chicken katsu. He asked the cook and the cook says no that the rice already has the adobo mixture. I'm like ok can you do just chicken katsu and egg omelette? (Since no attempt on fresh rice will be made) the cook's expression was like it was a burden. Really? What's hard of cooking made to order eggs and put cooked chicken in it. Well when I finally get to my destination and hubby went to open his food why was their rice with pork in it? I am very disappointed!
This place is okay. Chicken katsu is the standard crispy panko fried chicken. Avoid the mahi mahi, it tastes like its either not fresh or been frozen too long. I tried my friend's adobo fried rice omelet, which was good. 

Overall its an okay hawaiin place with hearty portion sizes.
When I want to rice overload, I usually come here. I get a local plate, extra spam musubi, and extra macaroni salad. The local plate consists of teriyaki chicken, beef, and 2 spam musubi. Yep, I can certainly fit all that in my tummy. It just takes me awhile to finish it all. 

Service isn't too exceptional, but has a home-y feel to it. It is close to campus and they also offer some nice student specials.
Yum adobo fried rice omelette! You gotta try it at least once. Haven't seen it anywhere else. Have to make this my go to whenever I'm in vegas now.
I love this place, I try to go here at least once everytime i'm in vegas, alot of times i fail because i'm too hungover. But the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette (sunny side up egg) is a must try. Oxtail soup, a must try. Just dank all this greatness with Sriracha too. It's not pricey considering the amount of food they give you (typical filipinos). It's off the strip, easy to get too and plenty of places to sit.
Portuguese omelette is good. Go for it!
sigh... i use to eat here when i was in college. and now i ate there today and had good rice and spam... but what tasted like day old chicken and tough beef on the bento box. it did not leave a good impression on me. i really loved eating there during college. sigh how things do change.  sadly i know the aloha at the california hotel or ross j would have been a better idea to assuage my hawaiian cravings...
Good food and service was excellent. What more can you ask for?

Came here with the BF and my bro after a long night of drinking. My bro highly recommended this place. I'm glad he did. Food was absolutely delicious.

The server/cashier greeted us with a smile as soon as we walked in. She was extremely helpful since it was our first time here, and was quick to recommend a few item to us. 

The BF and I decided to go with her recommendation and ordered the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette and the Spam omelette. Yum!! Both items were tasty and flavorful. The perfect cure to a hangover. We left satisfied.

We will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.
Love this place!!
Made this stop our last stop on our Vegas vacation before heading back home to  San Diego. Smart choice. The food satisfied our appetite! I ordered the adobo fried rice omelette, my daughter had the topsilog plate, my husband had the local plate...all were yummy. Fried rice portion is huge! The only thing I would change is the teriyaki chicken...it seems like it was fried and teriyaki sauce poured over it. Nothing compares to authentic food from hawaii, but Aloha Kitchen is pretty close.
Food stop whenever we visit sin city. Gotta have the adobo omelette for dining in and one for the road! Fast and friendly service as well.
I hardly ever go to this location and today I went there with friends. It was empty, overpriced and the beef on the rice was cold. Very disappointing. The one on Decatur is on their game though! :)
During my niece's basketball tournament, we decided to drive to Aloha Kitchen around the corner from UNLV to enjoy a quick lunch.  I was stoked, because this is one of my favorite Hawaiian food places in the valley.  

The location is definitely located in a sketchy area.  Next to In-N-Out on Maryland and Tropicana, I feel like they were trying to target the students at UNLV.  I feel bad for someone walking to location at night.  Definitely a dangerous looking area.  The reason for my low score is the staff.  There's a little Filipino looking girl with a name starting with a V (I think Veronica) that works there.  First off, when there are a lot of people in line, she definitely seems to crack under pressure.  No smile, no small talk, sighing at requests all the time and giving attitude.  I was not a fan at all.  I was even going to go as far as to send a message to the owner of the restaurant, informing them of this rude behavior.  I was with a group of 20.  I understand that amount can get super overwhelming, however, she is definitely in the industry to create the best experience for every customer.  At one point, I asked her for more water as the pitchers on the side were empty.  She looked at me, rolled her eyes, sighed a little and took the pitcher from my hands.  LIVID I was!

Now that I'm done ranting, here's what I got:

For lunch, I got the Aloha plate for $7.99 and (2) spam musubis for $1.99 each.  The musubi was super good!  Different textures like the sticky rice, fried and salty spam and the crunchy seaweed that held everything together!  Although I ordered the Aloha plate, when I got back to the gym, I discovered that I actually got the adobo plate!  I was so pissed because that's not what I wanted!!!  In the adobo plate, though, it comes with a bunch of pork chunks cooked in vinegar and soy sauce, with two scoops of rice.  What made me more mad was the fact that the adobo to me was dry.  It came in a to-go bowl with lots of the soup it was cooked in, however, the meat was still dryer than I'm used to.  Not happy at all.  

I love me some Aloha Kitchen, however, I was not a fan of this place at all.  I know they usually do a great job at the other locations so I'm not going to refrain from coming back just because of this experience.  This location, however, needs to get it together and step up the service!
CHEAP EATS.

Big portions.

Great place for comfort food and lots of seating.
I come in here a bunch, and always get a Kalbi Rib plate or a side of Kalbi Ribs with extra cabbage. I absolutely love this place. I get great quality of food (& a massive amount) that is inexpensive. The people working always seem to be in a great mood. If it's slow I tend to have great conversations with the cashiers while I hear the kitchen laughing. If ever I go in with a bad mood, I always leave with a smile. :]
Whenever I am in Vegas I try to make a point to visit.

Good food, great prices, fast service.

Kalbi Combo, Adobo Fried Rice, Kalbi Ribs, Hawaiian Plate
First of all, if you're a true lover of adobo, you MUST try the adobo fried rice omelet! It is probably one of my favorite omelets I've ever had in my lifetime. This place is a mixture of hawaiian and filipino breakfast, which I love. I also had the Hawaiian plate which came with kalbi ribs which were tender and just the right amount of sweetness to savory. Portion size is just enough to make you full. Next time I am in Vegas, I am definitely stopping by again.
I have been going to Aloha kitchen for years now and it certainly does fit into the budget of college students who order the student special, which consist of a Teriyaki chicken and a fountain drink. The chicken is pretty tasty and comes with the skin on, however if you're trying to be healthy you can ask for no skin. I have ordered it without the skin and it's just not the same and isn't as good. If you don't opt for the drink it's even cheaper which is just $4 and some change. When I'm broke I actually don't mind not getting a drink because the water cups are readily available at the counter. Service is nice because your food is delivered to you at your table. This is also a popular spot for pick up orders and I do recommend calling ahead of time because everything is made to order. This place gets pretty packed for lunch which is good they have the extended dinning area. I've tried a number of items here and I must say my favorite is the KALBI. It is so tasty especially with the sauce they service on the side and the green onions they use to garnish it with. I can honestly they make the best Kalbi in comparison to other places (like Korean) I have tried it at. The best part is it's only $8 which is good because Kalbi is usually pricier at Korean spots. I live near this location so I frequent here quit often. 3.5 stars but I'll round up to 4 since it's a family owned business.
Let me first start by saying that I have never been a big fan of Aloha Kitchen. Being born and raised in Hawai'i, I am familiar with Hawai'i cuisine and Aloha Kitchen has always been just OK, nothing spectacular.  Living in Las Vegas, Aloha Kitchen has always been the "last resort" when wanting to eat Hawai'i cuisine. After my experience yesterday, I felt compelled to write this review. My boyfriend chose to eat here yesterday after visiting the UNLV campus. When we arrived, there was no one in line ordering, so we did not have to wait to place our order. We ordered saimin, adobo fried rice, a cheeseburger and a side of corned beef hash, There was one family of four who just received their food as we sat down. Every occupied table at that point had their food. The restaurant started to get busy as we waited for our food. After 15 minutes, we received our side of hash. Five minutes after that we got the saimin and cheeseburger. The adobo fried rice omelet took 30 minutes!!! RIDICULOUS!! How hard is it to make fried rice with already prepared pork adobo?!! Then about half way through my saimin, I found a hair in the soup!!! SO GROSS! At that time, the waitress was delivering food to a table next to us as I was telling my boyfriend about the hair. I know she heard what I said but made eye contact with me and walked away. I then took the bowl to the guy working the cash register. He apologized and then offered to make me a new bowl of saimin. At that point, I was so disgusted, that I declined offer. He did not offer any other compensation! He just took the bowl and turned away from me and walked to the kitchen. If I could, I would not give any stars but being that I have to select at least one, one it is. The food is a disappointment, the customer service is a disappointment...what more can I say!!!
This is a great place to grab some lunch for UNLV students nearby. The place seemed small at first from the outside, but once you get in, they have an extension dining room. The cashier had a smile on her face and welcomed customers as they enter the door. The price is decent, and their food is delicious, considering how they cook it upon order. This place, can't be compared to L&L, though, but they had more distinctive items on their menu than the latter. I suggest to order the mix plate, which is very tasty if you love both meat and fish.

The only bad thing about here is that their water comes from the pitcher, not the soda dispensing machine, which hints they're getting it from the sink, and their glasses are all stacked up in one corner. You have to put yourself your own water, and once it runs out, the busboy took like 10 minutes to refill it. The place is frequented not only by students, but also by some ghetto looking thugs that act like they own the place. Some of the tables and chairs are dirty and full of food crumbs, and the busboy doesn't go out of the kitchen to clean them right away. The Aloha Kitchen on Sunset Road is smaller, but better in terms of service and no wannabe gangsters.
One of my favorite places to visit when I come to Vegas. 
Adobo fried  rice omelet is what I suggest. 
The rest of the menu is good too!
Went with some friends who really like this place.  Maybe it's comfort food for them so they have some positive emotional associations I lack.  

Two stars for friendly service.  The food was slimy, poorly seasoned, and the ingredients were cheap.  Would not eat again.
Went here after returning from Hawaii and kinda missing the food. 

The food here is sub-par. I found it to be bland and like another reviewer said, cheap. I didn't think it was anything spectacular, hence the 3 stars. 

Also, the water service bothered me a bit as well. The water comes from a pitcher instead of through the soda dispenser. It was a bit off putting. 

However, this place is cheap, so for the price it was warranted.
Highly Recommended. Good Food!
I've eaten here before plenty of times. I believe they still have student specials, like a teriyaki bowl for something like 5 dollars. Helpful for hungry UNLV students.

I will say, I have not been back since May. That particular time, it was a Sunday afternoon having lunch with a friend. It was understaffed. My cashier was also my server, which was strange.

I ordered Pork Lau Lau which is pork wrapped in leaves. I only got it because I liked the name. The server helped serve me and unwrapped the food. I ate it and did not enjoy it much. It was worse that night when I got some of the worst food poisoning of my life. 

Either the pork wasn't cooked all the way or the server hadn't washed his hands after handling all that money and it contaminated the food. That was just my last experience. Every other time was an okay experience. 

I would just shy away from getting the more exotic foods.
Hawaiian food.... my favorite food mmmmmm. Came here with my friends on a Vegas trip a few years ago and I have been hooked ever since! Best thing for sure is the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette. I've also gotten the spam musubi and loco moco.. All your normal Hawaiian favorites.
Adobo fried rice omelette?? Who thinks of this stuff?? Aloha Kitchen does! As soon as my plane touched down we were on our way to carb up with some good food at Aloha Kitchen! I've been here only one time prior to this trip, but that was back in 2007 and I wanted to make sure this place was still good! There menu offered plenty of standard Hawaiian food style things like loco mocos and spam musubis, but people come here for the adobo fried rice! When my plate finally arrived the smell was intoxicating and my mouth was instantly watering. The fried rice did not disappoint this hungry stomach! There was a lot of flavors, albeit a bit salty, but it wasn't too bad. If you've ever had adobo on its own with rice and loved it the adobo fried rice will make you happy.

Three stars only because I've honestly only tried one thing there. But I look forward to future trips when I make my way back to Vegas and try other things on the menu!
That adobo omelet though... FIRE!
I found out about this place from one of my friends a few years ago and every Vegas trip since I've come here to eat. I used to work in an authentic Hawaiian restaurant run by Filipinos back home in Elk Grove and this totally reminded me of it from the food to the decorations.

Over my stay at my old work, I've learned to distinguish authentic quality hawaiian food vs lesser quality (L&L). I must say Aloha Kitchen is up there! The typical food choices you normally see at Hawaiian restaurants can be found here such as chicken katsu, teri beef, teri chicken, loco moco, pork lau lau, mac salad, spam musubi, etc. Aloha Kitchen also adds in some filipino dishes like Silogs and their famous Adobo Fried Rice omelette (my favorite).

The staff is really friendly and the interior is decorated with all things Hawaii. The food is always fresh and takes no more than 10 minutes to prepare. The dining area has numerous tables and can even accommodate large groups. I enjoyed the hawaiian license plates, surfboards, paintings, and other decor.
Ordered a student special, musubi, and side of Mac sal Togo, waited 30 min for the order, then decided to ask for a side of Teri, after watching about 10 people get their order before me! They charged me $0.27 for it, and I still had to wait! Now I got to get to class and eat my lunch after, so much for a hot meal! I still love their food, but this experience left a sour taste in my mouth!
Back when I lived on the east coast, I was never really aware of how popular hawaiian food was. When I moved to the west coast, it was like discovering a new world. I had never heard of dishes like Loco Moco or Saimin, although I had heard of Spam Musubi. So when I first started visiting Vegas with my bf, he introduced me to this place. 

If you read my previous reviews, I get really excited about hold in the wall restaurants because they tend to have the best of the best. This is a really small restaurant located near the university so I figured it would be popular with students. They even have student lunch specials! It's one of those restaurants where you order at the register and you seat yourself. 

My bf really wanted the Loco Moco and recommended I try the Adobo Fried Rice. What he described to me was something I couldn't fathom--until I saw it with my own eyes. Chicken Adobo fried rice encased in an egg omelet?? Yes, please!!! Although our entree portions weren't as large as other places, I wasn't complaining. It was enough. 

I had high hopes for our food based on looks alone. Unfortunately, I was disappointed about the taste. I had to add loads of sriracha sauce to complement both dishes. 

Although it wasn't the worst experience I've had, I've found other hawaiian restaurants I'd rather visit since. If you haven't experienced Hawaiian food, you could try this place. But to be honest, I'd drive further to eat somewhere else.
Cute little place near UNLV. If I had to describe the food in two words, it would be comfort food. Don't know if it's authentic Hawaiian, I saw Hawaiian dishes, Filipino dishes and Korean and Japanese dishes. Seems like it's run by Filipino people. 

The food is dirt cheap. The chicken teriyaki is $3.59 and it's enough for dinner. Kalbi combo is only $8. 

I got their adobo fried rice and it was gross. They fry short grain rice. What? But I don't know if its Aloha kitchen's fault or I dislike adobo. It tastes heavily of pork and soy sauce. 

Theme and decorations are cute. 

If you don't expect much, you won't be disappointed.
We ordered spam musubi and kalbi combo plate. This place definitely has a quality and quantity on point.  The prices of the food items are definitely reasonable. We ordered a kalbi combo plate that came with bbq chicken, kbbq beef (which was too flat that i didn't even any striations of meat), and bbq beef. The combo plate comes with 2 scoops of rice and a choice of a macaroni salad or kimchi.  Spam musubi is on point, for what they give you, it can satiate your hunger.
I must admit Hawaiian food is a great way to end a shenanigan-filled weekend in Vegas. Hearty and full of carbs and protein, it pretty much could be a soupless alternative to pho as a hangover helper.

I ordered the Pork Lau Lau since I've been craving it for the longest time. It comes with two scoops of rice and macaroni salad. The pork came out tender and the taro leaves were nice and soft. Not bad for Vegas.

It's in a random strip mall next to UNLV, prices are pretty affordable for what you get. People keep mentioning the Adobe Fried Rice Omelette? Guess I'll have to try that next time I'm in Vegas. And knowing me, I'll be back sooner than later...

P.S. I remember seeing a banner for a student special too if you still have that Student ID of yours!
Have been going here for over 10 years and always get the chicken bowl. Have never been let down by them, always great service and have never had a problem with my food. Don't like the location all that much and isn't the cleanest place but it isn't dirty.
There's something about this particular aloha kitchen location that makes it better than the others.
My favorites are the loco moco, aloha plate, and local plate. I usually come here in between classes to get enough energy to get through the day. I love their chicken Katsu and teriyaki and it's always the same great taste with great portions.
This place is not too bad; haven't tried many Hawaiian food places while I've been here except for the marketplace cafe in the California hotel, and the lnl on S. Maryland. Out of all three, this was prob the furthest from tasting like the food from back home. I got the local plate which consisted of 2 spam musubis, Mac salad, and Teri chxn/beef.

Musubis: they were okay, but nori and spam were quite soggy prob due to the over use of Teri sauce

Mac salad: not that great..lacked flavor and had a salty base..texture of noodles were nice and firm though! 

Teri chicken: usually Teri chxn is bbq'd or something..but idk, the one from here was fried (I'm guessing) which I found interesting, and it was covered with gooey overpowering Teri sauce, which was extra sweet and salty  

Teri beef: same as the chicken in terms of that gooey overpowering Teri sauce..the texture of the beef was good though 

Overall this place was literally not bad nor was it good. Lol. I mean nothing can compare to food back home, but honestly I would prob goto lnl or the California for better stuff !
Delicious, good size portions. Serious comfort food that hits the spot.
Classic Hawaiian food. Teriyaki chicken student special comes with a drink a lots of rice for under five bucks.
Outstanding meal. Driving by UNLV on my way to the airport and saw this and pulled in. What a treat and excellent food.
The BBQ chicken was loaded with flavor unlike some chains that grill chicken and throw it over vegetables. Rice and Mac Salad were perfect sides.
The Kalua Pig was amazing and we split a Loco Moco which was a huge hit as the gravy was the best I have had in years.

Really clean place with extra nice young lady behind the counter. 

The chains have volume, this place had that with a lot of really good flavor.
I came to pick up some teriyaki chicken before driving back to LA. Food quality and taste here was eh. The teriyaki was smothered in sauce and piled on top of rice. It was a little salty. It seems like they just carelessly put together the food. 

Given its location, its intent is to serve students. Hence, generous portions, cheap prices and whatever tasting food.
Comfort food for Filipinos/Islanders/Asians. Salty, big portions, college student fare. Plenty of seating, lovely island decor and tv. Located just off campus, free parking and so close to airport when Monkey got a couple hours to kill. 

ADOBO FRIED RICE OMELET - rice pan-fried with shredded pork adobo and all it's glory, wrapped in blanket of scrambled egg with chives. 

My mom never made this into an omelet, but it's a dream come true. Like most Filipino dishes, it's a bit oily & salty.  A lot like most American comfort foods.
Came here with 2 others and we all ordered different things and shared bites, and surprisingly, every single thing was good. I had kalua and katsu and the kalua was super moist and tender. My bf's kalbi ribs were amazing and his bro's teriyaki plate had tender meats slathered in a delicious gingery teriyaki sauce. The food was better than anything I've had in CA or even Hawaii (I've only been to a couple of places in Hawaii though). If I lived in LV I'd be a regular here for sure!
This may not be the best Hawaii-Style local food on the planet (you can only get that in Hawaii), but it did bring me back to Hawaii with the flavors and I would be a regular if I lived in Vegas.

My BFF had Spam Musubi. I haven't had it since Hawaii because I don't eat spam anymore...but I was close to trying it for nostalgic purposes...but I refrained.

I had the beef teriyaki with white rice and a Passion Orange Hawaiian Sun. The sticky rice and drink brought me back to my childhood. We always kept Hawaiian Sun in the house. I still have yet to find the drink on the East Coast.
Excellent Hawaiian breakfast and food!!!  The teriyaki chicken is nice and crispy on the outside with good sauce.
Sure it's not the best but it works when im craving some Hawaiian/Filipino food instead of burgers or when I'm sick of eating Chipotle due to it's location by UNLV. If I wasn't at UNLV all day sometimes, I probably wouldn't come here. Doesn't taste super fresh or that flavorful but I gotta get my rice fix sometimes and can't exactly carry it all day with me from home.
I usually go for the student special terriyaki chicken, loco moco, spam musubi, chicken katsu, kalua pork or sometimes saimin. Prices are right, service is friendly and location is eh unless you're a UNLV student.
This is definitely a staple meal whenever my friends and I go to Vegas. Pretty good Hawaiian-style local food. Their dishes are yummy and affordable. My favorites are the loco moco, adobo fried rice omelet, chicken katsu and the Kalbi ribs! Definitely a must try!
I'm a sucker for island foods! Hawaiian food is the closest thing I can get to Guamanian food so this is my go to place. 

The interior setting is okay, but the food is awesome. I usually order the BBQ chicken and my boyfriend always orders the Kalbi ribs which is soo good. Their kimchi doesn't taste authentic it's a little more on the sour side, but their mac salad is delish. I've also tried the chicken katsu, teriyaki chicken and beef. They're all great tasting as well, but the BBQ chicken will always remain my favorite.
I used to come to aloha all the time when I was staying at the UNLV dorms. I like how it's nearby to school. It's pretty convenient with their prices and location. Their portion sizes are just right. My favorite thing to order would be the kalbi ribs. Its made perfect every time. Never been disappointed ordering this cause it's just so good. I get it every time.
Not good as most other Hawaiian barbecues. This was worth trying but most likely will not come back for a second visit.
This little girl waitress is so unorganized and doesn't know how to speak to customers in a professional manner. So rude. She's stressing out and you could hear her complaining in the back room for the cooks to slow down. Honestly how hard is it to grab ready food and put it on a table? You're not cooking the food. You're just handing it over. Definitely not getting a tip from me. And on top of that. They take forever!!! Just ordered a loco moco and it's been like 20 minutes. Better be a bomb loco moco!
Slow slow sloowww! The tiny little waitress is jumping around frantically like a flea. She needs help lol. Throwing coworkers under the bus u can hear her yelling at them. I sat at a dirty table and asked for it to be clean and she had the most rudest tone ever "okay can u just wait?". Took her forever to come and clean. I said thanks and didn't even get a your welcome. Just grabbed dishes and walked away. Didn't even bother wiping down the table. 

Food isn't even good. Regret wasting my time here. Took almost 45 min for our orders. Other location is way better service and food wise. Never coming back again.

ON TOP OF THE MOST HORRIBLE DINING EXPERIENCE EVER I WENT HOME TO FIND....

***They gave me the wrong order!! They gave me a loco moco instead of the adobo omelette that I ordered to go!!" Ughhhhhhhhh!!***
I've been meaning to go here for the better part of a year, and I'm sorry I didn't try it sooner!  Unbelievable!  So delicious!!!  My boyfriend and I stopped by about an hour before our movie at the AMC nearby.  He ordered Chicken Katsu which he was delighted with.  I ordered the Fried Shrimp, and I was most impressed!  The shrimp was so delicious, I could barely stop myself from eating the whole meal, even though I was stuffed!  The macaroni salad is the best I've ever tasted!  I ordered passionfruit juice in a can as well, and it really hit the spot with my dinner!  We also treated ourselves to a little cup of poi, which was authentically delicious, to the best of my knowledge.  The service was fast and friendly, and we will be back again and again for the outstanding food!
I was very pleased to find another Hawaiian restaurant in Phoenix. Chicken katsu is good as is the mixed BBQ plate. If you crave an island style meal this is one of the few places I've found in the valley.
The food is not to complain here, we had the curry chicken katsu and hawaiian bbq combo (korean rib, pork, beef, rice & macaroni salad), and aloha saimen. All sooo delectable with the egg, spam, green onion combo in the saimen noodle soup. Sounds really strange, but you gotta try it, it is deliious! 

It's really too bad that it took 30 min. for me to get my food, there were only 3 customers in the store, and we were all taking it to go...so why does it take that long? It looked like there was only 1 person running the register and cooking at the same time. Wish the service was as good as the food!
I am from Long Beach, CA, and this was a staple of my diet. When I moved to AZ, I thought L&L was relegated to the attic of my mind. Then I found this spot while incorrectly looking for a lunch spot using 800-GOOG-411 and almost sh*t a brick. I was glad to find that it was almost exactly what I remembered from CA. A few notes; the biz didn't look all that promising, so I'll enjoy it while I can, and I don't recommend any menu items with SPAM in it...
Oh, L&L. Heaven in a styrofoam box. The happiest place on earth? For me, when kicking back on a Friday night with my man and a few episodes of Mad Men, it sure is. The staff are friendly and aren't at all shy--if you're new to the joint or just haven't tried many things on the menu, they'll guide you (and give darn good advice). 

A few of my faves: Mixed BBQ plate, Mixed Curry BBQ plate. And I'm a two scoops macaroni, one scoop rice gal. 

Drop by if you're in the neighborhood (or if you're on another planet)--you'll be a regular in no time.
This place is an icon.  If you have ever eaten here, you'll know what I mean.  There is nothing like it. Nothing comes close. Its fairly inexpensive, fast, and the employees are top notch.  They chat you up, give you extra of everything, all with a smile.

The food is spectacular. Nay, stupendous! You get all of your bodily needs at one place. Protein, Fat, Carbs, Fat, and Fat. Be warned, owner of a failing heart, this food is not for you. Go eat some cardboard and take a statin. The rest of us healthy folk will eat extra for you.

I will start my list with the macaroni salad. What's that you say? You don't believe mac salad could be "That good"??? Blaspheme! No Macaroni for you! Seriously, this stuff is so good, they could open a shop that serves ONLY this salad! Granted it has globs of heavy mayo, but sometimes its fun to splurge.

The Short Ribs are next and I can't eat enough of these.  Thin slices of these things cooked to perfection. No, they don't fall off the bones like BBQ ribs.  They are not slow cooked.  They're cooked more like a steak, so you have some tangibility. Some... consistency to the meat.  Chewy and yummo, I tell you. Chewy and yummo.

Chicken Katsu. Oh Em Gee, the Chicken Katsu.  Its like breaded chicken goodness. And you know they use the worst part of the chicken because its juicy and greasy and dark coated with golden crumbs and served piping hot. There's a huge vat of Katsu sauce which is likened to a sweeter sweet and sour.

All meat is served on top of cabbage leaves which is a great finish to a huge meal.  They also have surf and turf combos, but I recommend going with the Short Ribs or the Chxn.  The Mahi is good, but overpriced for the amount you get.

Oh and they have Manapua and Spam sushi too if you are a TRUE connoisseur.

When you're done eating, you can go across the street where a doctor can give you an angioplasty.
L&L always brings me memories of being crammed in a hotel room while working on costumes --- eating those spam musubis while ironing pretty lacy dresses.  Wait, what?

L&L is a wondrous place.  Prices are great, the portions are abundant, and the food is tasty.    This place is just as good as the one in Lancaster, California.  Actually, it's a million times better!

When I sit at the table, inside this amazing eatery, I like staring at the fake sky.  "AH... so that's how high my cholesterol is now."

Good times.
Always great food at a great price!  My girls like the Katzu chicken and I'm addicted to the Katzu chicken with curry. Their Kalua pork is also sure to please. A great alternative to burgers or tacos.  What more could you ask for?  Great food at a fair price and a very friendly staff make this a 5 star place for us.
Compared to Aloha Kitchen, this place just doesn't stack up. The meats are much saltier, and seem very processed, in comparison. The Kalua Pork lacks depth.. it tastes like it was soaked in liquid smoke, and salt for a few days... and the Katsu chicken is of school cafeteria quality. It's not the worst food I've ever eaten, but doesn't compare to the home-made feel of Aloha Kitchen, or other non-chain Hawaiian places I've eaten at in So.Cal.
We stopped in to L&L before a movie the other night and it was muy bien. Hawaiian bbq is one of those things I sort of forget about and then when I have it I'm like "omg this is so good, why don't I eat it more often"? 

Sarah H. and her man shared a bbq chicken plate, and I mistakingly thought, "I don't want bbq so I'll get the chicken katsu". Mind you, chicken katsu is effing bomb, but after tasting their bbq chicken I wished I had gotten in on some of that. I ordered the mini plate which itself could serve two people (ie; I didn't finish it all), but the rice and mac salad was really good. I don't think I've ever had anything else at a hawaiian bbq place, but I don't really care. I could live off of the bbq chicken and chicken katsu forever. 

Plus the service is always super awesome.
Honestly better flavor of foods here than any other larger chains like Ono Hawaiian BBQ.

BBQ Mix is #1 so is the Curry Mix....All Rice makes everything nice!
You get a lot of food thats what I love! The guy was very very helpful although you know sometimes you just want a minute to think, that was noexisitant. The chicken is realld good, the ribs were better than okay, but not great. The beef was kinda salty. All in all though great bang for your buck!
Yep, this place is the bomb. I lived near one growing up, and it slowly became a weekly thing to eat at L&L.  Now that I'm here in AZ, I had to try their L&L.

This particular shop was 10x nicer-looking than the ones in Cali/Hawaii, and it tasted almost the same (which is good).  Some notable differences were their sauces & service--a bigger array of sauces and the friendliest owners ever.  It's as good as it gets!

I've never had such good service from a pseudo-fast-food chain before!
Came here with the bf recently because he's a fan of L&L. I personally feel that all Hawaiian barbecue places are pretty much the same, but I like this L&L because the service was really great. The owner was super friendly and helpful, and you can tell he really enjoys cooking and serving his guests. Our katsu was a little over cooked, too crispy for my liking, but perfect for my bf's. Their homemade curry sauce is a must-try. It's also in a great location, right next to a theater so you can grab a bite before or after a movie. Will try again!
I lived in Hawaii for 15 years and I can't tell you how much at home I feel when I go in this restaurant.  The food is the bomb and my haole boyfriend is hooked on the loco moco...I love there katsu and everytime I go in there they have a new item ..LOVE IT!!! MAHALO for bringing a little of home into my life =)
I love this place. It's way better than the chains in Cali. I love their BBQ sauce and their curry chicken katsu is yummy. And I love their mac salad. The mini portions are not really mini, at least for me. It's a fairly big portion size. I will make the short trek out here when I get the craving for Hawaiian BBQ. The others aren't as awesome as this place :)
Unless my own family is making the food, it doesnt get better then this in Phx for hawaiian bbq. i was so happy to discover the opening of the mesa location. with uncommon but tasty items such as portuguese sausage, manapua (with the sweet pork), spam musubi, malasadas and saimin... the range of menu items is extraordinary!
Each item is top notch, I have indulged in the katsu, teri chicken, lau lau, kalua pig, mac salad, spam musubi, manapua, malasadas... and this is only visiting the location twice. 
My first time at L&L was in HI when growing up, then it franchised to Portland when i was in college, now that it is in Mesa, it might become the most frequented comfort food joint in town for me. 
I will be introducing many to it, by claiming it as "legit Hawaiian food"
"Mahalo!"


Ahhh.... the calm my soul feels when I walk into this place and hear local words that welcome me back to the island. This place beats out ono's on their katsu hands down. Their Mac salad is always on point with l&l Mac salad even on the island. My typical order involves lau lau but because they had to raise their  prices to nearly $12 a plate, I'm afraid I will have to settle for a mini plate. 


For first timers, get the chicken katsu. Or teriyaki (BBQ) chicken. I never liked the short ribs (Hawaiian style).
I realize L&L is a chain, but I love their food. My favorites are the Loco Moco and the BBQ Chicken. I also enjoy their haupia-filled donuts. The family that runs this place is very friendly and do a great job in making sure you will enjoy your meal. Go there.
Went to the Aloha Festival this weekend and developed a craving for a Hawaiian plate lunch. After walking around with my BF and not finding anything that caught our attention, I suggested we go to L&L afterwards to eat instead. He agreed since we were heading to our friends house in East Mesa and it was on the way. 

It was the first time for me at this location and the first time for my BF at an L&L, so we were hoping it was not a let down. We were starving by this time since we skipped the food at the festival. I had been to L&Ls in Cali and Hawaii and figured they all had to be the same. I remembered that their Katsu sauce wasn't that great but nothing too bad where I wouldn't order it. 

To my surprise, this L&L was better than the ones in Cali and HI. The Katsu sauce is really good here; it's similar to the one at my favorite Hwaiian place (not an L&L) in LA that I used to frequent. I also had some of their Kalua pork and it was moist and tasty.  

I'm so glad we did not eat at the festival. We would've spent more and had to sit on the ground or stand to eat and it probbaly wouldn't have been as satisfying. 

I usually rate Hawaiian places by their Mac Salad and Chicken Katsu w Katsu sauce and this place rates high in my book. Will definitely be back for hawaiian plate lunch cravings :)
I've eaten at L & L's in Hawaii, Las Vegas, and both Phoenix locations.  This location is a bit better than the Happy Valley location (and I live closer to the Happy Valley location!).  My most recent trip to this location was on 2011-05-29.  The staff here are more friendly, very customer-focused, and make you feel like you're a brah'.  The food is authentic - short ribs, chicken, katsu, saimin, spam musube, etc.... it is a taste of hawaii in the desert.  
You walk up to the counter and place your order, then grab a table.  Admire the prototypical wall pictures of hawaiian sunsets, beaches, and dancers... t-shirts on the wall... piped music....  then your order gets called...

Somehow, it just isn't the same as eating it in Hawaii.  The flavors are there, but you miss the beach sand, the moist ocean breezes, and surf... 
but if you close your eyes and dream as you take bites of the delicious food... for just a sec or two, you'll remember.... and smile....
Went to pick up some plate lunch dinners on Saturday evening.  Spoke with Will and saw his mother cooking.  He told me that they took over this franchise location about six years ago.  So I had not been back to this location for over six years -- how time flies!  The previous owners made crummy food, even though they are supposed to be cooking from tried and true, franchise recipes.  So after trying the old owners' food about three times we gave up on this location.  But this past weekend, my daughter wanted their garlic shrimp, so we order from them again.

I ordered three plates, but my order was misinterpreted and we got four plates instead.  I paid for all four since we wanted to try the food again and Will assured me that I would not be disappointed.  Their kalbi short ribs and bbq chicken was very good, and my daughter said that her garlic shrimp was also very good.  The macaroni salad was "Hawaiian Style" and good too.  We also had some beef teriyaki and that was mediocre at best -- the beef was too lean and tough, and the marinade was not very good.  If they soaked the beef in the kalbi sauce and made a bbq version of bulgogi, that would have been better.

Prices are on the high side; not extremely high, but high.  Plates are about $9 each and the short rib plate is like $10.

But I still give them four stars since their food is pretty good and I will be back.  Will try some other entrees the next time.
When needing a little reminder of Oahu, the trip to Mesa to eat some tasty island fare of kahlua pork, rice and mac salad and of course the malolo brand fruit punch brings a smile of satisfaction and content to my face. Now, if only I could hear the waves gently hit the sandy beach and be able to smell the fresh salt air...........
Ordered the Bento Special plate, with Chicken BBQ, Spam,Mahi etc... but then I saw the Poke Plate (Hawaiian Sashimi) and had to have that. They were very nice to change the order without charging me the difference. They suggested I try it with the Shoyu which was a good suggestion.

Everything was really good, next time will try their other varied dishes.
My husband and I were going to eat here tonight, but unfortunatly they are no longer in business. I'm sad to say we only got to enjoy them once. If they ever open another location around here, we're definitely going. Until then, we'll miss you L&L!
Place is Closed down.
Went to this shop today 10/17. It was closed. Now they have a Modern Sushi open in the old spot. Just for the benefit of other patrons looking for it -- its now CLOSED.
This is a good place to eat the pulled pork & cabbage, or the b-que-beef and chicken mix and just tried the chicken misubi and its pretty amazing.
You also get a side of macaroni salad-no one make it like they do-mild but awesome!  You get two servings of rice also with your food.  ALOT OF FOOD!!!
My daughter introduced us to this place originally and it's yum!
Different kinda menu but you have to try it as it's like nothing else!
Did you know they open at 10 in the morning for those who work early??
YUP!!
their adobo fried rice, wrapped in a thinly scrambled omelette stype crepe is the bomb!! don't leave vegas without at least trying this. it's too good to miss out on!

update: their adobo fried rice omlette is SUPER bomb! i had it for brunch today. i tore that sucker up. it was a friendly $6.95, and easy to share with my new hubby Walter. the girls who worked there were awesome too, real laid back. LOVE IT!! also, they have a new STUDENT special now. it's like $5 for a teri chicken plate. YUMM!
Awesome food, way better than L&L.... Sometimes slow, but food is always hot & fresh...Lunch specials are a deal...will always go back...
I can say I conquered their pork adobo fried rice omelette and I am going to have to confirm that it is "soo good". It's literally the size of a super burrito. 

Aloha has a all the standard Hawaiin eats and a couple other quirky items to add to their menu. 

Very good cheap eats. 

They also have a pool hall karaoke bar connected to it.
this spots on point with the local grinds... i'd say i agree with Melanie A. when she says it's better than L&L... at least the ones here on the mainland...  i checked this spot on a thursday once for some hip hop function... not bad... thanks DZ kids... 

the loco moco... come the fuck on... if you haven't hit it you better get on it mofos... stop sleepin on it... get yours and enjoy...
coworkers and i used to ditch outta the office for a taste of the islands...
and here it was - Aloha Kitchen...

probably some of the Best Saimin in town... throw a little more chinese hot mustard in your broth and go to work... i sweat when i eat, so this saimin always clenses me... ha.

the food is good and the price is even better... hook it up.
Great Hawaiian fast-food joint! Located inside California Hotel on the 2nd floor, this place is diamond in the rough. It's inexpensive and food is better than most Hawaiian joints like L&L. It fails to get the last star due to being crowded and it's located all the way in downtown Vegas, which is out of my way.
Haha what a cool lil place. The location we went to even had a karaoke bar next door.

The food isn't too expensive. I think I had the Kabli plate which came with slices of korea kabli ribs, chicken katsu (fried chicken cutlet), and macaroni salad, white rice, and teriyaki chicken for 8-9 bucks.

Everything was pretty good, and the kalbi was seasoned properly but just overcooked as some of the pieces are quite crispy and charred black. It definitely filled me up for not too bad of a price. Tacky Hawaiian hut themed restaurant but if I lived in LV I could see picking up to go's on the way to work from here.
Tried this place for my bro-in-law's B.P. in Vegas.  The tapsilog, pork lau lau, adobo fried rice omelette, and chicken katsu are to die for.  Wish they had this back in So. Cal.
ADOBO FRIED RICE OMELETTE! Yum!

This is a local favorite somewhat off the strip, but their adobo fried rice omelette is worth coming here for after a night or early morning partying on the strip. They have a karaoke bar attached next door for all you drunkard songbirds. 

Definitely a local hotspot after hours. And the two siblings that work there are hella cool too!
Meh. 

On my 2 separate trips here, I've seen roaches in this place on BOTH occasions. Need I say more?
All I have to say is Pork Adobo Fried Rice!

Just this alone makes me want to drive 5 hours from Phoenix, to eat this and this alone. 

I love Hawaiian food for its perfect fusion of Asian cuisines but this has to be the best fusion of all in the history of fusions. 

Good thing they have 3 locations in Vegas so I can hit one on my way in and while by the strip and on my way home.
pork adobo fried rice
local hawaiian food...cheap.  i liked the katsu with green curry.  off the strip.  kind of fattening.  i think there are a few locations in las vegas.
Frequented this place often when I used to work on Nellis AFB.  Brought a katsu/kalua pig mixed plate back to the office one day and everyone wanted to try some on first scent.  It turned into a weekly affair and people would actually get mad (one of my coworkers wanted to throw down once because we didn't let him know we were going) if they weren't notified.  The teri chicken/teri beef plate was a general favorite along with the aforementioned katsu/kalua plate.  My favorite though, was the fried rice omelette.  I used to go so often that as soon as I walked in, the girls would already order it for me.  I miss this place a lot.
This place is off the strip, but I refused to go back to the Bay Area without bringing home their Adobo Fried Rice wrapped in an Omelette. So yummy!
WOW. I was amazed that there was a bar connected to the restaurant. Although, I did not get to go the "happening" karoake bar, I still think that the bar is an awesome addition. Get a few mai-tais, beers, and then when ur good to go.. go next door for good old hawaiian food.

Bf told me to get adobo fried rice. I didn't listen since I was in the mood for some fried chicken katsu and kahlua pig. I was not impressed with kahlua pig and had hoped for a slightly bigger serving of fried chicken goodness. The kahlua pig was a bit salty and hard to eat but the katsu made up for it. 

I did manage to sneak about 3/4s of a spam musubi in. That was delicious.. The sauce was nice, sweet and thick. 

Fortunately, the bf decided to order the adobo fried rice omelette to take home. I ate it the next day and grumbled my regrets about the previous night's decision.

ADOBO FRIED RICE OMELETTE IS A MUST. Fried rice mixed with delicious adobo pork. The pieces of pork was delicious and slightly reminded me of carnitas. The rice was wrapped in a thin layer of egg, kinda like a wrap. 

FREAKIN' DELICIOUS. If it was good the next morning, I can only imagine how delicious it would have been fresh!
Kalua pork, lumpia, spam musubi, tapsilog, katsu, saimin soup, loco moco,  chicken adobo fried rice omelette--available late at night after the club!!! Yup, I did say "chicken adobo fried rice omelette"! Need I say more? This place is the spot to satisfy your Hawaiian lunch plate w/ Filipino and Japanese flare craving at any time of the day! They have three convenient location in Las Vegas. Onoliciously masarap!!!
My favorite take-out! My usual is the kalbi ribs with a side of macaroni salad. YUM. I've gotten the Kalbi combo, Tempura plate and spam masubi. I usually call and pick up an order. I noticed when they originally opened on Charleston.. they had bigger portions, but they still have great food when you're feeling to lazy to cook :P
Although a bit overpriced (in my opinion), this is truly a place where one can enjoy their filipino-hawaiian food. Yes, I'm making my own judgement here.  I've been here twice, and there are always a lot of Filipinos here.

The food is pretty good.  They do serve a lot of authentic typical hawaiian barbeque type of dishes that you'd expect from an L&L or Ohana Hawaii BBQ place. Spam Musubi, Macaroni Salad, beef, chicken, and pork pieces, scoops of rice. saimin I think as well.

But this place is unique, and is known especially for their adobo fried rice omelet (a giant omelet stuff with fried rice and adobo pork [stuffed as if it were a turkey filled with stuffing]) and their oxtail soup.  The omelet is great the first time, but it's nothing that special.  It's nice to try just to say that you tried it, but I stay away from it because of its price.  The oxtail soup is also something not really special, unless you've never tried it before and would like to give it a try.

They have special student-i.d. meal deals, which is nice as long as you don't forget your school i.d., and you can refill your drinks by yourself, which is nice as well (compared to some places where you have to ask the cashier to refill your drink for you).

Thus, I give this place a solid 4 stars.  After trying Aloha Kitchen's specialties, this place isn't anything super special.  I'd rather go to Ohana Hawaiian Barbeque where it's more affordable, and just as good (if not better) tasting.
Hawaiian food with a line of people out side. Mostly Asian people. Was a good sign. And food was great! The Punch was really good. The chairs were only ok.
Yet another Hawaiian food spot that I dine at every so often.  The food here is okay.. nothing like home but it gets me by every time I'm craving.  The only thing I eat here is the Hula plate because almost everything else has some type of meat in it.  It is a Hawaiian food spot so that's pretty much a given.  There are some Filipino food on the menu as well but I tend not to venture too much into that area because of the same reason: the meat.  I like the fact that they have Hawaiian Sun.  But, I never seem to get any because the plates are kinda pricey already and I'd rather pick up a six pack of juice from CVS for the same price as one can here.  Food is alright but it just doesn't hit the spot like it should.
I wish they had filled Malasada and shave ice with traditional toppings. ( hint hint ) ( that would be a great business move  it would increase revenue popularity and profit. Thier Adobo Omelette is something of inovative splendor and awe hahah. Love their  Laulau its my favorite dish. Although their  rinds are out of this world good for being so far from hawaii the amount of rice does'nt exactly fullfill the filipino/hawaiian/ any islanders palette hahah give a bigger scoop, rice is cheap geez lol, The bar right next door (aloha bar) is an okay kick back spot.... if I could change something about the bar it would most definately be  the smell I know people smoke indoors  in bars but  if you had the smell of the tropics in a bar and maybe play some smooth jams  with better lighting during the day  you increase business in the daytime. well thats  my two cents on this jewel from the Ninth Island Grind spot
Some good shit here! Can't really go wrong in any of their plates!
So another long overdue review

I've eaten at Aloha kitchen at least 6 times over the last three years.  It's a decent place - reasonable prices ( I've never spent more than $10 ) good service and the food is good - somewhat standard hawaiian fare so for me, since trying island flavor, i have to consider Aloha kitchen to be a cut below( i dig Island Flavor ! ) 

went with the terriyaki chicken plate - prefer to have two scoops of mac salad to the 2 scoop rice they give you ( and i asked for 2 mac instead of the rice ... oh well ) 

pic added.
This place is A-OK. I wanted to try the adobo omlette to see what the hype was all about but it did not live up to the hype if you ask me. I had to add more soy sauce and vinegar to the omlette for more flavor. I will come back again but I will definitely try something else.
Do not come here expecting L&L, the Loft, or Ohana. You will be disappointed. 

My definition of a mixed plate = mass quantities of outstanding comfort food. This place lacks in the quantity area, but the tastes are hit and miss. Thus my rating.

Details: 

Kalua Pork: excellent, not too salty. Flavor is right on. 
Mahi Mahi: pretty damn good.
Lau Lau: not bad, but not the best I've had. 
Chicken Katsu: maybe I got yesterday's. It tasted stale and heavy, with a strange aftertaste. 
BBQ pork: meh. 

Prices: average
Service: the people were friendly, and above average.
Really quite confused on the low # of ratings for this eatery, then again, this could only mean the best of vegas has yet to be fully discovered! Aloha Kitchen, a Filipino/Hawaiian fusion of each respective's cultures most popularized dishes.  With that said, I give you, the adobo fried rice omelette and loco moco review.

I've been raving about Aloha's loco moco as soon as the gravy and my taste buds collided. Definitely brag-worthy, whether you've tried loco moco's before or not.  I was a first timer and have never even heard of such a dish. Once I returned to SoCal, I tried to find something, ANYTHING, that could imitate Aloha's and just wound up leaving Ono's & The Loft dissatisfied. I like how Aloha's asks how I would like my eggs cooked. Over easy please, thank you very much for asking!

Adobo fried rice omelette. Highly recommended by friends but enjoyed the loco moco more.  Maybe it was a bit too dry to eat post loco moco? Either way, it's definitely not something to miss, so don't skip out on this if it's your first time visiting.
After a night out of the crazy vegas life, came into this place with an empty stomach and a hangover. SO GOOD and pretty cheap. 
adobo fried rice omelette? the best I have ever had. huge portions! and the tapsilog is really good too.
Friendly staff and good food can't beat it !
IF YOU COME TO VEGAS, YOU ABSOLUTELY NEED TO STOP BY ALOHA KITCHEN FOR THEIR ADOBO OMELETTES! 

I swear, nothing beats a 6am morning with adobo omelettes!  The best thing is that you can buy one and share it among your three tiny female friends or among your large self. 

it's off the strip, but if you drove to Vegas, it's worth the pickup.  I swear it beats the food court's overpriced pizza or pasta, more fulfilling and cheaper than the buffet at the Wynn.
Aloha kitchen's teriyaki combo plate is what I mainly come here for, It's a 3 meet plate, rice and a side of macaroni salad...yum but there's other great eats on the menu such as the mahi mahi plate and masubi's.
I have had better Hawaiian cuisine elsewhere, but I like this place because of it's value. It seems like that whatever you order you get a whole lot of it which is great when you are on a budget. Every time I go to this place I always have to order the mac salad and the spam musubi. Their chicken katsu is also nicely done, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. I like to come to this place when I'm feeling really hungry and I'm in need of "stick to your ribs" kind of food. This place will definitely leave you full for a very long time.
Only 4 stars because I gave Hawaiian Hale 5 stars, but this place is good eats too. I took a bite of my friend's Adobo Fried Rice, YUUM! Sometimes, the stew is good. And everything else is typical hawaiian, but definitely one of the best in LV.
Adobo Fried Rice Omelette FTW!! SO DELICIOUS!

Huuuuge serving, I can never finish it on my own.  I usually just eat half, and save the rest for later.. yes it's still freaking yummy later. Definitely a MUST TRY!
I use to go here a lot. Since moving to North Las Vegas, NV I rarely go. I do notice one thing, actually quite a few things. It seems like the food has changed. It definitely is not for the better.
I'd like to give Aloha Kitchen more Stars, but I was disappointed with my meal this afternoon. I've been here only on two occasions, but I do have plans to go back and try them again since they are so convenient. I think the convenience factor for me is the best part of this establishment. Considering there is nothing but fast food around my house, this place IS a nice refreshing way to get food fast.

Thus far I have had the Mahi Mahi & Katsu Combo Plate and the Kalua Pork/Katsu combo. I think it's hard to make bad katsu, so I don't have any issues with their katsu chicken. The Kalua Pork I had was pretty damn good, although maybe I tad too salty for me to eat the whole thing. However, it was juicy, hot and delicious. As for the mahi mahi, I was kind of disappointed. Maybe the way they do their mahi mahi is just not my thing, but I really did not enjoy it.

As for the sides, they're usually okay. Macaroni and salad is kinda hard to screw up. But sometimes I find their rice to be mooshy and not very good. 

Personally I would rather go to 808 Mix Plate, but it's incredibly far from my house. :(
Do you like any of the below?

(a) rice
(b) adobo
(c) eggs
(d) feeling full

If you picked any of the letters above, adobo fried rice is a must.
I lived in Hawaii (on Oahu & Maui) for 11 years (1981-92), and on the US Mainland, it's difficult to find truly delicious Hawaiian cuisine.  ALOHA KITCHEN solves that problem, superbly.

My favorite dish is Kalua Pig, and I must say that it tasted every bit as good here, as it did in the islands.  It turns out that this is a family-owned company, and the folks there are from Hawaii also, so they KNOW how Hawaiian dishes are supposed to taste.

If you've never enjoyed the flavor of the islands, you're in for a very special treat, and I heartily urge you to stop by sometime, to give their many menu items a true sampling.

It's my belief that you will enjoy dining there, as much as I do.
Excellent food for cheap.  It's off the strip but well worth the drive.  They renovated the dining area.
I eat at Aloha Kitchen roughly 2-3 times a week. I am a fan because the food is good, prepared in a timely fashion, the portions are nice and hearty, and the service is warm and friendly. (They even took the effort to remember my name and greet me by my name).

I would easily say that the quality and taste of their dishes surpasses that of L&L Hawaiian BBQ. 

They have a good atmosphere for dining, although I usually call in my order and take it to go. Staff is always friendly with me, which is a plus for me. 

They also have various filipino dishes, as well, which keeps it more interesting, IMO.
I had the kalua pig and laulau (Hawaiian plate), as well as a manapua.  The food was very good, but I thought it was a bit pricey.  Will still go again if I get the chance.
WOWZA - adobe fried rice omelette, spam/eggs/rice, adobe/rice/mac salad = ALL AMAZING. Perfect for breakfast, lunch or dinner - SO YUMMY!!! They had a sign up sheet for zip codes for locations they want to open up in California - Honestly, Aloha Kitchen, Los Angeles/San Gabriel area is where all the Asians are at and will come clamoring for good Hawaiian food! Please open up in California soon, we are desperate for good Hawaiian cuisine - L&L definitely doesn't cut it after I had Aloha Kitchen!
went here the past weekend while i was in Vegas with some friends and I'm pretty impressed. the employee at the register greeted us as we walked in which was nice.

place was nice with decorations that made the place nice to be in. i ordered chicken katsu with a side of macaroni salad and a side of one spam masubi. as for the food it self was pretty damn goooooood. best I've had in a while.

i would go back when i'm back in Vegas defiantly.

but why only 4 stars?
the table we sat at was still dirty  same with some others, we had to clean it ourselves before sitting.
I had never had Hawaiian food before, so I wasn't really sure what to expect. Something with... pineapples?

My friend found my ignorance amusing and offered to order on my behalf.  He said some words I didn't know, and just a few minutes later, I had a large colorful plate in front of me, heaping with rice and vegetables and chunks of various cooked, BBQed, and fried meats. 

Fearless, I dove in. Some pieces of meat I liked better than others, but all of it was good and had a home-cooked feel to it. My entire Hawaiian feast cost less than $10 total. 

I was most definitely a fan. If I ever roll through Vegas again, I will pop on a grass skirt and go for another plate of mystery meat.
My girlfriend had posted on her Facebook and would check in to this place when she would go to LV.  So I wanted to try it out myself with my hubby.  We went there one year, and I was so wanting to try their adobe fried rice omelette that everyone keeps talking about.  It was pretty tasty and very different that's for sure.  We enjoyed it.  It would def be cool if they were to open one up in Southern CA.
The best Curry  Katsu I've ever had!!!!! Will definitely be back for more, my folks wouldn't even let me enjoy my food in piece, everybody wanted some!!! The wait was very long but ill wait again for that food.
I love me some Aloha Kitchen!  I mean it's Hawaiian food which automatically equals delicious! 

This location isn't fancy, but it gets the job done.  All of the food is cooked when you order it, so it is always nice and fresh when you get it.  You have to wait a little bit, but it is worth it to get your food piping hot and delicious!  

The menu has a huge variety of your island faves at reasonable prices.  Everything I have tried from the katsu to kalua pig to the loco moco has been great.  It tastes like everything I ate when I was in Hawaii.  YUM! They also have burgers and food like that for anyone in your party who isn't adventurous, which is nice because everyone group has that one picky eating these days.

If you want some great island food without having to go Downtown, check out Aloha Kitchen for sure.
The food is really great especially "chicken katsu"
No beating around the bush on this one! Delicious and Affordable. It's around the corner of my house and I go often and have NEVER been disappointed!
Saw a friend post a pic of their adobo fried rice omelette so when I went to Viva over the weekend, I had to get one. 

So delicious!

My bf and family enjoyed their food too.  Open one in California!!!
OmGosh excellent customer service!  I must say Neil is one heck of a server!!!   Love the Kalbi Ribs, definitely recommended!
Great food and service! We were first timers And Neil was very helpful to us and recommended the Adobo fried rice, chicken katsu and kolbi beef was bomb!!! Everything was great, will def come back!
I love this place! We always have to eat here whenever we go to Vegas! I recommend the adobo fried rice!!
Neil the Cashier is nice,and personable. The food quality SUCKS. they DONT have Sticky Rice anymore, there to over priced, there bathroom was dirty!!! I will not go back ,thank you
I am in love with this place. I was driving by with my friend and she informed me that this place had really great food. I am always up for trying something new and delicious. 

When I walked in the restaurant looks relax, they have comfortable seating, the menu is pretty large. My friend recommended me to try the Local Plate witch includes Teriyaki chicken, teriyaki Beef, Hawaiian Macaroni salad, steam rice and two spam masubi for less than $8.

For starters this was definitely a plate to have, never had a spam masubi and man I tell you I dream of having one of those everyday. Even If you never been a spam fan this will definitely change your mind. One thing I would inform the seaweed that it is wrap with the flavor is a little strong but It goes very well. You must try and see for yourself. 

I can honestly say this place will have you addicted!!!!
The girl that was working here tonight earned aloha a 1 star tonight. Working in retail I know what it's like when customers come in the store close to closing. We came in at 9:30pm and I asked if I could get some sauce so we could eat here. She asked me if we could eat here for only a few minutes because they were closing in 10 minutes. I immediately asked her when they closed because the door said 10PM. We ate here anyways. Thanks for ruining my experience here.
I'm going to keep this one simple and my rating is based strictly on the quality of food and service. As soon as I walked in, I received a warm welcome from the woman at the register. She was very polite and cute ;-) I wanted and combo that consisted of half beef and chicken with all rice. First I was offered the bowl, but being that I have a huge appetite I opted for the combo dinner which is a larger portion. The combo doesn't have just chicken and beef. It has pork as well. I'm not too much of a pork eater so she was nice enough to offer me extra chicken at no additional charge!!!! Hey Hey! Once I received my food, it looked so amazing that I chose to dine in and eat. The first thing that came to my mind was "Lawd!" Lol. The quality of food is light years above L&L and their teriyaki sauce is amaze balls. The crunchiness of the outer coat of the chicken goes very well with the soft goodness once you bite into it! I love spicy so I drowned mines in hot sauce and was blown away. I've also tried the one on Maryland Pkwy but this by far is my favorite. Make sure you stop by!
My favorite place to eat Hawaiian food. I bring all my friends here. I always get local plate. Can't go wrong.
This place is right near work, and we have eaten here many many times in the past since it opened. But things are going downhill here, people. Over the past 8 or so months they have frequently been out of basic food items. Like mixed vegetables often, and curry frequently, and chicken. Yup, one day they did not have chicken at lunch time. And the microwave has been broken for the past I don't now how long, so many things that should not be microwaved anyway that are on the menu are not available.

In the past 6 months they got themselves a new cook/manager. The women at the front have since changed again and again. And now this guy is up front a lot. And he is aggressive and ornery. Today was our last day setting foot in this place. We approached the counter after waiting patiently, and he instantly demanded to know if I was paying cash or credit. Then he chastised me for not ordering correctly (we always order the same thing and he knows it). 

There's an L&L on Nellis and Sahara. They are really nice and professional. And they have poke. They are never out of basic stuff. And they don't treat you like you are a criminal for asking for chicken with mixed vegetables (apparently, it is "STIR FRIED VEGETABLES WITH CHICKEN. NEXT TIME ORDER IT THE RIGHT WAY.") It was also nice when you didn't have to plead for siracha.
I tried this location for the first time today. I ordered the beef bowl and lumpia. It wasn't terrible and filled me up however it was not as good as the Sahara / Decatur location. The lumpia was overcooked and the beef bowl did not have much sauce on it!!! It's worth the extra mileage to go to the other location!
Okay I just finished my food !!! The best lumpia !!! I'm so happy I stopped by!  Cool employees great food . My new go to place !
I am in love with this food every time I see one I have to stop in and get the combination plate  .  The chicken is delicious there customer service is awesome always happy the place is always spotless
Their local plate is awesome here. Each visit is better than before. I can't wait to return there again.
I love this place the food here is authentic and best of all Hawaiian . I would recommend this place to others .
A good spot to go for " in a hurry " situation Hawaiian food. Was my favorite in town but I feel like they are starting to go cheap in ingredients and you can really taste it in the food..
First time there and the food was good. Not crowded which I liked. Fast device and large portions.
I always order the adobo fried rice omelet and spam musubi when I come here. The food is great but my experience here the past few times have been TERRIBLE. 

They are always busy and understaffed. I placed a to go order and waited over 40 minutes. Because they're so busy, the waitresses mix up the orders and give someone's order to a different table. 

Even when you call an order in, you still have to wait over 20 minutes for the food to be done. 

I do NOT  recommend coming to this location. They have a location close to the galleria mall which has better service and the food is just a good.
We stopped in for a quick bite on our way through Vegas.. didn't want a burger or Mexican food and found this little spot which turned out to be very good! Had a teriyaki chicken and teriyaki beef bowl: both we excellent and very reasonably priced! To top off the delicious meal, we became acquainted with Neal, the Big Kahuna at this location. Extremely friendly and service oriented, I highly recommend stopping in for a bite to eat. Mahalo!
A friend took me to the original aloha kitchen and blew my mind with the adobe omelet. Since then they opened many more locations and somewhere down the line they were lost their consistency. 

The adobe omelet i had was dry and used over cooked left over chicken meat. The recipe is great, but the execution was bad. I recommend trying the original location.
It looked vacant but as I opened the door the aroma quickly hit me . i had the teriyaki beef and sum lumpia , both were good !! although i had sum of my co workers beef (which is what brought me here) from the one off of Sunset i believe and it was tastier . lumpia were small i must say but i think they give u approx. 6 so not bad for the price but my lumpia put theirs to shame . the beef over a bed of rice made it feeling . nice meal for a decent price a +
Why is this place empty? People come on in! I know it's on Nellis and super dupper fast street, but COME ON IN! I was skeptic of this place at first, why should I? I have never tasted Hawaiian food, plus it's fast food so even more doubt. But I went in and gave it a shot. The entrance is clean as well as the inside. I went in and had not a clue what to order. I asked the cashier, which was from the islands as well as the cook; that made me more comfortable ordering because I thought it was going to be someone else of a different ethnicity cooking the food, She recommended me a cheap and inexpensive dish to try out first. So I got that and she gave my mother and I free drinks for the wait. Which wasen't much, but ahh I can't say no...

  I got a macarroni type dish with white rice and hawaiian type pork. It wasen't sweet, or to raw of taste it was real good. The rice wasen't all dry like steamed rice it felt cooked and steamed. The macarroni was great. Oh yeah the tartar sauce was great. I would come here again when I had the chance and try new dishes, I am a fan of this fast food joint. Oh yeah I think it was a low carb dish.
I often come to this side of town to visit my mom.  It pains me to know an L&L is so close but I can't ever go here again.

It's a shame, but the food here is not very impressive.  The hamburger for the hamburger steak plate lunch seems preformed and doesn't taste very good at all.  Something isn't right here and something needs to be done!  Eat an another L&L location and you'll see the difference.

This place is empty for a reason.
I've been to this location a few times and most recently on 2/4/12. 

This place is always clean the cashiers are pretty knowledgeable of what the menu has to offer. In addition to the main menu, there is also a side menu (sharpie board) that offers daily specials and other items not mentioned. 

I'm a huge fan of Hawaiian food and like to try different dishes I've yet to try, and sometimes I feel like some BBQ Chicken, which is what I ordered this time around. The plate sizes that are offered are mini and regular. I always go with the regular, which comes with the main dish (BBQ Chicken in my case), macaroni salad, 2 scoops of which rice and some cabbage. My chicken is always cooked very well, tender and moist. The mac salad and rice were average. 

Overall I really like this place. It's consistent food wise and friendly.
I always forget that L & L Hawaiian BBQ is just up the street from where I live.  Maybe, it's because it is hidden toward the back of the mini mall.  We were sitting around my place trying to figure out where to go for lunch.  And, there are only so many burgers you can eat.  So, I suggested L & L.  

So, I took the orders from my clan and off I went.  No one wanted to leave the house because it was "too hot" and they were "too tired".  Anyhow, I got to the L & L and I was taken care of.  Everyone wanted ribs.  Well, except for one who was against the grain.  He has to get a burger and fries.  But, whatever!

L & L packed up our order, added napkins and plastic ware.  So, I give L & L 5 stars because, the food was tasty and the service was great.  I have said it before, a friendly greeting and a smile goes a long way with me.
I am a frequent customer and have been for years. I went in one summer day to fulfill my cravings for their famous BBQ chicken with rice to go. Daniel (Danny), who did the order taking, did not offer me a greeting and had a monotone voice. Not even a smile was shown. It was like talking to a robot. He clearly did not feel like being there at all. When my order was ready, my food wasn't sealed properly and was slid from the register area to the end of the counter where I was at. He didn't even offer me a thank you or farewell. I just left right away because I was starving. It wasn't busy at all, only one other customer there.

When I reached home, I opened my to go box and found out there was no rice at all, just the mac salad along with my chicken. I was so disappointed. I went back to l&l to get my order fixed. As no surprise, I received no greeting from Daniel again. I told him about my rice that was supposed to come with my meal. He gave me a "sigh" right in front of my face and turned around and scooped rice and placed it in my to go box. No apology was given when he returned the box. Just quickly turned around and went about his business. When I returned home, I opened my box and found a 1/2 scooped rice in my box. Not even a full scoop was given to me after I drove all the way back there. 

It is quite clear Daniel (Danny) isn't paying close attention. Not only is he rude, he is an example who will drive l&l customers away from the restaurant. He ruined my whole experience and I will never come back there. I encourage all l&l customers to stay away from that establishment. I would give this place "Zero" stars if I could because of Daniel.

The company should FIRE Daniel. He is not a good example of an L&L employee. The total opposite actually.
I've long looked over L&L as an option for eating in my part of the hood. Yes, this L&L happens to be off of Valley View and Nellis Blvd. I decided to pop in there today as I was running errands and because I am on a tight budget right now, I just didn't have it in me to drive myself anywhere else in the valley.

Let's start off with the pro's:

The restaurant is very clean, tables and seating look new or if not, very well taken care of. The service was impeccable, incredibly nice, happy, and genuine. The food came out relatively quickly.

What I ordered:

Curry Chicken Katsu Bowl: Meh. The bowl was almost over halfway filled with rice, very little curry sauce. It could have used A LOT more curry sauce. The veggies were pretty obviously of the frozen variety, topped with those carrots that have the weird ridges on them... I don't know what the appeal of having carrots like that is. I'd rather my food just look like what it is supposed to look like.... no some weird machine-manufactured vegetable. The chicken, although moist, was kind of bready, and not in a good way. 

Spam Musubi: Yum! I really liked it. Perfectly and tightly wrapped, plus just enough sauce and salty spam. I would order this again.

Overall... I like Aloha Kitchen over L&L and AK is closer to my house. I don't think I would completely take this L&L off my list, but it's not high up either. If I go back, maybe I should try the BBQ.... hmm.
Why oh why did I waste my time here? This food flat out sucked! I should've listened to that little guy on my shoulder telling me to stay away! Sorry dear Aloha Kitchen. I have betrayed you........

The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because the workers were very nice. I ordered the half & half combo (chicken & beef) with all rice. I got my food pretty quickly and was ready to conquer this meal I thought would've at least been decent until I opened the box. :-/

The beef was so fatty! It didn't taste that bad but the task of pulling the good part of the meat off of the fat just killed my vibe. The chicken was okay until I bit into a piece that still had the skin attached. Not to mention the rice was mediocre. The $10+ dollars I paid for this was not worth it. The Pepsi was the only highlight from my visit. If you want the real deal Holyfield, drive down to Charleston and stop at Aloha Kitchen. That place has me begging for more while this place just.............? I'll let you fill in the caption!

P.S. The one on Maryland Pkwy is even worse than this. Stay away!
I love their chicken katsu. It's always fresh and crunchy everytime I get it.  Its on my way home from work so I usually stop by. The cashier is real nice and the food has yet to disappoint.
I love this food I can eat it everyday . They always treat you  so good the food is always better than the last time I ate it . They are fast with all the food   . I love the music they play . Lmao it's a great place to eat .
I don't know what it is about mainland L&Ls...but the food just doesn't have the same taste as L&Ls back home in Hawaii.  The food is edible and very bland.  Beware when paying, though.  The prices on the menu board say one thing, but check your receipt...you may have been charged more.  I brought this to the attention of the worker who was ringing up my purchase, and his response was "I can't do anything...that's what it says on the computer."  Really?  Businesses need to realize they can't advertise their price publicly, and then charge more at the register.  Very bad business practice!
This is not the L&L food that you would get in Hawaii. Food had zero flavor. Was looking forward to the gravy fries but was so disappointed that the fries weren't salted and also the gravy was bland. Shrimp curry was the worst I've ever had. The shrimp had a mushy outer coating and the curry was Indian based? Also there was so little curry that it barely covered my rice which was probably a good thing because it was green and tasted so awful.
Great local-style Hawaiian grindz in Summerlin?   YUP!
I've been loving the katsu from this place since they were at their original location on Sahara and Maryland Parkway.

Everything that we have tried so far has been great.
The Katsu is a perfect blend of juicy and crunchy and their katsu sauce is my absolute favorite.
The Bar B Q beef is juicy and not dry.  Unlike other Hawaiian places, they don't need to compensate for mediocre food by over-marinating.  

Other favorites include:
- Portugese Sausage Musubi
- BBQ Chicken Musubi
- Curry Katsu 
- And of course, their Authentic Hawaiian cakes imported direct from Mike's Bake Shop in Waianae!! ! 

They don't always have the cakes, but when they do, you had better grab one.  As a matter of fact, we have a fresh Dobash in the fridge right now and I hear the milk just calling my name.  I'll get back to you guys later.
Off the beaten path of the Vegas strip lays this cute and delicious Hawaiian BBQ place in Summerlin! 

Their chicken katsu is one of the best ones I've had by far. The katsu had the perfect combination of crunchiness to juiciness. Their grilled chicken had excellent flavor. Don't forget to pick up some dessert! The Chantilly Coco Puffs are a must.

Excellent food, SUPERB prices & awesome staff, what more could you ask for!?!?!?
It was Thanksgiving Day my gf and I were starving!! =( 

We stumble upon this aloha island restaurant that made this cold weather feel more snuggly! I was really surprised how fresh the food was Thanksgiving Day. I'd fly back for some more macaroni if I can!  Chicken katsu was too delicious! Definitely a fan of this place and they were really clean and accommodating to all my questions about how to food was prepared.

The place gets a little bit busy sometimes but its well worth the wait. I would definitely come back to visit whenever I am in town again.
Can't say enough good things about this place, I just love going here.  my favorite items are the Chicken Katsu(best sauce in town), teri beef, loco-moco, grilled Mahi, and mac salad of course.  And not only is the food excellent, the staff is super friendly.  Many times I come in by myself, and they always manage to take the time to talk to me and make me feel like family...
Like others have said, great hawaiian grindz in Summerlin.  Like most places like this it's cheap and you get a ton of food.  The katsu is what I get probably 2/3 of the time or the chicken combo with katsu and BBQ chicken.  The mixed BBQ plate is solid of course too.  I have eaten at a half a dozen or so hawaiian places while I was looking around for a good one and this is it, I can't really imagine what a place could do to be better, maybe just as good I guess.  Once in a while I venture out and try a new place and I am usually disappointed.
CHICKEN KATSU! 
im giving this place a four stars cause of the katsu. Thats the only thing i got here so far!! lol 
but the chicken katsu is super soft and yummy! better than l&l and aloha kitchens.. Good job!

i live like 5 min from this place so i should try out other things from here:] i will be back.
I love this place! Today I called in an order because I knew I would pass this on my way home. When I got there the cashier was apologizing about the short ribs ...he said some looked a little small. When I looked at it I was like OMG! this is more than enough for me. I can't even finish it ...and believe me I tried. I just found out they can customize combos for you which is great on days like today where I didn't know what to have ..chicken or beef? It was so good and most important the rice and the macaroni salad tasted just right. The macaroni salad also comes with the combo. Even though L & L is much closer to me I prefer this place because of the great service, the food tastes better and you get bigger portions.I also like that they have a variety of different desserts to choose from on a daily basis.
Delish Hawaiian food! The grilled island chicken was delicious, with the exception that it was very greasy. They give you an insanely huge amount of food here, so be prepared to have leftovers! The combo plates are enough to feed 2-3 people, depending on appetite. A ways off the strip, though, but so worth the drive!
Tried this place out since it got a good review...ehh overall it was okay. I ordered the Shaka Box which had a slice of spam, teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef, and a mahi mahi. The amount of food was a lot, so of course I couldn't finish it (leftovers for work). 
The place is small so if you have a big group of people order take out. Prices are not bad at all for the amount of food you get. The combo I got was only $7.95. The spam musubi was $2.15 for one, which is a big size for a spam musubi. However, it was ridiculously packed with too much rice. Yes I know it's suppose to be like that but seriously you couldn't really taste the spam.
The spam and eggs with the sausage and gravy was really good. The chicken katsu plate was huge. The portion size was awesome. Over all I had a good experience. I would definitely go again. And again.
Service is accurate, fast and friendly. The garlic shrimp is one of the best I ever tasted! My family loves the kalua pig and kalbi. The Mac salad is soooo Ono! Price is about the same as the rest of the Hawaiian places. Small seating area, so be sure to claim a table quickly
I had the loco moco ( rice , egg ,hamburger patty an brown gravy) it also came with mac salad.  The burger patty tasted homemade very good . The gravy was also v good.  I also had a spam musubi it was solid .  Everything was good  but did not blow me away  . If I was in the area would not hesitate to stop by.
Hands down the best Chicken Katsu in Las Vegas! The Katsu sauce is really what makes it even better! Their portions here are big so it is well worth your money that you pay for it! 

Since I moved here from Hawaii 7 yrs ago, I was always craving plate lunches like at L&L and was glad to find one here, but I was really disappointed with the food there. It was overpriced and greasy....I'll write a review on that one later! We stumbled upon this place when I was working at Smoothie King across the street, my parents were waiting for me to get off work and ate there, of course getting me a Katsu Plate to go. I was a regular there quite frequently. Some of my other favorites was the Mahi Mahi plate, Loco Moco, Teriyaki Chicken Burger, Katsu Curry (Chicken Katsu plate with Curry on top), and Teri Chicken plate! 

They served Poke here once in a while and the Chantilly Cocoa Puffs too!! 

Its sad to say that they have closed down on December 24, 2010. But they said if things get better, they may open up again! It was a good run while it lasted....now where the heck am I supposed to get bomb Katsu????
Always excited to see a new place open, I tried this one the first week in.

Now granted, probably the first month of a restaurant opening is crazy until all of the kinks are worked out of it.  I do take that into account.

The first thing I noticed was that there was a huge line of people waiting to be seated, and half of the booths and tables were empty.  The teeny bopper hostesses (I have never seen three hostesses before, especially in the morning) were behind the counter chatting and talking badly about some of the customers.  In addition, there were lots of wait staff just hanging out in different areas.  Even if you're waiting for a table to serve, you probably shouldn't just stand there with your finger up your nose in the middle of the dining area.  At least pretend to be busy.

Finally, we were seated after a 20 minute wait.

The breakfast menu is pretty decent, various omelets, pancakes and waffles with a Hawaiian theme.  I had the Maui Jim's Crab Cakes Benedict.  Yeah yeah, I know, eggs benedict again?  I'm always in search of a good one.

The waitress was pretty nice, but the food was a little slow.  Seriously, eggs benedict shouldn't take long, if a kitchen is prepped properly, crab cakes or not.  The coffee was a little watered down too.

The hollandaise sauce tasted right out of a package, a little powdery gritty with a little too much lemon.  Trying to hide that package flavor eh?  One egg was slightly overcooked while the other one was extremely runny.  Er..not even sure how that could happen, they were the same size.  The crab cakes were nothing to scream about either.

Just a note:  If you ever want a bone in ham, you need to actually see the bone in.  Maui Grille's "bone in ham" is actually a processed piece of meat, and pretty pricey for fake meat.

So in conclusion, the food and service was average, and not really worth the price.  The smidgen of a plus was the design of the building.  The entire center of the restaurant opened up into a sun filled patio with a little water feature in the center. 

I may go again to try out lunch or dinner.  Maybe it's better then.
This restaurant has only been open for a very short time and is terrific in my book. As far as portions go, I think that these people on these boards are just cheapo's looking for more than they paid for. I have eaten there upwards of 15 times in 1 1/2 months and loved everyone of them. They have kincks to iron out but should be supported in there efforts. They love criticism and try to change anything that the public doesn't like when possible. The owners are on site (a family I might add) and are always open to suggestion. They have a homey feel there. Everyone talks to you and really wants you there. The bar is beautiful and has a great variety of wines and beers. The music is awesome and relaxing, fountains and patio are soothing. What's not to like about that place???????????
We went there for brunch this morning.  The lack of cars in the parking lot should have been a sign to turn around and head for IHOP or Village Inn, but we decided to take our chances anyway.  

Boy, what a waste of time and money!  We were seated quickly, but that is the only positive comment I can think of.   Oh, it was nice to have real flatware and a cloth napkin.  There.  Two things.

Food:  We ordered the pineapple with brown sugar and coconut as a starter.  After the almost 20 minutes it took to arrive, we were expecting something fantastic.  It was good, but not anything I couldn't have made myself and certainly not something that should take 15 minutes to prepare.  I mean, it's just a pineapple with brown sugar, maybe some margarine (I gather they don't use real butter at the Grille -- keep reading.) and some packaged coconut.  Hint to Maui:  use freshly grated and toasted coconut and make sure that the pineapple has been broiled long enough to get the sugar to actually melt.  The sugar scrub consistency of the topping wasn't quite what I was after.

My husband commented that with the time it was taking, we'd end up with our meal right on top of the pineapple.  He was right.  We hadn't eaten but two bites of the pineapple and there were our meals.  If you're going to call it a starter, you should serve it prior to the actual meal.  

I ordered the longboard combo with pancakes and sausage.  The pancakes weren't even as good as Bisquick pancakes, despite tasting suspiciously like a premade mix.  They were a stranage mix of rubbery and powdery, sort of cold, and were served with margarine and "maple" flavored corn syrup.  Gross.  If I'm going to eat pancakes that cost $9, I expect real butter and real syrup.  Or at least amuse me with homemade fruit/flavored syrups.  Even though the menu says they have pineapple and coconut syrups, I was never offered them by our server.  Not that they would have helped the dismal pancakes at all.  I think the sausage was previously frozen.  I don't know.  I didn't eat them.  But they certainly had that pre-fab look to them.

My husband got the crab cakes benedict.  The first thing I asked him was if the potatoes were freshly made or frozen.  We're pretty sure they were frozen.  The Hollandaise was definitely not from scratch.  Probably the crab cakes were commercially made as well.    Chef Gordon Ramsey would say, that's being a "fake chef".  

Here's the thing.  If the food had been truly inedible, I would have sent it back.  Instead, it was unimpressive and disappointing.  I ate it because I was hungry enough to do so.  If we had been at home, the dogs would have gotten most of my meal.  Then again, if I had been at home, I could have made better pancakes.  With real butter and syrup.  Lesson learned.

The Maui Grille has such a unique opportunity and they're wasting it with mediocre food and slow, apathetic service.  We were expecting a tropical twist on our food (how about using real ingredients for starters?), some island flair, something memorable.  Too bad they haven't quite gotten it.  I can't see Maui surviving out here if they don't shape up their menu offerings and food quality.  I can't say I'd be game to try lunch or dinner here, either, after our bad breakfast.
I had a great lunch at Maui Grille! The decor is kind of bland Hollywood Hawaiian, but ignore that and dig into the lobster club sandwich. Yum!!! As Yelpers may be aware, I'm like a seafood junkie. I need my fix often!! And it's hard to find good seafood in the desert, so when I do find something fabulous, I go for it.

So do like I do and go for lobster club the next time you're way out west!
I went to Maui Grille when they first opened and have been there probably a total of 3 times now, I think this place has a lot of potential but I find there's always something off about my meal, once I ordered the macadamia crusted tilapia and I think the rice they served with it was the blandest rice I've ever had, and then I can recall another time ordering a shrimp dish, where out of the 4 island sauces it was paired with I think I only found 1 enjoyable and I quickly ran out and don't remember the server coming back before finishing my meal that I could get more.

which is a shame because I am one that reallly enjoys seafood and I want this to be an option for me and it could be, just the food tends to be bland so more often than not I would find myself going for another option.
Sadly, The Maui Grille is no longer in business
I must preface this by first saying that I am not Hawaaiian. That aside, I do like food.

The teriyaki sauce in this place is to die for. Their teriyaki cheeseburger is one of my favorite burgers in town (even above In and Out). It's not too big, but it has tons of delicious flavor. And because it's the size of a burger that you'd probably make at home, you don't feel disgusting after eating it.

Their macaroni salad (not vegetarian safe) is creamy and very good. It has a small amount of tuna(I think) in it - and while that may sound gross, it's actually quite awesome. Just trust me.

Their short ribs are kind of fatty and I didn't like them very much, but everything else I have tried (including the gravy) is yummy.
Small little place in a strip mall with good food and friendly service.  The teri beef is tender and has a good flavor evident from true a true overnight marinade.  Most places will not properly marinate resulting in more or a bland flavor.

The Saimin noodles is probably the best in the valley at a Hawaiian joint.  Flavorful soup base and tender ramen noodles.

I fancy the B-1 mixed plate - hamburger steak/teri beef/curry
Don't be alarmed; whoever entered $$$ for Aloha mistyped.  This is a casual, order-at-the-counter place with a good take-out business and 8 tables for eat-in.  Prices are very reasonable, with most entrees averaging around $6-$7.  

It's clean and nicely decorated, with bright yellow paint and a giant Hawaiian shirt on the wall.  The menu offers a wide variety of Hawaiian specialties like kalua pork, katsu and other curry, a few shrimp dishes, saimin and fried saimin noodles, etc.  My personal favorite, and the one I ordered while there,  is loco moco: hamburg patties topped with a rich, brown gravy and fried egg over white rice.  Macaroni salad on the side.  It was delish, just like in Hawaii.  Best of all, many entrees come in a mini version, less food and less cost. Hawaiian food can be kinda heavy, so the mini option should be much appreciated.
I wanted something different, something I'm used to from home.  First thing that popped in my head was eating at a Hawaiian place, but I didn't feel like driving down Rainbow to get it.  i was on my way to get my husband for lunch when I saw this place in the same strip mall near an Albertsons.  I figured, "why not?" and went inside.

It's fairly small so there isn't much seating, but from the looks of things people order take out A LOT.  That's a good sign.  I checked out their menu, and it's nice and simple.  It's the same menu I've seen at several Hawaiian bbq restaurants around town, so I went for the usual chicken katsu with steamed rice and my husband ordered fried shrimp and their seafood platter.  

Despite having several dozen options for Hawaiian bbq around town, this one is now on my list of favorites.  Their fried foods are awesome and not greasy like some places, and their batter has great flavor.  I love panko breaded anything, and their katsu and fried seafood is all panko.  I loved that their katsu sauce, whether it's from a bottle or not, is sweeter than the other places, but still has that nice tangy finish with a bit of heat.  

We tried their kalua pig and other things on the menu a few days after and it was all good, even when doing take out.  Their mac salad is good, too, and different because they add tuna in theirs.  They are known for their oxtail soup, which I will try eventually.  Overall, it's a great stop for some good Hawaiian fast food.  I actually prefer them over the other places around the northwest area.  

Clean, friendly. and fast.  They may not have the dessert menu that some other Hawaiian bbq places have, but do you really go there for the cake and ice cream?  No. You go there for a simple, fast meal that's good, and they do it well.

Stop by and try out their food.  Some people may argue that it's like the other Hawaiian bbq places because of the menu, but this place tastes better, cleaner, and less greasy.  That, and their employees give great service.

Give this place a try if you live in the area.  I know the location looks fishy because of the stores next to it and it's in this tiny strip mall building, but it is good.  I even questioned myself because I tend to stay away from places like that...at least, I used to.  I've learned that these places, despite location, can fork out some of the best food you will eat in Vegas, so give it a try.  

Aloha!
Great portions at a great price with fast and friendly service! I stopped by here on a Saturday afternoon to try their fare. I must say that the BBQ mix plate is enough to feed 2 or more people! The meat was all very flavorful and crisp on the outside while still juicy on the inside. The rice was cooked to perfection and the macaroni salad was a nice complement to the meat.

 I will be back fo sho!
I went here because I was craving for some oxtail soup and since none of the other places were open and didn't want to wait until 11Pm to go to the Cali hotel, I decided to try this place. It wasn't too far away from home. When my bf and I walked in we were greeted by a lady, she was very friendly. 

The oxtail soup was pretty good, not too salty, and was  missing a little bit of flavor. Once you add the ginger in it makes it just right. I would come back here again since it's the only decent Hawaiian food in the Northwest side of town.
I find most Hawaiian plate places are pretty much the same, but on occasion a certain place might surprise me on the little differences that can set them apart even though they're serving the same usual menu. 

We grabbed a Combo Plate C-3 which is BBQ chicken, fried shrimp and mahi-mahi ($8.20) and a mini chicken katsu ($4.95). 

They give you the option of steamed rice or fried rice. Now normally I stir away at Chinese places that have lunch specials with fried rice since i usually gets the Panda Express treatment- just taste like soy and oil and not much else. I figured I never had fried rice at a Hawaiian place so we ordered one entree with the fried rice and one with steamed (just in case). 

BBQ chicken was nice in flavors and  give the teriyaki sauce a try with it. Normally I skip the sauce since most places it's this thick sticky cloyingly sweet salty thing. Theirs is light, kinda with a garlicky taste and you can taste some ginger in there. A little bit complimented the meat instead of overpowering.

Fried shrimp- standard, but good. Batter is light with some panko and you can see the fryer oil is clean since the batter taste how it should. 

Mahi- not in the panko batter, but this was decent. My problem is some places give a super thin piece that it's eating batter with a side of fish. Also many places it's fishy and it's something to skip. It wasn't bad here. 

Katsu was great. Light batter and panko since a lot of places overdo the batter and use it to mask the not so quality, fatty chicken. White meat, clean batter good sweet, but a bit worstershire-sque sauce. 

Fried rice was pretty good! It had a sweet shoyu taste and just simple with egg so it's not overly flavored, but just enough. It's also not greasy either. 

It's the little details that count and what makes this a better plate option over some of the competitors close by.
This is my favorite Hawaiian place. I love the selection of food and I love the food as well. The service is always quick and friendly and the restaurant is always clean. They have a large variety of dishes that are cooked just right and at very good prices. 

My favorite dish here is the fried Scallops. It's something I don't see at a lot of Hawaiian food locations. Nice Panko breaded Scallops that are not overcooked. Writing about it makes me hungry. 

The Fried Rice is really good too. They exercise a good amount of restraint when it comes to seasoning which makes for a nice Fried Rice. I decided to grab some Shrimp Fried Rice and I got a Shrimp in every scoop of Fried Rice which makes me smile. 

The Oxtail Soup will put you to sleep faster than a Thanksgiving Turkey dinner. Salivate and snore lol. 

I like the Chicken Katsu and the BBQ chicken as well. They are not boring pieces of chicken flavored cardboard like some of the other places, these are nice and flavorful. 

Even the side dishes are good here. The Mac Salad goes good with anything. The Portion sizes for all the dishes are just right. There are regular sizes and small sizes so you can't go wrong.
Great Hawaiian/Local Food.  The Sweet Sour Spareribs is one of my favorites!
I was getting my car serviced and decided to eat here. I ordered the spam fried saimin and mini kalua pork. They give good volume for the price and I was happy with that. It doesn't seem too busy though. When I went there was no one there and the cooks was just sitting down on one of the tables.
I have been to probably four or five hawaiian bbq places in my 29 years of life including this bad boy. I must say that, from my experiences, Aloha Hawaiian BBQ is atop the list. 

Before I begin, I want to start off by saying I wouldn't take my opinion on hawaiian food as seriously as the big, tattooed guy with black beads around his neck that lives down the block. I know good food and I know good prices. Aloha has both.

Today I purchased the 'Bar-B-Que Mixed' that was only 8 bucks. This meal consisted of fried rice, macaroni salad, BBQ short rib, BBQ chicken, and BBQ beef. The portions were fair for the price of admission and all of the meats had a distinct sweet / teriyaki flavor. If you are anything like me, teriyaki = mouth orgasm. From what their website says, the chicken, kalbi, and beef are marinaded in teriyaki before going on the grill. If you can complain about that, you will NEVER be a friend of mine.

Since I ordered my meal over the phone to go, I can't comment on the cleanliness of the restaurant or the service inside in detail. From what I saw, however, the restaurant was clean and the man who helped me was friendly and knew the menu. 

In the end, Aloha Hawaiian BBQ will be my place to go in Las Vegas for Hawaiian BBQ. The only reason I gave the place a 4 out of 5 is due to the fact that there can always be room for improvement (especially in price) and the meat was, in fact, a little bit thin and gummy (but I still assure you ; tasty).  

If you are in Las Vegas and want to escape to Hawaii for the duration of a meal, Aloha Hawaiian BBQ might just be your place.
When I really think about it..I realize how many ways can you make spam musubi? its relatively simple, but although its simple, to me its addicting i don't know, i think i just have this craze for SPAM!!..anyways..i've tasted it at many places, when i ate here, it was good, nothing spectacular but good...what I was really amazed was with the Oxtail Soup. It was real good. This little place served really good oxtail, almost as good as the one at the California Hotel, You know the one they serve for 7.95$ but only as a graveyard special. Yeah that good, except this one was 1$ dollar more, but available all day. So I tip my hat to them for making good oxtail soup..but i give it 3 stars b/c I haven't tried anything else lol
Great place for local people. Not a destination by any means but it does served up so great food. 

I got the mini curry katsu. It was crispy and soft with enough curry just penetrating the exterior to soften it up a bit and really give it life. It comes with a very generous portion of rice and the always present macaroni salad. 

My girlfriend got the Chicken BBQ mahi mahi and shrimp combo. Lets say she could not finish it. A taste sensation? Sure if but to my honest opinion it's like the Hawaiian Soul food to be honest. Stick to your ribs food in it's pan fried, deep fried and BBQ-ed glory. 

Our tab ? under $20... You'll never spend more than $10 per person coming here.

There are usually two people manning the station up at the register. They are nice enough. The humongous 6 person T shirt adorns there walls. And Let's face it if you end up here ambiance wasn't what you were looking for in the first place. So stop by and get some Hawaiian classics. You might see me there for sure.
Best Chicken Katsu in Las Vegas!!! To die for. Almost everything they have is great. Love the mac salad.
I've had better Yelpers. This place wasn't bad, but I won't be back. I was looking for that taste. You know what I'm talking about.
best Hawaiian food in vegas, it's that simple.
I don't get it. I really don't ....

Big portions don't mean it's good food. But, my family, who lives there in Las Vegas tends to think so. I guess if you pour enough shoyu or chili pepper water on something, you can't taste how bland something is. And that's what I thought about the food my family picked up for a small gathering at my mom's house. 

Chicken katsu, fried noodles and teriyaki. Lots of food - gotta give them that. But it stops there. Katsu was not crispy on the outside or moist on the inside. Damp is the word that comes to mind. Teriyaki was overdone. Looked ok at first glance but at first bite, overcooked. Fried noodles was ok. Frying noodles is hard to mess up, like cooking rice. For my taste though, the noodles could have used a little more salt and or shoyu. 

To each their own - some may like it because they don't know any better. Others may like it because it's all they can get now. Me, I don't and won't settle because I can and will just fly home if I want to have authentic, Hawaiian BBQ.
Pork cutlet is bomb!  My other choice is BBQ mic plate!  And gotta have my Thai iced tea!
Got the short ribs.  All fat!  Very disappointing.  BBQ Chicken also very fatty.macaroni salad has very little flavor.  Don't trust the multi star reviews.  This place is a bummer.
We come here about once a month.
Better than other Hawaiian BBQ places, almost compares with L&L. 

We always order the saimin! It's delicious and they serve generously. The dumpling one has shrimp in it too. 

We have no complaints, good for a cheap dinner or lunch :)
I love the Mac salad, and good fried rice, people are cool there
Well, this place was disappointing to say the least. I had the loco moco and my lady had the seafood mix plate. I am from the big island and I have "my" restaurants I go too for that local food itch. I decided to take a gamble when I was in the area and man was I upset. as far as the seafood mix plate goes the scallops were ok. as for my loco moco, it was kinda lame. if you can't make a simple hawaiian dish then there is no reason to try anything else. the loco moco had frozen patties, ill give them some credit as they tried to season the patties with salt and pepper. the gravy was on the bland side and the mac salad had a flavor that was not a familiar taste. The fact that frozen patties, bland gravy, and mac salad thats not up to par is what they serve is enough for me to stay away. hint there is was better restaurants in the area for the same price.
Prices reasonable and quick service.  I had samin, which was really tasty and received a good portion. I would have preferred it served in a bowl to enjoy at the location than a deep styrofoam cup.  And Hawaiian music would have been nice to hear in the background.
It's absolutely crazy to me that you have to argue with them to get the amount of sauce that you need for a to go order, yet when you dine in, its unlimited. Makes no sense what so ever and I will not return, I'd rather make the drive to the next closest place and go somewhere that appreciates my business.
I ordered the b1 combo. It's was ono. There teriyaki beef is cherry. Recommended place to grind.
Had the hawaiin bbq chicken and beef short ribs with fried mahi and shrimp. Everything was satisfactory, fried Mahi was delicious. Second time here,  Would return and recommend.
I am always on the lookout for good Hawaiian food closer to home than what I currently am aware of.  Aloha Hawaiian BBQ I have found to be the closest.  It is pretty much like most all the other Hwaiian restaurants out here.  In fact, they all start looking alike after so long.  And the food is all about the same.  

On this visit I ordered a Katsu 1/2 plate (one scoop of rice vs two).  It came with the katsu, rice and a scoop of macaroni salad.  You know, the classics.  I also got another clcassic in Spam Musubi.  That is kind of my basic judge of a Hawaiian Restaurant.  I did not have to wait too long to receive my food.  Just long enough to witness the interaction between the cashier and the next party of customers.  All of them were of Asian background.  Their speaking to each other sounded almost angry at times.  As if they were yelling at each other.  I think I even heard them arguing on price.  Maybe it is a cultural thing.  I don't know.  It was kind of entertaining regardless.  

Any how, I got my food to go and took it home to eat in peace.  At leastsome of the food made it home.  I took a big risk in trying to eat the musubi on the road.  I did OK.  The nori was tender enough that it was not a chore to bite through.  This helped to hold in the Spam where in some cases it slides right out the other side on bite one.  What bothered me just enough to reall is the sauce on this musubi.  I am used to a more teriyaki style sauce.  This was more like a hoisin with a mildly spicy kick.  It was not necessarily bad just not what I had expected.  As for the katsu plate when I got home, it was hit and miss.  The katsu and sauce were on point.  The rice was as good as sticky white rice can be.  The macaroni salad was not great.  Half of it was burried beneath the rice and getting warm.  It was a little gross.  The final impression was that the chicken was not on a bed of shredded cabbage like at L&L but rather on a bed of shredded lettuce that wilts whe in contact with hot fried chicken.  Not the most appetizing of garnishes.

Aloha Hawaiian BBQ is not going to be my number one go-to but for a quick go-to close to home, it does the trick.
Fresh fish and good service, what more can you ask for.

Revised on 02/7/08: Updated the rating from four stars to five.  This places continues to impress me.  The fish is always fresh and the lunch special is amazing.   I tried the two item combo and it was so much food, I had leftovers for dinner.  The mochiko chicken is sooooo goood!  I highly recommend trying it!
I loveeeeeeeeee sushi!! I have been to many around the 89123 zip code and no one can compare to island sushi. It is fresh fish people!! They even cut it infront of you at times. The service is great and we learned a lot about traditional sushi. From 12-4pm its their lunch special at $20.95..yes, appetizers and desserts. Dinner cost $24.95. I highly recommend it.
This place is awesome! It's like a piece of Hawai'i here in Vegas.  The local food and ono sushi is what keeps me coming back.  The fish here is fresh and with all you can eat dinner for $24 which includes all the sushi, appetizers and desserts, everyone is happy!  The owner is a cool guy from Hawai'i and he makes it a point to walk around and talk with you, always making you feel welcome!  I 100% recommend this place!
Okay kids, I got LOST in Las Vegas (isn't that a movie with that lame-o Nick Cage, I can be wrong, no wait, I was wrong, that's Leaving Las Vegas, and I'm not wrong about him being LAME). With the new car rental terminal thingy being miles away from the airport, I got lost and wound up going the wrong direction in search of the Strip. Don't laugh at me. I'm horrible with my bearings once I get anywhere, but once I get my internal GPS going, I'm good to go.

At any rate, we wound up consulting our Garmin to look for a sushi place and were actually looking for Koto Sushi (never been, but hell it came up on our search so why the hell not), but found that was Island Sushi instead. Scared as hell that sushi can be either BOMB or ASS, we entered in and knew that it wasn't all bad when everyone, well, almost everyone except us, were island folk! No shit! I was thrilled because you want to go to a restaurant that has the people there. Go to a Chinese restaurant that doesn't have chinese people? Are you high? Anyways, real Hawaiians, real ono food, you heard?

Husbandido ordered the chirashi and was NOT disappointed. Was thrilled when he couldn't finish it (take that SF chirashi!) and saw just how much rice there was to offer. I ordered chicken katsu dinner and lo and behold it came with dessert (808 special is a must have, people). So I give them mad props. I frequent SF sushi just as regularly as I frequent my home, and it's nice to find good, solid sushi and grinds as I would at home. I would dare to say not necessarily just good...but maybe better!

I highly recommend this, even if you're not lost. It's worth a drive out, and it's not too far off the freeway to scare the crap out of you.  You will definitely have enough scratch to hit the casinos afterward. Two hungry people fresh from the plane? $34. Baller status.

Oh and the peeps that work there are really COOL! Love 'em. Mahalo!
Super great sushi joint, run by a couple of bruddahs from the Islands.  All you can eat, or by-the-piece.  Lots of options for the non-sushi gnoshers in the group - but this stuff is so good, that even the folks who are afraid of raw fish will be tucking in!  The AYCE option includes appetizers and desserts too!  (The Mochi chicken is really tasty!)

The Garlic Tuna is my personal fave, we lost count of how many orders we got last time!
Alright, so after months of aniticipation, the family and I finally packed our bags and made the trek to Las Vegas. For the kids, they were excited to see Grandma & Grandpa...as for my wife and I, well, we wanted to stuff our faces. 

Sushi Mon has been our spot for years but after some lobbying from my parents, we decided to give Island Sushi a shot... Plus, Sushi Mon can get SOOO crowded and busy sometimes. We ate at Island Sushi for my birthday and again about 3 days later. We were gonna go to Sushi Mon but I thought: "Island Sushi's a Hawaiian sushi joint, so why not patronize my people, right?"
 
Needless to say, we were not disappointed! First off their Sushi Buffet is cheaper than Sushi Mon. Second, they have that "local" taste. (Hawaiian-mainland transplants know what I talking about) Everything on the menu is O-N-O! Check out the pics I uploaded! Only thing I didn't take a picture of was the Garlic Mochiko chicken...we ate it so fast, I didn't have a chance! My personal favorite was the "Island Special"... Soft shell crab, topped with spicy tuna and eel sauce (sweet, creamy sauce) HO!!! Buss yo' Mowt!!! And it's all you can eat!!! That's just nutz... The owners name is Dean and he's a real cool, down to earth guy. He even brought out our orders when our waitress was busy... 

Well, if you're ever in town or you live Vegas and wanna try out a new Sushi Buffet, you gotta check out Island Sushi!
This place has some really good all you can eat sushi-fresh and a good variety to chose from as well! After ordering a few things we told the sushi chef what we liked and he gave us a few things to try, he was right on with that and it was very much appreciated! 

Now this was about a week and a half ago and we wanted to try it again!!! I had to be at work in 45 minutes so me and my husband decided to met there for a quick bite to eat... My only complaint is that the sushi bar is way to small, there were only about 3 seats left at the bar, 2 were together and one alone. Its very close in there and so there was not enough room for us to squeeze in there cause it would not have been comfortable. (not to mention my husband has a huge aversion to sitting next to other tables or people at restaurants, if they try to sit us next to another table and there is an open restaurant he freaks out!) and we didnt have time to sit at a table and be served so we had to leave! 

We will defiantly be back again, this place is good and the dessert is good too and included (808 dessert was amazing).

We ended up rushing over to The Ka for a quick bite, always a good place either as a 1st choice (which it usually is for us, but we wanted something new) or as a backup!
If you're going to go to an all-you-can-eat Japanese place, then this is definitely it. This restaurant is not buffet style but continuously ordering food from the menu style. The sushi here is really fresh, the food is great, and the service is awesome too. When I came here, the waiter even gave me a discount too because the sushi was taking a bit longer than usual to come out from the kitchen since the place was packed and the kitchen was a bit backed up. They even have my favorite chuka seaweed salad here too which you can order as much as you want.

Keep in mind there is a time limit on how long you can eat. I think it was 1.5 hours but I'm not sure if they will enforce it or not. Also, you can only have 1 order per person for the sweet shrimp and uni sushi.

Excellent food, excellent service, and not overpriced. Make sure to check this place out.
WOW!!!!! UNBELIEVABLE. I eat a lot of sushi and I went here based on the yelp reviews plus I used to go here when it was Koto. I went wednesday for lunch and it was $20.95 all you can eat a bargain. You get 1.5 hours of total delight. (more time than any all you can eat sushi bar in vegas for lunch) the lunch goes all the way till 4pm. Only thing on saturdays i found out by going there today that they only open for dinner for sushi. Island sushi is actually two restarants, one entrance is for their hawaiian take out and the other is a full sit down restaurant with a sushi bar. 

There is nothing negative I can say about island sushi. Every bite, every order just got better and better.  The service was the best, the sushi chef was very attentive and kept asking if were ready to order again. the wait staff consistently refilled our drinks before we were done. 

The rolls, the nigiri, the appetizers amazing!!!

Trust me Im asian and i eat  a lot of sushi this place is damn good.
If i only lived in vegas. 

1. most sushi bars fill you up with rolls that have tons of rice but not here the rolls are so tighly rolled and so little rice unbelieveble.

2. I just cant say enough good things about this place, if you like sushi you must try islands. Remember everything is fresh to order and if you don't eat a lot there is a 50% off all rolls during happy hour.

I have yet to try a better sushi bar in las vegas!!!! I hope islands does really well and never go out of business!!!!
Not a huge fan of the all you can eat mostly because you can't order half rolls which i prefer. The fish is pretty fresh though. I was disappointed because they were out of some of my favorite appetizers included in all you can eat. They also limit one dessert per person (which could be good or bad).

The hawaiian food from the grill side is pretty good. It really depends on who the cook that day is.

I recommend the:

Mochiko chicken
Garlic chicken
Unagi bowl
I've always been leary of AYCE sushi. The idea just really freaked me out and I was worried the quality would be low.. I'm now an official fan of AYCE sushi, at least if it's from Island sushi! $24.95 is a steal for the quality you're getting. 

Starters: The mini fried octupus was awesome.. as was the gyoza... as was the seaweed salad. All fresh and top knotch. 

Sushi: The owner had flown in some kampachi for our event.. WOW I wish he would add this to the menu because it was out of this world. I also tried hamachi off the menu, it was fresh and tasty. Not a hint of fishyness. The deep fried philly roll was delish, as was the island roll, and to be honest every roll I tried. I didn't bite into anything mushy or fishy tasting. 

I couldn't eat dessert.. I was much too stuffed from all the awesome sushi!! The owner was super nice, as was all the staff. I definitely recommend this as a great AYCE sushi spot!
So I have this thing for AYCE sushi. Sure, the quality isn't is as good as a regular sit-down spot, but I'd rather get my money's worth. And considering it was $24.95, you bet I was gonna stuff myself. All you Henderson residents should be aware that its just down the 215, so there's no need to go deep into Vegas itself for places like this. 

The place is rather small, and it was actually kinda packed for a Tuesday night. Thus, the people I went with were not allowed to sit at the bar because that section was already full. Service was pretty good though considering it was busy. Our waitress came by often to get us more water or take more orders for the all-you-can-eat dinner. If I remember it right, sake bomb shots were $2. Keep in mind it comes in a glass with the beer already. 

Their salmon nigiri is pretty decent, and I'd usually get that with every order I made. I also enjoyed the yellowtail nigiri because the place I normally go to in the Bay Area doesn't have it. Noteworthy rolls include the Mauna Kea, Mt. Charleston, and the spicy Mexican. Had a rainbow roll as well, but yeah it was just like any subpar rainbow roll. Do yourself a favor and get the tempura ice cream for dessert. It's pretty damn awesome, so save room for that. Yeah. I'd go again, but I'd like to try something else too.
great food & great service.  Sushi rolls were really good, and half price during happy hour (also 3 dollar asahi).  Worth driving off the strip for.  Depending on how much you eat, the all you can eat might not be the best bet.
Fresh seafood, yummy sushi, bomb service!
You bet your ass I gave this place five stars! Whoo hoo! "QOQ" will be the main focus of this review. You know, quality over quantity or vice versa? Well, this place can go either way. All-You-Can-Eat Sushi for $24.95 along with $2 Sake Bombs, ALLLLLL DAYYYYY, sounds like a win-win situation in my case! 

A few warnings before we get down to the nitty gritty part of my review:
-A 90 minute time limit to the AYCE goodness (NOOOOOO!)
-A surcharge for wasting food
-Only one order of Uni and Sweet Shrimp per person

So, the food: 
- The Uni: My first time having it, but I'm sure they did it right because the sweetness of the Sea Urchin and the gooey goodness made me want more than just two rolls. Yummy!
- Garlic Chicken: flavor overload in my mouth! Couldn't get enough of this.
- Ahi Poki: FRESH FRESH FRESH TUNA! It almost felt as if the fish were swimming in my mouth.
- Tempura Philly Roll: Fried. Cream Cheese. Fresh Salmon. I can't ask for a better combination.

All their sushi is extremely fresh and they do sushi right. Make sure you order accordingly because they will charge your ass for leftovers. For dessert, make sure you get the "808 Special", tempura-battered bananas and strawberries topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream with a dallop of whipped cream. *drools. 

With a party of 14, the service was exceptional. Our waitress kept us happy with our Sake Bombs and kept up with our nonstop demands for food.

They, also, have a pretty decent "Happy Hour", which consists of $1.50 Small Beers and $3.00 Big Beers. So, order a Big Beer and a round of Sake and you've got yourself set for about 10 Sake Bombs! Yes!

So, we walked into this place starving and left this place with our bellies full. We didn't even wanna walk the Strip, we just wanted go back to our hotel rooms and pass out. I toast Island Sushi with their $2 Sake Bombs! Yay! Island Sushi, you have got me hooked for life!
Alright! WOOOT! YAY! YEEHAW! WOW!!!!!! Oh Mah Gaw!! HELL YES!
These are the phrases and words I said while eating at this place.

I like this place, the service excellent! The people are nice and friendly! 
The sushi was awesome, tasted really fresh to me!
I like the Poki! And the CHICKEN (garlic flavored) is the BOMB!
They do charge for leftovers/waste so eat up!
Unbelievable!!! For All you can eat and $2 Sake Bombs..... I only spent a total of $40 bucks! WHY CAUSE THEY DESERVE A BIG TIP! :] 

I'll definitely be coming back. Worth coming to and visiting (Better then most Buffets in Vegas)
The second day of debauchery in Vegas involved the all-you-can-eat sushi lunch buffet. This place was absolutely amazing. For $20.99 for lunch, you can eat unlimited appetizers, unlimited sushi rolls and nigiri, and one dessert.

We came here STARVING. It was around 2pm, and we had just come back from swimming in the nice pool garden at the Venetian. So believe me when I say that we were incredibly hungry. The server took our order for appetizers, and we got miso soup, edamame, mochiko chicken, shrimp tempura, and maybe a few other things I don't remember. The shrimp tempura is only two pieces per order, so order several if you actually want to eat a decent amount. And who cares, it's unlimited anyway.

Notable rolls: Black Widow and the Mauna Loa. Although to be honest, we tried everything that had soft shell crab in it and that was amazing too. We must have put through a gajillion orders of rolls and they got vanquished within two minutes of being placed on the table. The nigiri came last, and avoid the squid because it's super rubbery. The salmon was decent, and that's pretty much all I tried because I was saving room for dessert.

I have made quite the convenient pairing, because the boyfriend doesn't like dessert and doesn't believe in always having room for it. I, meanwhile, had room for two desserts (I learned my lesson after the Mirage incident, see previous review). So I took my tempura ice cream (with vanilla ice cream, it was delicious) and then I took his green tea ice cream, which was a great way to round out the meal. After that, boy, was I full.

I would come here again in a heartbeat. The fish is great, the sweet sauce they use to cover it is not too overbearing, and for all you can eat, this can't be beat. I would take a taxi from the strip and endure the $$$$ cab ride just to eat here again.
My friends and I were here in June and they were packed ~ the table wait time was 5 minutes.  Our server was friendly and knowledgable, food is good but it's the dessert that I enjoyed the most.  Price range is very affordable for the food and service that they deliver.  Must place to see!
Absolutely amazing!  This is probably the best deal in all of vegas if you can make your way out there.  It was so good that I went back there twice in one weekend.

The fish is all very fresh and delicious.  The best part about the rolls and nigri is that they dont overload the rice and give a good balance of fish and rice, so you aren't getting ripped off.  You also get a variety of appetizers to choose from, and I highly recommend the fried geso (squid/octopus) and the garlic chicken.  Super good!  For dessert, the green tea ice cream or the 808 special are both good and you cannot go wrong with either one.  

My friend and I went for lunch and paid 20.95, but after seeing the menu and tallying it up, we easily ate over $200, no lie.  The waitress was shocked on how much we consumed.  haha

On a side note, make sure you save just a tiny bit of space for their bakery next door.  The malasadas are very good.  The plain is the best, but the haupia (coconut) and chocolate filled ones are also very delicious.
We found the reviews on Yelp about Island Sushi and wanted to try it.   We arrived in Vegas on Wednesday, 8/19/09 and went for an early dinner.  We had the Laihana Roll, Tempura California Roll and Cucumber Salad and Shrimp Tempura

The salad was fresh and enough for two people, mind you it is only cucumbers, sliced thin and a sesame dressing, but very good.

The Laihana Roll was awesome!  A California Roll topped with chicken and mushrooms and a special mayo sauce.    The Tempura California Roll was fantastic as was the Shrimp Tempura.  The tempura batter was not greasy, it was light and crispy!   All ingredients used were fresh, flavorful and abundant.  

Price was average and well worth every penny, services was excellent and staff friendly.!
It's a really good deal for the sushi, appetizers, and dessert if you get the AYCE. The happy hour deal for 50% off sushi also seems pretty good too. Everything we ordered was tasty but the rolls had way too much sauce on them. I'm not sure what the name of the sauce is but it was the sweet sauce that's usually on unagi. I would have given this place 4 starsif they would just go easy on the sauce. A lot of the rolls seems very similar so I wish that they had more variety.
I just found out about this restaurant about a week ago and I've already been there 3 times!  I obviously really enjoyed it!  The first time my boyfriend and i sat at the sushi bar for late night happy hour which is from 9-close.  Half priced rolls and 1.50 for beers! Even imports like sapporo.
My Favorite roll that i had to go back for was the alaskan roll. They put ikura on top which is a delicious twist.  So we ordered 4 rolls and my boyfriend had a beer and our bill was $20.  unbeatable price.  The sushi is good, and even really good for a local joint,  but i give it four stars b/c quality wise, it cant compete with places like nobu.
The second time we tried out the grill part of the restaurant.  We ordered the saimen combo with garlic chicken and loco moco.  The loco moco was awesome.  The saimen, was so so, i've had a lot better.  The garlic chicken was also delicious.  
The 3rd time we went back for the sushi happy hour and it was great.  We started with the tuna poke and miso soup, both very good.  Four sushi rolls and 3 beers.  The bill was thirty something dollars.  
We will definitely go back if we are craving affordable sushi and dont feel like driving to the strip, but its not the best quality of sushi.
Amazing! 

We found this sushi bar on Yelp! while vacationing from So. Cal. Back home we've had a lot of AYCE and let me tell you- this was the best! We'll totally be back the next time we're in town.
Didn't have the all you can eat, but their banana dessert looked delish. People I went with did all you can eat, and ordered alot...i mean ALOT of sushi... 
People seemed down to earth and since I went with people from Hawaii everything seem to be goodtimes... 
I would go back for their all you can eat sushi and good times w/ good company.
Went with my boyfriend once, though we tried a second time and they happened to be closed. The AYCE includes the awesomely delicious ahi poki, which to me alone is worth the trip (it's a bit far from our side of town). The baby tako were very yummy, too! The rolls were tasty and we ordered a LOT- to the point that I think our chef got frustrated, as we saw him walk off with a sour expression & another chef meekly replaced him. The rainbow roll was disappointing as others have said, but overall the food was tasty & the drink specials were great. Worth trying, and I'd like to go back soon~
Malasadas in the States? cool! not as good as leonard's down in hawaii, but not too bad at all.

I recommend getting the pan-fried noodle combo....pretty outstanding tasty noodles for a quick lunch.
My wife and I were visiting Las Vegas during Christmas Vacation and were looking for a Sushi place on Yelp.

Island Sushi is by far one of the best sushi bars we've ever been too. Not only do they have super sushi rolls, but the service is exceptional and friendly.

Chuy was our sushi chef and he really made sure to take care of my wife as she is with child and she can't have any fish that is not already cooked.

Chuy made what we call a Chuy Special it had Cream Cheese, Cooked Tempura Shrimp, Sesame, eel sauce and a bunch of other stuff that was so yummy & very tasty!!

Also our sever really went out of her way to hook us up with appetizers and gave us several recommendations of things to try and our water cups were full without asking the whole time.

What an exceptional value and service........next time you go don't forget to ask Chuy for the Chuy Special what a treat you will not be disappointed! Don't forget to pick-up some Hawaiian Custard Doughnuts on the way out...WOW!!
HORRIBLE SERVICE.  My group waited 10 minutes to get seated when there empty tables available and the three servers walking around got the orders from everyone around us and didn't bother to ask if we wanted to order anything.  When they finally did, it took them near 20 minutes to get our first sushi orders to us.  I'm no sushi chef and I understand the restaurant gets a bit busy, but when all three servers are busy chatting away with everyone else and forgets to bring you the order you've been waiting for, 20 minutes is quite a long time to be waiting for a few sushi rolls.  Plus, the sushi rolls weren't even cut correctly and fell apart in a mess when we tried to eat the sushi.  After the first round of sushi, they asked once if we needed more sushi (and we said yes due to the pending 8 more sushi we ordered) and despite our long list of ordered sushi, it took about 30 minutes for one of the servers to come by and take our order again.  By this time I had lost my appetite and decided to pay the bill before I became even more pissed off due to their incompetence.  I'm from Hawai'i and when I saw 'Island Sushi' decided to stop in and check this place out, I really thought I would get that local island hospitality.  The only hospitality I got was "Oh, sorry ah" when they realized they forgot our table orders half and hour later.  Bad service and I definitely recommend this place if you're into spending your hard earned cash by sitting around and looking at other people eat.
Sushi IS my food of choice although I seem to have only reviewed steak houses. I do not live anywhere close to this place but make the drive as much as possible. The rolls are great and if you can handle it after the best happy hour ever, the 808 is the way to go.  The hours are limited tho and closed on Sundays..my only day off.
This is as good as it gets for me when I'm craving "home" food. 
Garlic chicken. Hamburger steak. Oxtail. Kalua pig. Poke. Fried noodles. Musubis. Spam. Sushi.

*sigh* I MISS HAWAII FOOD *sigh*

Anywhoo...
Their late night specials of half off sushi and sake is just what the Hawaiian ordered. 

The workers know some of my friends by name; it's like home. And they have sake bomb challenges with the workers. If you can out sake-bomb them, you drink all night sake-bombs for free.

Island Sushi and Grill: SAMPS THAT!!!
The Place: Clean, Casual, Nothing Fancy, Local Feel
The Service: Inviting, Friendly 
The Food: Fresh, Great Variety, Flavorful 

I've been here MANY times and can't get enough of it. 
The "ALL YOU CAN EAT" menu includes EVERYTHING!

Half Price Rolls: 
Monday - Saturday     3:00 PM - 5:00 PM, 9:00 PM - Close
Sunday                  l   3:00 PM - 5:00 PM, 8:00 PM - Close

$2.00 Sake Bombs

My friends & I usually go here before going out on the strip.

Be sure to buy the staff a round of Sake Bombs (they'll even do it with you!) (Video below to prove it) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJ5QPU2q-l8

NOTHING but GREAT EXPERIENCES here! I HIGHLY recommend it!
My boyfriend and I recently took a trip to Vegas and while we were there we decided we wanted to have AYCE sushi. I got on Yelp, found this place and 30 minutes later we were sitting in the restaurant.  Island Sushi did not disappoint and instantly cured our sushi craving. 
 We went on a Monday afternoon and  the restaurant was kinda slow, but the service was excellent. We were brought out a couple menus with descriptions and an order form. After turning in our order form we had our rolls and Nigiri within a few minutes. We enjoyed the Deep Fried Philly roll (which we highly recommend), the Mexican roll (it was a little spicy, but well worth it) and some other delicious rolls which we can't recall the names of right now. The Nigiri was all fresh. Definitely a plus when you are having AYCE sushi.  
After devouring all the sushi and Nigiri we each ordered the 808 Special for dessert (included with AYCE). This is a MUST HAVE when you go here. The 808 Special consists of vanilla ice cream, fried bananas, strawberries, whipped cream and chocolate sauce. It was so good that even after we finished it we wanted more, but we knew we wouldn't be able to eat another bite. 
We mentioned to our server that we found Island Sushi on Yelp and the owner came out to talk to us. He was a very nice guy and was happy to hear of how we found the restaurant. Everything about our dining experience here was great from the food to the service. It was only a 10-15 minute drive from the strip and well worth the trip. Next time we go to Vegas we will DEFINITELY be going here again. If only there was an Island Sushi in Orange County....
When you're as big of a sushi glutton as I am, the prospect of all-you-can-eat sushi is really tempting. But when you're as big of a sushi glutton as I am, you've tried it already and know it isn't very good or very fresh. Most places are run by indifferent Chinese or Korean people who just want to give you whatever can pass for sushi and then charge you as much as they can for it, or deep fry everything to mask the fact that none of the fish is very fresh.

Island Sushi is different. As far as I can tell, everything was nice and fresh, service was good, the appetizers were amazing (thus providing a more diversified AYCE experience than just eating roll after roll), and of course they still have to cut their losses somehow so there is a 90 minute time limit which I am totally okay with.

We stumbled out of this place satisfied and not feeling cheated, and went off to digest while firing AK47s at the Gun Store. Perfect day! :)
My sister was craving sushi so my cousin from Hawaii brought us here. We entered through the Grill side and they asked us if we wanted to order from the grill or have sushi. We stood there debating for probably 5 minutes.  I wanted both! So we sat for sushi and ordered from both kitchens. They definitely have good Hawaiian comfort food and their sushi was fresh.  They're desserts are ono too! I had a guava cake.  The prices were fair and the menu extensive.The service was very friendly and quick.  All your favorite Hawaiian dishes and sushi. If you're in the Silverado Ranch/Eastern area this is a good spot to bring the family.
The search continues to find a good AYCE sushi restaurant in Vegas...and Island Sushi and Grill has been getting quite a lot of attention as of late.

We had to see what the fuss was all about as well, so we came on a Monday night to enjoy their $24.95/pp AYCE sushi dinner.  (Lunch is $20.99/pp.)  

When you first walk through the doors, you'll find yourself at a walk up counter.  This is just the 'grill' part of the restaurant serving up lots of Hawaiian plate options.  If you make a right, you'll enter the 'sushi' part of Island Sushi and Grill and if you want AYCE, this is where you want to be.

After being seated and our beverage orders were taken, the waitress came by to ask if we wanted to start with any appetizers.  She also gave us a sheet and pen to fill out for our nigiri and sushi roll options.  

Appetizers: 
* Ahi Belly, Garlic Pepper Sauce (limit one order per person) - A small portion, but tasty!
* Ahi Poki - Pretty good!
* Deep Fried Geso - Our favorite was the deep fried baby octopus.  It comes in an order of three with a dipping sauce.  Pretty good stuff!
* Edamame
* Garlic Chicken
* Hamachi Kama (limit one order per person)
* Pork Gyoza
* Raw Crab Poke (limit one order per person)
* Tako Kim Chee Poke (limit one order per person)

Nigiri - They do give you small pieces of fish on small mounds of rice, which is a good thing. It's AYCE after all, so you can order more.  But it can be discouraging when you first see it.
* Albacore
* Amaebi (limit one order per person)
* Garlic Tuna
* Hamachi 
* Hirame
* Ika
* Ikura
* Saba
* Sake
* Scallop Mayo
* Tai
* Uni (limit one order per person)

Things we forgot to order because we were so full: Eggplant Fries, Fried Tofu Poke, Lomi Salmon, Mochiko Chicken, and Salmon Kama.

Everyone seems to rave about their rolls, but we're not big on rolls with just the two of us.  So, we didn't have any.  But if we were with a larger party, there were definitely a few that we would consider.

I wouldn't say their sushi is the highest quality, but I think people come because they do have a few other items like mochiko chicken, garlic chicken deep friend baby octopus, ahi poke, raw crab, tako kim chee poke, etc.  Like many AYCE sushi joints in Vegas, it's about what appetizers and cooked items are offered as well.

They are quite specific about any charges for leftover food - $1 for nigiri and $3 for an 8 piece roll.  So take you time when ordering, especially if you're ordering rolls.   

You are limited on one dessert option per person.  Everyone talks about the 808 Special, so we got one of those.  It's a deep-fried banana, ice cream, fresh strawberries, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce.  But our favorite was the Malasada Sundae.  One very delicious malasada cut into four pieces, ice cream, whipped cream, and guava(?) sauce.

Service was quite efficient and the waitresses were friendly.  We didn't have to wait long at all for any of our orders, which is definitely a plus.  Beverages were refilled without having to ask and any empty plates were cleared quickly as well, so no complaints about service at all.

They also offer a frequent eater card, ten AYCE and you get one free.

What makes this place a real locals' place is all the specials they offer.  You can tell there are a lot of regulars here - families, couples, singles, etc.  Some are here for the grill menu to go or the sit down sushi.  

Happy Hour: 50% off all sushi rolls + drinks specials
Mondays to Saturdays: 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM, 9:00 PM - Close
Sunday: 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM, 8:00 PM - Close

Ladies' Night: Drink Specials Only
Wednesdays: 3:00 PM - Close

Drink Specials: 
$3.00 Large Beer
$2.25 Hot Sake
$4.00 Saketini
$1.50 Small Beer
$2.00 Sake Bomb

Sushi & Pupu (Appetizer) Brunch: AYCE sushi plus Hawaiian pupu menu for $20.95
Sundays: 11:30 AM - 3:00 PM
Island Sushi was good. They had really good sushi. Went here for happy hour and AYCE for the first of 3 engagement parties. There were about 20 of us so it took a while to get started with food orders. We had to get drink orders first. Once that was out of the way, we were able to get started.

Once we put in our food order, it started coming out fast. The food was fresh and it was delicious. I would definitely come here again. The servers were nice and attentive and we were a busy group ordering a bunch of drinks and a lot of food. Topped it off with tempura ice cream and we were too full to party after. It was a good night.
Boyfriend got Bento B (garlic chicken, ahi, spam, rice, and fried noodles). For spam, that was the most flavorful slice he's had. The garlic chicken wasn't overpowering with garlic, but still had great flavor.

I had regular saimin with a spicy tuna roll on the side. The saimin was normal; I liked that the noodles weren't overcooked. The spicy tuna roll was good, with a good chunk of tuna in each piece and the right amount of spice.

Lastly, we shared butter mochi. Which oddly is like biting into a stick of butter, except it's delicious.

The service was friendly and helpful, gleaming with aloha spirit! We want to try malasadas and creme puffs next time.
It's been awhile since I've been here...
I Went last week, I remember it being better. Fish quality was so-so. Spicy Tuna was dry with no flavor. The environment has changed since the re-model. One this one trip, I went from LOVING this place to, Not going to go out of my way to eat here again.
place has awesome chicken. get the all you can eat! you will go home happy.
This is the best sushi joint on planet Earth! They have an all you can eat menu for only $24.99. When we walked in, we thought we might be in the wrong place because the front door leads you to the take out counter for Hawaiian food. However, the sushi joint is connected. 

During our order, my wife asked if they had any rolls that had sliced strawberries. Unfortunately, they didn't. However, the owner and sushi chef overheard the request and created a roll on the spot that had strawberries. That alone might warrant the 5-star rating, however, the service overall was fantastic as was the AYCE sushi. 

The Nigiri sushi is a little smaller than what you normally get at a standard sushi bar, but it doesn't matter when its all you can eat!! The fusion of sushi and Hawaiian cuisine was a little intimidating at first, but after the first bite, it all made sense.

We are tourists and decided to try a local place and we are glad we did. I will visit Island Sushi every time I go to Vegas!
AWESOME. AMAZING. BEST experience I've ever had. I recently went to Island Sushi after sifting through dozens of sugg's on Yelp. I was in town with family for a tradeshow and NONE of us were disappointed. In fact, we all agreed we'd Yelp about how amazing this place was. The server was awesome. My cousin asked if they had a roll with strawberries and they didnt, but about 10 minutes later the owner and sushi chef cam and asked what she was looking for. He custom made a roll for her.  We were all doing the all you can eat (I highly recc it), so to go out of his way to make a special roll even though we weren't paying more for us--was way too generous and was the icing on the cake.  If you are in town, live in town and want AMAZING, fresh quality sushi, check this place out.
La la lovvvve their malasadas and garlic chicken!!! The one and only place that serves authentic Hawaiian food that actually tastes like it's from home. (aside from the Cal).
Awesome deal for half off rolls! My boyfriend and I came here last night and had 6 rolls + miso soup + 4 sake bombs, for $54 total. Each roll has 8 pieces so...it's plenty of food! It's great quality and I know my sushi! 
Half off rolls is 3-5pm and 9-11pm; and half-off all-day Monday and Tuesdays. Don't get flavored sake though (it's sickeningly sweet). just stick with the $2 sake bombs for a good time.
Great restaurant...not a fan of the sushi tho. I'm a huge sushi eater and could try every sushi place in the city if I could. With the number of sushi places around Vegas, this is good, but not my number 1 choice for sushi. 

Garlic Chicken and Hamburger Steak is definitely what I go there for! And their Hawaii breakfasts for Portuguese Sausage, Eggs, & Rice...yummm! haha!

Not a Sushi place for big sushi eaters..other than that...it's a taste of 808 in the 702.
loved the eat all you can for  $24.95!
I could only eat so much, any leftovers are subject to penalty. So order only what you can finish. Service is fast,efficient and friendly.
I would go back again and again.
Went here on a recent trip to LV with the inlaws and my family.  One suggested Island Sushi.  "Sushi", I'm in!  Even though I already went on two other occassions earlier in the week, but it's all good.

For an AYCE, this is one of the better ones I've experienced.  Very extended menu for AYCE.  Included a wide array of appetizers, sushi, rolls, and desserts.  Only thing is that there are a few item which allowed 1 per person.  This was Uni, Amaebi, seared Ahi Toro, Hamachi Kama (large size, not small), Tako kim-chee, couple of rolls, and some other items. This place is where you ordefrfrom a menu , not a buffett line. Food is freshly made upon order.

Over all, it wasn't bad.  The uni was surprisingly fresh.  Amaebi...tolerable.  Other fish items, not bad...not the best quality, but again, this is AYCE.  It also included some dessert, 808 special...good. So was the malsadas and creme brulee.  Best to order one of each to share.

Of the 5 of us who ordered AYCE, we definitely got our moneys worth.  Better than the AYCE places here in LA (Joe's Sushi, todai).  Would I go back here if I return, yes if with a larger group who's not into paying $100 pp for omakase.  This place will do to get your fix for sushi...and then some.
The concept of AYCE Sushi is new to me moving here to Vegas.  At first it sounds too good to be true, followed by a sneaking suspicition of poor quality and limited selection.

Not at Island Sushi! For $20.99 at lunch ($24.95 for dinner), you get a large selection of rolls, nigiri, appetizers, and even desserts.  I mostly avoided the apps (ordered a miso soup and edamame), and stuck with the nigiri.  The fish was fresh and tasty, and the quality was just as good for the most part of some of the fancier sushi joints I have tried around the country.  If you come hungry, you definitely get you money's worth without sacrificing quality.

The atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired, as its in a strip mall and seating area is just cheap tables and chairs.  If you want a fancy dining experience, this is not the place.  I was by myself for lunch and the sushi bar has a small flatscreen TV to watch while I stuffed myself.  They also do quite a few happy hour type specials on rolls and sake bombs throughout the week if you aren't in the AYCE mood.  For your non-raw fish eating friends, the other half of the restrauant has a pretty extensive cooked Hawaiian menu.  However, I don't forsee myself trying that anytime soon.  The sushi deal here is just too good!  Just remember to save some room for that 808 Special dessert!
I love their chicken cutlet egg donburi bowl!!! Yum...It's fried chicken in an egg omelete over steaming rice complete with onions, mushrooms,seaweed sprinkles,ginger and a yummy sauce...Garlic chicken and Teriyaki is good too...Oh yeah one word MALASADAS!!! They have the best malasadas that I have ever tried. I wish they would fill it with guava anything...
Three things I don't like are their breakfast fried rice (surprisingly not tasty!), They don't have pork chops anymore, and their guava cake is not made the Hawaiian way- it's not Guava chiffon !!! 
They sale a container filled with alot of mini chocolate chip cookies for $3.00-It's yummy but ask if they were baked on that day because if not they can be hard but if it's fresh it's so chewy...
But, all the prices are affordable and did I mention the MALASADAS....
This place is on my top five of all the AYCEs here in vegas!!
it is well worth your $20.95 for lunch. its just so goood! Their side dishes are really good you'll have to try all of  them . They also have over 20 rolls to choose from they kind of cut it tiny but i guess thats good if you want to try alot of their rolls. 
i recommend the CANDYCANE roll:]
         
GESO!! omgahh you cannot go here without getting gesos (which are baby octopus goodness!) 

The only down side would be their nigiri. Last time i ate there the salmon wasnt fresh :[. but sometimes it is. but if this place isnt all that if your crazy for nigiri ive had way better quality in other sushi joints. Also their service could be slow and youll have to be patient if there is alot of people, their really nice though. 
But other than that this placeee is really really YUMMMY!! 
The sushi chef even gave me and my boyfriend complimentary SAKE BOMBS!! woot. 

and again. TRY THE GESO!!!
This is by far MY FAVORITE AYCE sushi place!  It's not that close to the Las Vegas Strip, but driving here is totally worth it.  Upon entering, the first section you're in is their bake shop where you can order malasadas and wonderful treats like cocoa puffs.  To the right is the main dining area.  You can choose to order a la carte style or AYCE.  From their regular menu, we ordered their garlic chicken, mochiko chicken, and fried noodles.  ALL TASTED GREAAAAT!  From their sushi menu, we ordered ahi poke (tuna), tako poke (octopus), ebi (shrimp), ika (squid), masago (smelt roe), unagi (fresh water eel), amaebi (sweet shrimp), and their uni (sea urchin).  We also ordered a few specialty rolls.  All were very good and fresh!  Just writing this review makes me want to drive 4 hours just to eat here!  Okay, back to their review.  Their friendly staff did a great job in making sure we had enough food and when we would place an order, the food came out fresh and quick.  This AYCE isn't your typical buffet where you get up and serve yourself.  Your server comes around and you would inform them what menu item you'd like to order.  Simple as that!  When the place gets extremely busy, they have a 90 min. time limit.  The rules are noted on each table.  However when we were there, it was pretty packed and we stayed their longer than 90 minutes.  I guess they don't want you to practically live there and live off of their awesome food.  Also, they don't like it when you waste their awesome sushi.  So order accordingly.  It's an AYCE, so pace yourself.  DO NOT ORDER RICE OR ELSE YOU WILL GET FULL FAST!  For each person, it's about $24.  Don't come here expecting to eat crab legs all day.  For $24, that is a VERY good deal for fresh and great tasting sushi.  Their AYCE menu is extensive.  Did I mention that their mochiko and garlic chicken are both delicious?  I will most definitely eat here again.
What she (Connie R.) said.

Rolls and nigiri done well.  Non-sushi foods creative, inventive, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  And Terrence (I think that's his name), makes a mean creme brulee (among so many other things).

And really, at 25 bux a head, why wouldn't I eat here every. single. time. I'm in Vegas...
I Love Island Sushi! Found it on Yelp while in Vegas. Ate there every night! There is a 50% off roll nite and an all you can eat that is soooo good. (not a buffet, just all you can order. EVERYTHING on the menu!!)
Wow, my favorite AYCE sushi in Vegas! I've been a bunch: Sushi Mon, Hikari, Oyshi and Island Sushi THEE BEST.

I love the AYCE menu. Had all the specialty rolls, nigiri, and all kinds of appetizers. I was pretty excited to see they had ahi poke, tako poke, raw crab poke, ahi belly even garlic chicken and mochiko chicken!! The nigiri had a big piece of raw fish over a small little nugget of rice (How sushi SHOULD be!)

Their plate lunches are winnahz too! I've gotten their saba and laulau plate before. They also have these bentos that come with choice of garlic or mochiko chicken and comes with garlic ahi, spam, rice and fried noodles!! All for $8. That beats Zippy's zip & surf pac anyday!! They also have a small bakery that has coco puffs and malasadas.

Definitely one of da best local places to eat in the valley!
"OnoLiscious!"  Oh my God, when this place first opened it just had the sushi side to it, obviously they are sooo Ono that they opened a fast food side right next to it, with all the Lorcal dishes back home in Hawaii are also offered here, especially the Malasadas....sooo good!  run down:

All you can Eat sushi - So worth it - get the
Poki, Lomi Lomi Salmon, garlic chicken , Heck Try all of the pupu side and sushi rolls.   My friend goes there just to eat poki and she orders literally 8 bowls, believe me you'd pay more for just 4 poke bowls normally.

Fast Food side -
Bento Boxes are a good deal
Saimin is good
Malasada's custard filled are Delicious, taste just like Leonards in Hawaii.

Only things that I'm not impressed with is there Eel and Oyakudon bowls, they are soggy and literally when I tried twice to go there and order the Oyakudon (chicken/egg bowl)  they gave me the wrong one and I got stuck with eel.  But to be fair I had a large order both times, so on the 3rd time I just ordered the Oyakudon bowl alone, and I was dissappointed.  I guess I'm used to everything else, which is 98% of the food there 100% onoliscious.  I was hoping their Oyakudon bowl would be like Ichiza's (spring mt), but this dish isn't a staple in Local Hawaiian food, it's more Japanese, so for them just to offer it is remarkable in itself.  Their Guava cake is ono too, but pricey.  Love there breakfast..mmm...mmm...sooo ONO, I'm salivating for my Home food since moving to Denver. :-( can't wait to get back to Vegas. 

Oh, forgot to mention the SERVICE is GREAT!  I've been to a lot of all you can eat sushi, actually literally every place in Vegas that has one, and some of the servers get annoyed when we order soo much and they have to keep going back.  I eat like a typical local girl, from a family where we are eating and then talking about what sounds good and what we want to eat later.  lol   Our culture , well atleast my family...We can EAT.  When you get Hawaiians and they have Puerto Rican and all the people who live to eat, you get one Hungry family.   :-)
There are so many AYCE sushi options in Las Vegas, and there are a few good ones that I have found, but this place is one of my favorites, in spite of it being really out of the way from where I live. 

I actually came here with classmates awhile back, and I was hooked on the friendly atmosphere and service, and the great food!  I love the mochiko chicken appetizer, even though I know I should be getting my belly full on the sushi and the rolls.  It is definitely a restaurant that is best to visit with at least 3+ friends, so everyone can order and sample more variety of their specialty rolls.

There has also been a 1/3 ownership change in the past few months, and minor menu update with additional items added to the menu offering. So when you go, try the new items and see if any will become your new favorites.

For me, I love the fried baby octopus and the dipping sauce that it is served with.  I dare say that it is the BEST baby squid dish of Las Vegas and would totally fit in on the menu of izakaya restaurants like Ichicha or Ita-Cho (in Los Angeles).

AYCE Price:
Lunch-$20.99
Dinner-$24.95

Sundays from 11:30 AM - 3:00 PM
Sushi & Pupu (Appetizer) Brunch
All you can eat sushi plus Hawaiian pupu menu for $20.95 (Have yet to try this, but hopefully I will soon)

They also have a Hawaiian lunch plate style restaurant, which you would actually walk into before going through the entry way on the right into the sushi bar part of the restaurant.
Island Sushi is Awesome!  I've been coming here every week for the past year + and it's my favorite sushi joint hands down.  My usual picks are
Island special, Chuey,  fried geso,  Ahi poke 
The service is quick and friendly, sometimes the sushi chefs will make random tasty tidbits and send them our way, so good!
After reading many reviews, I decided to try this place...and so glad I did.  Not only was service was great, but the food was so awesome as well.  We got there for lunch, but decided to do the dinner ayce instead.  4 bucks more and you get uni, amaebe, and so much more... what an awesome deal!  Like other reviewers had mentioned, they don't try to fill you up with rice.  The nigiri was definitely awesome, with the fish totally covered the small pile of rice.  You definitely get your money worth!  The hamachi kama was really awesome.  My bf, who does not eat ayce (strictly sashimi only), thought this place was great.
This is probably my favorite place to eat in Vegas. I usually eat on the grill side of the restaurant, and I've only been on the sushi side once, so this review is mostly about the plates they have.  I usually get a 2-item combo which is a dollar more than highest priced item...  Usually it's garlic chicken and and the chicken or pork with eggplant.  The garlic chicken is just perfect.  It's fried, and I want to drink the garlicky soy sauce that it's smothered in.  The eggplant is also really good and they can make it spicy for you.  I'm usually pretty sensitive to spicy food, but the spicyness isn't overwhelming and provides a tiny kick to your muth.  Your plate is really full of the food you order with two scoops of rice and a mac salad.  I've also tried the kalua pig and mochicko chicken.  I'm not from Hawaii, so I don't know how the kalua pig compares, but it's alright...  The mochicko chicken is really similar to the garlic chicken, but it's good in its own way.  
There isn't much to say about the service since the grill side is more of a help yourself out, but the guys behind the register are all really cool, and if they were servers, I'm sure they'd be really good. 
Also, the malasadas are great especially if they're fresh, and you can get them filled with custard, chocolate, or haupia cream.  They also have a ton of desserts displayed when you first walked in, and somehow I've managed to avoid them (usually because I'm too full to think of dessert when I'm done), but from the way they look, I'm sure they're great.

As for the sushi side, I've only gone once and didn't do the AYCE since back then they had a special for 50% off sushi on Mondays (I'm not sure if it's still there, but I doubt it).   It's been a while, but I think I really enjoyed the Hawaiian roll.  And the food and service on the sushi side is just as good as the grill side...  I can't wait to come back here and am always willing to drive across town to come here.
Found this place on Yelp while vacationing in Vegas (yay Vegas!) I'm really glad we drove out of our way for this one because it's worth the 30 mins drive and some!  Our faves include the spicy Mexican roll, big island roll, fried oysters and the garlic tuna.
Overall, not bad - a B. It's Hawaiian-style sushi, so lots pf avocado in everything, and lots of fried foods. I wasn't expecting a lot for sushi in Nevada - anyone see an ocean nearby? But being used to good sushi in San Francisco, San Diego, and Seattle, it was a disappointment. Good if you just want some cheap-o sushi.
The best AYCE sushi ever! We love that there is a variety of food on the AYCE menu, from the kitchen and sushi bar. This was the first time we tried seaweed salad and it was delicious. Their garlic chicken is tasty and salmon nigiri is flavorful. It's going to be our first stop every trip to Vegas from this day on!
Overall, this is a unique sushi experience because of the way it blends Hawaiian and Japanese flavors. It's very creative and I plan to return, maybe during happy hour. 

Favorite rolls off of the all-you-can-eat menu:
Big Island 
Island Special
Black Widow

I wasn't a fan of the Surf and Turf, the roll with beef teriyaki outside/shrimp tempura inside. Just didn't like that mix of flavors but other people in my party did. 

Had I done my homework, I would have tried the fried octopus and the spam sushi roll. How could I have Hawaiian food without Spam? 

The Ahi belly was tasty. We ordered four of those, one for each of us. Even after 10 rolls, several appetizers, many plates of sushi, I polished off the Marssala dessert without even talking. I totally felt like a pig. I was a pig.

I heard Island Sushi has an awesome brunch. Can't wait to try it. I would rank this place higher than Sushi Mon, for sure.  There was no wait to get in, the service is better, and I think the rolls are more creative. I can't compare it to I Love or Momo (apples and oranges).
This place is Great I eat there 2 times a week. Great Poke. Great fresh fish including Spicy Yellowtail and Tuna. Great Cooked food, And possibly the best dessert on earth called a Coco Puff. Tell them RN said to try one.
As Guy Fieri might say, this place is a Feast of Flavor.
The first time I came here I had the Japanese breakfast (grilled mackerel, 2 eggs, miso soup, green tea).
This time, my two Hawaiian friends took Eric R. and I and another friend to the Hawaiian brunch!
It is all you can eat pupus (appetizers) and desserts for $17.95, add $3 for AYCE sushi!
We tried so many things.  We definitely loved the salmon lover roll.  Handrolls were okay (spider roll was overfried and came with krab which it wasn't supposed to but skipped kaiware and gobo which it was supposed to).  Nigiri was tiny but it is probably okay for AYCE since we could try more.  Saba wasn't my fave and that is usually my test of sushi quality.
For pupus we had so many things - eggplant "fries" with spicy miso, fried tofu, crispy rice cake with spicy tuna and avocado, strawberry salad, cold green tea soba, grilled ahi belly and green onions, ginger chicken lettuce wrap, kimchi fried rice, ahi poke, raw crab poke, Hawaiian sweet roll French toast, and so many other things I can't remember.  Desserts: 808 special (tempura banana, ice cream, strawberries), blueberry tiramisu, warm mango mochi and coconut ice cream....the list goes on.
I had iced green tea which was very good.  Service was decent considering the amount of groups and ordering tons of things.  They were hard to find sometimes to refill drinks but otherwise very pleasant.  This was an indulgence but a good deal for brunch.  It says 90 min time limit but we were there for 2.5 hours :)
I really wanted to love this place. Their rolls are half price on Mondays and Tuesdays, so it would be a great sushi lunch option. Unfortunately, the sushi I experienced was incredibly disappointing.

I ordered an Unagi Roll, a Spider Roll, and their Ahi Fever Roll. I started with the Unagi. It was OK in flavor, but it was very loosely put together to the point of falling apart. It's really not a big deal, but it does detract from the sushi experience. I then moved on to the Spider Roll. This was the roll that made me question this place. It was flavorless and the soft-shell crab was slightly burnt. After making it through that roll, I finally got to the Ahi Fever. Thankfully, this roll was actually pretty good. I'm glad I saved it for last.

My rating for this place would actually be 2.5 stars. I've definitely experienced better, but I would probably return anyway simply because of the prices.
it's been a week since our vegas trip and our friend is still dreaming (literally) about their poke.

found this little unassuming place through yelp and we will definitely be coming back.  the lunch price was 20.95/person and includes hot appetizers, sushi rolls, and nigiri.  i love how this place is all-you-can-ORDER and not all-you-can-pick-through-leftovers-that's-been-sitting-there-for-god-knows-how-long.  the hot appetizer comes out hot because it's made to order.

you have to get the poke.  it was the highlight of my appetizer, entree, and dessert.  they even have a poke bar where you can buy poke by weight and that looked pretty delicious.

the rolls are not very big so you can try a bigger variety w/o being filled up after 1 roll.  i do think they can use a little more filling in the rolls though.  i would review each roll individually but the truth is that we had so many that i don't remember which was what.  the one that stood out to me was the one topped with slices of jalapeno peppers.. that was pretty yummy.

we tried the fried geso (whole octopus - head, tentacles and all) and that was interesting.  it's very chewy, more so than calamari, but it tasted pretty good.

i preferred the chicken with mochiko breading over the garlic chicken.  the mochiko chicken were lightly breaded, more lean, not as fried, flat pieces of chicken.  the garlic chicken looked like popcorn chicken and when i bit into it, all i saw were chunks of fat.  no thank you.

the gyoza was fried all over also, not pan fried.  i prefer the latter.  well actually i prefer the poke, i wish i had filled up the space the gyoza took with poke.

quality of the nigiri was pretty good as well.  the size of the slices of sashimi was decently proportioned to the amount of rice.  it is not top quality but you are also not paying $5-$10 per order of nigiri either.

if you wish you had more fish and less rice, then just order some more poke.

for desser we had the choice of ice cream, tempura ice cream, or the 808 special.  we just got ice cream cuz we were so full by the end of the meal and the 808 special just sounded too crazy: fried tempura banana with ice cream and whip cream etc.  it sounded like a meal in itself.

all in all we were very satisfied with our meal and glad we took the 15-min trip off the strip.  5 stars for getting what we got for the price we paid.  definitely come here with a group so you can try more stuff.  did i mention the poke was the bomb?
I live in Las Vegas and I'd say I eat sushi all over the city about 5 times a month. I frickin love sushi!
This place is pretty yummy. They have really good service. Very friendly. ABSOLUTELY LOVE their vibe the place gives off. Hawaiian music, very chill and gets pretty busy at night too. 
As far as fish goes ORDER THE 808 TUNA SALAD! Really tasty.

If youre comming here for all you can eat, I dont really recommend here. I was turned off when I found out they give time limits and only cetain sushi for it. So I'd rather go to Sushi Factory on Eastern. DONT GO TO THE ONE ON TROPICANA, its gross there. 

Also they have a conjointed hawaiian food place. Awesome malasadas!
this place is split in two.. you can have a sit down hawaiian style meal and walk into the other side for some sushi.. 

Hawaiian Side:
LOVE LOVE LOVE the ahi poke.. and u can get a pound for like 12.00.  the food is very good!!!  when i order to go i usually order the kalbi short ribs and katsu which comes with yummy macaroni salad. it's always good and fresh off the grill..  and we always have left overs.  malasadas and desserts = primo!

it's really small when dining in on the sushi side, but the sushi is good so it's worth it.   i've only been here once, but i can say that the fish is very very fresh and the service was friendly.
As a real sushi aficionado, I have to review this from the standpoint of sushi basics, and not the rolls and flavors that they have like most All you can eat sushi places.  

1.  Service - Not bad, not memorable, but I would say pleasant or neutral.
2.  Pricing -All you can eat is not bad at all, but they do limit some of the more expensive items like uni.
3.  Recommend- if you have kids under 10, go for the all you can eat. The appetizers have so many of the teriyaki chicken, beef and basics that kids will like and you do not have to order real sushi for them.
4.  Try the hawaiian grill items in the cafe next door. Great stuff.
5.  Overall - not a bad place. the authentic basic sushi's are great tasting.
So yummy! Great upbeat staff which you can understand when they speak to you. The poke is great. The big  island roll is fab. Must try the spicy mexican if you like spicy rolls.
Today we wanted to take a trek to Henderson area to visit a friend. I've been wanting to try this and it's right by their house (lucky them!). 

With so many AYCE places, it's hard to pick and choose. Even having tried many, I couldn't really pick a "best", but had more of they're all good, but here's the pros and cons of each particular place kind of answer (IE- some have bomb apps but meh sushi, great nigiri but rolls and apps are boring). I'll go on a limb that this is the best that I've had since it meets a lot of points. 

First point- appetizers are interesting, and have a wide variety. Sure, sure. Come for nigiri to get "moneys worth" but it gets a bit repetitive that way. I think I get my worth through the variety of foods I get to eat. 

Ahi Belly with Pepper Garlic- the sauce was light but not overwhelming that you can't taste the fish melty, fatty yumminess or the nice char.
Deep Fried Geso- delicious!! perfectly cooked baby octopus is always a favorite for me.
Salmon Lomi- it was just okay. It was more tomatos than anything.
Ahi Poke- very nice version. ordered 2!
Tako Kimchee- nice thin sliced octopus stirred in with kimchee.
Hamachi Kama- I love kama and theirs had such a good char and perfectly crispy skin

Nigiri- the fish was fresh. The plus to me was that they do nigiri smaller than average (dont worry- the rice to fish ratio is very fairly proportional). Now some people might be taken aback since were all used to largesse given in cuts but, the smaller cut is perfectly bite sized and gives the opportunity to sample more variety. Some of these restaurants serve a two bite nigiri and with the BFs braces and jaw he dislikes how he has to bite in half and break it to eat. 

Standouts:
Escolar/Super White Tuna- pretty good. 
Cajun Albacore- very nice seasoning and ponzu sauce
Cajun Tuna- this has the seasoning and then has a wasabi aioli which was quite unique and good
Yellowtail- this is one of my favorite fish and it was very fresh

All the rest were good too. Only one that was just okay was the mackerel which had a bit of a salty quality to it that isn't the norm. 

 We also got a special chef creation which was also a highlight of the night- it was a thin slab of rice on nori that was toasted to a crispy cake and topped with spicy chunks of tuna, thin slab of avocado, a dot of siracha, and a sweet sauce- probably eel sauce. It was very nice textures and flavors together. 

Rolls- not usually into rolls but only because most places its 90% california roll with different toppings and sauce. Boring. They had some interesting rolls. We tried The Croc which combined a few favorite elements- it has some spice, it has soft shell crab, sweetness from some unagi. Pretty good. I would have gotten more, but between just the two of us, whole rolls is a lot to eat and we wanted variety. Next time when we bring our friends to share with. They don't do half rolls, except on your very last roll you want to order.  I kept getting my favorite handroll though- salmon skin which is lovely here. 

Dessert- not just the standard ice cream or mochi, though they do offer that too. They have a malasada sundae, the 808 special and creme brulee. We got the malasada which was yummy and the creme brulee had nice flavors but it wasnt so solid as it should, more runny, but it was still good. 

I like that this place can satisfy appetizer people, nigiri people, roll people and even dessert people. It's that reason why I think this is my favorite that we can bring all types of ayce people and their needs can be met. It's $24.95, cheaper by a few bucks than most dinner ayce and I think has better quality than those that hit the $30 mark. They give you 90 minutes which I don't really need, but I just like places where they're not timing you....I think here they realize people like to pace and sometimes, you're just waiting for food since it's all made-to-order stuff. 

Did I mention the hospitality? The sushi chef/owner was very attentive, talkative and seems very cool. The staff never even let our ice teas hit halfway and came to check on us a few times to see if we want more appetizers from the kitchen. 

Oooh if I lived on this side of town I will come by all the time! Since I don't, we just have to make day trips to Henderson more often! 

Onolicious food, Hawaiian hospitality- whats not to love?!  

ALOHA!
Yummy sushi!  We finally found a place to eat sushi in las Vegas - "The Island Sushi and Grill".  It's sooo good and it's all you can eat.  The ahi, tako and crab poke are addicting! The hamachi kama is to die for! All sushi are made to order and the desserts are good.  The malassada sundae is very delish, reminds me of Hawaii....
What started out as a simple craving for poke turned out to be Poke, Sushi and Sunday Brunch at Island Sushi

for $20.95 you can choose over 25 different selections from their sunday brunch pupu menu, as well as their lunch hour sushi menu as well...easily one of the best deals in town!

Here's what we attacked:

Eggplant Fries
Tako Poke
Raw Crab Poke
Ahi Belly
Hawaiian Sweet Bread French Toast(2 orders)
Green Tea soba noodle salad(2 orders)
Deep fried Geso
Chinese Chicken Salad
Baked Manapua
Lup Cheong and Kim Chee Fried Rice
Stir Fried Udon
Ultimate Tempura Roll
Salmon Skin Hand Roll
salmon, hamachi, and unagi nigiri
Strawberry and goat cheese salad
Breakfast Malasada
PB&J Malasada
Creme Brulee
Coco Puffs
Coconut Cake with Caramelized Pineapples and Pineapple Ice cream
808 Special(Tempura Fried Banana with strawberries and Vanilla Ice Cream)

Overall, good meal, great service, and we'll be back....ALOHA!!!!
I went here solely for the malassadas. I got my malassadas and some butter mochi as well. Made the mistake of getting the chocolate filled malassadas, it had a weird slightly sour taste to it. I also got custard filled, didn't like that either. But I must say, the plain non-filled malassadas was da bomb, reminiscent of Leonard's back home with the yeast flavor. The butter mochi was ok, too oily/buttery for me.
Looking at all the good review of this place, I have a high expectation.
Unfortunately, It's not as good as I expected.

Price is good, Monday-Tuesday 50 percent off for all the rolls, dine in only.
They have breakfast and get 20 percent off from 7 am to 10 am
Wednesday night, AYCE pay lunch price and get dinner value.

Quick summary of what I had:

Fried Tako and Octopus - overcook, taste a little bitter, it's been in the deep fryer too long.

Tuna poke - lots of tuna, very simple dish, pretty much tuna sashimi mix with seaweed salad. Nothing special

Kimchee tako, nothing special. Tako mix with kimchee..

Baked mussel. a little citrus flavor mix with spicy mayo baked. Not so special either...

Lomi Salmon, go get a salsa and mix it with salmon and salt. Not my favorite, can't finish it.

Miso soup, not good...

Sushi rolls looks not great, some rolls can't hold the shape, some okay. I will leave that to "depends on the chef".

Most rolls is okay, only 1 that I think is good. Island special roll. Other than that, just so so or not good.

Freshness, average 2-3 stars. Uni is the only one I think is okay.

Ama ebi not fresh, color has changed,
Deep fried head, not crispy enough, if it's not crispy enough, it's hard to enjoy the head. 

Beef teriyaki, better than expected. thin slice beef, tender with a little fat, almost like korean style beef barbeque.

Hamachi Kama, okay. Not too dry, a little crispy outside, pretty good.

Dessert is pretty good, creme brulee, 808 special (fried banana w ice cream), tempura ice cream. 

Service is pretty good, considering on how busy it was, they did pretty good job, refilling the drinks. Although, they don't remember which sushi goes to which person, they almost don't care actually. They should care a little bit if they want to have a 5 star service.

If this is a regular sushi restaurant, only deserve 2 stars, but considering how busy they were and an all you can eat restaurant, 3 stars sounds like a better fit.

Will i be back? No... sorry.
Wow I am in love, found the joint in a strip mall but was worth braving 100 degrees with pasty white skin for Island Sushi. Didn't go ayce cos my eyes are bigger then my stomach! 

I hate wasting food so ordered ala carte with the Scotsman. Had miso, Salmon Lomi and garlic ahi tuna to start..the tuna had great flavour and was a fave right away. 

For rolls we ordered the Big Island, Mauna Loa and another one with Cali roll topped with baked scallop and mushroom on top, the name escapes me cos I am working on 4 hours sleep while writing this after a night at the BJ tables in The Orleans. 

Hats off to the fantastic staff at Island, answered all our questions, and since it was Monday we got 50% off our rolls, Bonus!
I used to love island sushi but the quality of food and service has slipped so far that I may never go back. The sushi rolls were unrolling and the amount of time for service has taken a long time even when Island isn't packed. I know that ownership has changed and this may be why the whole experience has a cheapened feel to it. I may give it one last chance in the future but if it's the same as it has been then that's that. In the meantime I will be looking for another sushi restaurant with a regular menu and an all you can eat.
My boyfriend and I came here around 9:45pm on a Thursday. I was feining for some sushi and this was one of the only spots open pretty late.

We sat down at the sushi bar and ordered  1lb of the ahi poke and five rolls. When the poke came out, we were shocked!  It was a huge mountain of poke!  We thought 1lb would be just enough for the both of us, but it ended up being a full platter of fish that could feed 4-5 people!!!

The service was great, and the food was great.  When we got our bill, all the sushi was half off too!  I guess we came during happy hour. Even more kudos for Island Sushi!

If you're coming to Vegas to party, this place will be a 15 minute drive off the strip, but worth it if you're not a sushi snob.
Worst service here, never coming here again!

I came here last night to order some poke to-go. And from what I witness and experienced, they're really unprofessional. I've eaten here before and the service was excellent then, I don't know what has happened now. I came in and the girl who worked the counter took my order. I stood and waited because everyone else that came in, was dining. Just me and another man were waiting on our order. 20 minutes in neither one of us has gotten our food. I wished that they had a seating area for pickup. But the man got tired of waiting and from what I understand, they messed up and forgot his order, he waited... and he waited too long! So he demanded his money back after he waited an hour! I felt bad for them but understood why he was unhappy. He still had to wait to get his money back, but not in cash! In a gift certificate.. HA! Shows a lot of their character. 
Should of been a hint to leave but I still waited and I decided to ask the girl how much longer because people who came in after me got their order and I still had not gotten mines. She responded to me "what did you order?" much to my dismay. She sees me standing there and didn't even bother to ask me anything. If in her mind she didn't remember me ordering, shouldn't she have assisted me to see what I needed? So I told her and then she remembers. She ran back to the kitchen and came to me and apologized and said a couple more minutes. I waited about another 15 minutes and my order still didn't come. And the girl just ignored me. I could have thrown a fit like the guy did but I realized how embarrassed they were after he did that. So I stayed patient. The owner comes to me and asks me again what was I waiting on. Are you kidding me? Did they forget my order again? After I tell them for the second time, I see him going back to scoop up my poke, literally 3 minutes later he finally comes with my order. 

I will not be coming back. 40 minutes wait and the poke wasn't bad, but definitely not worth the wait. They need to learn how to run a business and be more punctual.
I admit that their Poke was really good! As far as the sushi goes no good. The rolls are just not made that well, the nigiri was not that fresh and the service was about the same. I do not recommend this place if you are in that area go to Sin City sushi right down the street from their. The service and quality is way better.
5 stars all the way for the Poke Express... All different kinds brah- da kine wit da furikake, wit da wasabi, and da salmon one, real ono! Took out 2 pounds to come back to LA to share and it was all gone.  

Bento boxes real good too- gotta get the garlic chicken- that one so ono and make a good take out too! 

Real nice staff and real kine Hawaii folk too, so make us feel right at home! 

(Or at least, would make my parents feel right at home!) LOL!

Oh yeah- got malasadas too-- good, but I do like beignets better- no yeast/donut taste... das just me tho'.
AYCE Sushi! 

I am usually super duper disappointed with the AYCE sushi places bc they tend to limit the menu to certain items and they're usually items that I do not like... NOT HERE! Liked it all! They had my favs and usuals, scallop roll, poke, and garlic tuna. Poke was good and they give a nice size amount for one serving, garlic tuna had too much ginger and the scallops were cooked, not what I'm used to but they were all pretty tasty. The dessert was pretty good on the AYCE too. I think it was called the Island Special, basically ice cream and fruit. Simple but refreshing! 

The quality of the sushi was good, service was good and the restrooms were clean but c'mon, put some hand soap in the bathroom! They had a sink and paper towels but no soap, what in the heck?! Sorry, had to knock a star off for that, I'm a level 4 germ-a-phobe so it was real bothersome that I had to use my hand sanitizer rather than use what's supposed to be available to you by health department standards. 

One other thing that I was pretty disappointed with what that this place is called Island Sushi and a majority of the people that come in to eat here get AYCE sushi but-- they didn't include the malasadas in the AYCE Menu. Not a big deal but I would've rather have had them... Been awhile since I've had them :(

Word to the wise... You have to decide whether or not you want AYCE right away, they're sticklers for it. My sister-in-law ordered edamame and then decided that she wanted AYCE after the order had been put in and and they said that they had to charge her for it because they "can't" change it out.
We went here with a large group of friends.  The place was pretty packed - a good sign.  They were able to accommodate for our party quickly.  Service was fine - not fast, but not slow.  The atmosphere is nice and friendly - it has a great casual Hawaiian vibe.  I would say that the bento box prices are slightly higher than other places, but they give you more food than most - so its pretty fair.

We ordered the one of the meals that came with 3 items (we got the fried scallops, the veggie tempura, and beef teriyaki).  The fried scallops were sooo good!  I would come back just for those... they were large and had a great flavor.  The veggie tempura was good (it came with two huge pieces of sweet potato which is my fav kind).  Beef teriyaki was better than most places, but nothing to rave about in my opinion.  We had California rolls and a tuna roll on the side - pretty standard.  

For dessert, we got the 808 special.  It's like a banana split, but with fried banana.  LOVED it!  It came with our meal and I was impressed with the size of it considering most of the time meals don't even come with desert!

I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a chill place to have sushi.  We'll probably be back.
when we walked into island sushi, the first people we saw were some local looking people from hawaii.  so already, this is a GOOD sign! the food gotta be good here if people from home are eating here!

we felt like we were still in hawaii at this place, even our nice waitress looked like one local.  my wife did her research which is why we ended up here.  she already knew what she was gonna order so she starts rattling off a whole bunch of stuff to our waitress who goes, "you sure you no like get the all you can eat? most of those things are on the all you can eat menu.".   so we went that route.  

ordered 2 orders of teri beef, 2 orders salmon katsu, 2 orders of poke, vegetable tempura, edamame, miso soup, and somen salad.  for the rolls, we got the katsu roll, ahi fever roll, lahaina roll, california roll, poke roll, island special roll, and 007 roll.  our favorite was the the katsu roll.  i almost thought we werent gonna finish everything, but we did! every last bit.  and for dessert we got green tea ice cream (it comes with the ayce!).  by then, we were so full so we just shared one.  check out their website, it describes all the rolls on there.  

will definitely be back here again next time we come to vegas.
I've tried a lot of AYCE sushi places here in Vegas and this is definitely in my top 3.  If it were on my side of town, it would be my #1.

Our service has always been super friendly and their variety of rolls is FABULOUS.  Every roll we have tried has been really yummy.  I also love that they don't limit their menu when you order AYCE (there's lots of fun non-sushi stuff to try, too) and the servers don't act like Nazis making sure you eat every last grain of rice.   

Great place!
this place is definitely a favorite!!!

i like that they have a "local foods" (fast food) side and a "sushi side" (full service). the fast food side serves the regular island style fast food (my favorites - roast pork, garlic ahi, garlic noodles, mochiko chicken, garlic chicken and loco moco) and the  mend the weekend brunch) and bentos and combination plates, and alcohol of course. their bento boxes are a great deal! soup, salad, edamame, cali roll, and your choice of side items (i normally get a 3 item bento box with hamachi sashimi, mochiko chicken and salmon teri and if i remember right its only $17) and you get dessert!!! (i recommend the malasada sundae or the 808 special. both reeeeally good!!!

we went in on superbowl sunday for their AYCE. we caught it just in time for brunch, and their selection was perfect! its different every week, but we were lucky to try their ribs. soooo good!!! i like that they include AYCE desserts too. green tea tiramisu and creme brulee are favorites!!!

island sushi has tons of bakery items, as well as poke express, where they sell many different kinds of poke by weight, and make them to order.

now that im not on that side of town, i crave their food all the time. i try to come back as often as i can though! 

i almost forgot - service is great! everyone is very nice and theyre really attentive to their guests, more so on the sushi side. probably best service i've had for AYCE sushi.
I'm really sad I have to come back and udate my review.  We visited Island again last Friday and had a pretty bad experience.  The service was AWFUL.  We went as a group of 6.... all ordered AYCE.  We had to wait almost 40 minutes between our first order and our second.  That's really unacceptable.

As far as we could see, there were only 2 guys actually making the sushi.  On a Friday night at 6:30?  That's crazy.  And that would probably explain what the hold up was.

Our waitress wouldn't even come near us or make eye contact with us during that 40 minutes, while we were trying to get her attention to find out what was going on.  When we finally flagged down a DIFFERENT server to ask what the problem was, he acted like he couldn't care less.  "Yeah, we know we're having problems.  You have 90 minutes, don't worry."  Lame.

There were still some very yummy rolls, but worth waiting an hour and a half for?  Not at all.  

It was very disappointing.
We found this place from some of our friends who took pictures of the food and posted it on their FB. We are happy they did! The Poke Express was def. different for me. Never ordered ahi poke to go like that.  We ordered a quarter lb of the poke furikake, hawaiian, and the spicy poke. Decent priced.
 
We also ordered to go... the teriyaki beef with noodle combo & the garlic chicken combo. I kinda felt like i should have asked, "can i have some beef with my noodles?" Don't get me wrong, the noodles were good, but I felt like there was just not enough beef.... or chicken.

The staff at the Poke Express area was very very nice. But the rest of the staff behind the grill and register are kinda rude and snoody. And from reading other reviews, it seems like these people have good days and bad days. Word of advice for those moody people.... please leave your bad attitude at home. Its a good thing that the food and the Poke Express person was nice, or i would give this place two stars.
Only place you can find Fanta Fruit Punch!  Liking the malassadas too :)
My cousin took us (and about 10 other members of my family) here for dinner.  3 stars for quality of food and additional star for selection of food. We all got the all you can eat sushi, and for 10 fatties, it was a great deal.. 90 minute time limit was more than enough to stuff our faces with sushi.  I have to admit that the Nigiri was totally worth it.. fish to rice ratio was great.  Big pieces of fish with smaller amounts of rice made the hamachi nigiri a go-to favorite of the night.  Another must is the eggplant fries! My boyfriend isn't a sushi fan, but he loved the garlic chicken and the eggplant fries. 

Another aspect on their menu is the malasada sundae... and their desserts in general.  A lot of sushi places just have green tea or mochi ice cream as a dessert... Island Sushi has tempura ice cream, brownie sundaes... yum.

 I would definitely come back on my next Vegas vacation.
Not to bad for the all you can eat deal

Service was great

Bring a big appetite
I'm not big on giving 5 stars but I think this place deserves it. I have been searching for THE sushi place in Vegas and now I have found it! This is clear across town from where I live, but worth the drive every once in a while. I have been reading the reviews for the place and it had me so excited! Finally, for my bf's birthday, who is a sushi fanatic, we tried Island Sushi.

I like the idea of hawaiian fusion mix. We got here, a small sushi restaurant connected to Poke Express, and sat at the bar. We arrived around 4:15p, so it was still early and there weren't many people here at all. I think our sushi chef, Terrence, seemed like an owner or something. Not sure, but he was awesome! I told him it was our first time there and we had heard about it from Yelp, and he explained everything to us and gave us a special treat in the end.

So first off, we are Uni fans. HAD TO try the uni. It was fresh! Also had the hamachi and salmon. And some other stuff, don't remember. But everything was fresh. They also had a good variety of appetizers to choose from, different types of poke, some traditional sushi apps, and some hawaiian type apps. We ordered... hamachi kama (not a big fan but it wasn't bad), eggplant fries (YUM!!), crab poke (didn't know how to eat it!), little fried octopus (like calamari and it was super yummy! it looked cute too), also.. a couple other things. Can't remember it all, but nothing disappointed me at all. Some went far above expectations.

For the rolls, they had a decent variety and we couldn't decide what to try. They don't really do half orders (only on your last roll you can do a half). So Terrence asked us what we liked and just made some rolls for us. One had hamachi inside and outside and it was great. Also had the Big Island Roll. Did a half order of one the soft shell crab rolls (don't remember the name) and then there was another roll, but don't remember.

And then the desserts! We were limited to one dessert each which was a bummer. Yama Sushi is unlimited but they don't have the variety like Island Sushi! I got the 808 rolls after seeing all the pictures of it. Its deep fried banana with ice cream and whipped cream with fresh strawberries and chocolate syrup. My bf got malasadas (deep fried dough) with ice cream and whipped cream and strawberry sauce. Delicious! Not to mention they gave us mini puffs because we are yelpers! (well at least I am).

Overall, great experience. Their prices are decent. And they gave my bf half off since it was his birthday (we didn't even ask for it). Terrence is great! And the food was fresh and delicious. The servers were nice and the food came out quickly. If only they had a location closer to me, but you can't have everything right? I would go back to this place weekly if I could, but my waistline would not be happy with that. But I definitely recommend this place to everyone.

ALSO!! Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday they have 1/2 off rolls all day. Other days they have half off rolls certain hours for happy hour. Check their website for specials. And they have a full bakery attached to Poke Express (same place). Yum.
Island sushi is by far the "bestest" place for island style food and broke da mouth sushi rolls!!!! 
We eat here about 4-5 times a month and it has always been Ono-licious!!!! The ISG crew is very friendly, attentive and fast!!!! 
I recommend EVERYTHING!!!!
Good place to drop in for lunch.  Sat at the sushi bar and was in and out in an hour easy.... came in hungry, left really full.  There fish isn't the greatest for AYCE.   And I'm not normally an AYCE fan... but for lunch this place is pretty good.   I'd actually give it 3.5 stars.

Service: 4 stars - people are really nice and my tea and water were never empty

Menu selection: 4 stars - they have everything from sushi to plate lunch

Fish quality: 3 stars - not as flavorful or interesting/unique as other places like Naked Fish

Rolls: good selection but not overly crazy variations... and you can ask to have a roll customized for you

Ginger: 3 stars - I'm a Ginger fan and was a bit disappointed that there's didn't taste as fresh as I was hoping... it was a little tough and didn't have the sweetness and punch combo I like

Restaurant ambiance: 3 stars - nothing special but it's clean and doesn't smell like fish

Bakery section: 4 stars - their desserts always look amazing but I have yet to give in to my desire to eat them

Poke counter: n/a - have not enjoyed the Poke yet so I'm going back later this week to try it

Parking: easy, lot out front is rarely filled

Location: easy to find, faces Eastern just south of the 215, and is in a little strip mall
Two words when ordering on the Grill side, GARLIC CHICKEN! It's the closest thing to the Mitsuken restaurant in Hawaii, and boy let me tell you that is some bomb ass Garlic Chicken.  Everything else on the menu is A-OK, and so is the poke.  It isn't anything to rave about, but I do make do since I can't have it fresh like home.  

On the sushi side, it's bueno! I think it's just me, but I love how the rice is.  It isn't too sticky or moist, it's just right.  Also, a keynote when ordering get the deep fried gesu.  OMG! It's amazing, especially with their mayo sauce.  It just makes everything taste better! I tend to think that the sashimi tastes better on sushi, so if you're craving raw fish.  Go for their sushi, it tastes a heck of a lot better. 

Being from the Island, I say go here if you're craving the island food. It does live up to par, I just wish the poke came right from the ocean. Vegas needs a beach, so we can get a fish fresh!
The food really good here, the service is great and they're from Hawaii.  Nothing I like more is to support Hawaii residents spreading the Aloha and our culture.  The mochiko chicken, garlic chicken, shrimp tempura  and sushi is all good!  The green tea ice cream and the 808 Special is good for dessert.  I think after 7 or 8 it's 50% off sushi.
The sushi here was very delicious and felt fresher than most AYCE sushi places I've tried, even ones on the strip.  The Candy Cane roll is a must!  It was so good we got two.   The rolls are about $11 each so if you can easily break even (or make money, if your economics are as weird as mine) on the $20 AYCE special.

The sake was pretty good, and with a couple bottles of Sake between us it came to $50ish?  It was worth its weight in.. deliciousness!
My bf and I found this place on yelp and fell in love with it in August.  We just went back on Monday and took advantage of the AYCE. Our waitress was super friendly and nice; actually, all the waitresses were awesome.  I love the service and the food.  Our favorites are: Island Roll, Dragon Roll, Tuna Belly, Ahi Poke, Octopus Kim Chi. We ate more than $150 worth, but only paid the awesome price of $25/person.  

We ate so much, we passed out in the car.  That didn't stop us from having the same sushi craving the next day.  Love Island Sushi!!!

We'll be sure to make it a ritual to come here every time we're in Vegas.
i went here a while back and tried the mochiko chicken, spam musubi and garlic chicken. all are good items to order. however, i must admit, the spam musubi was a bit dry. i like my musubis with some kind of sauce on it - teriyaki or shoyu/sugar. 

my bf and i went here today. he ordered the garlic chicken (mind that he's tried it before and absolutely LOVED it) and was utterly disappointed by the look and taste of it. it was not at all how he remembered it. not crispy and not very garlicy. 

my conclusion:  they make good food, but not consistently. and like a good golf swing, consistency is key! 

side note:  they have sushi, all-you-can-eat, bakery goods and most impressive, poke express!
My boyfriend and I found ourselves visiting Las Vegas again and we knew that we must go to Island Sushi for AYCE sushi again. This time we went for lunch on a Wednesday and it was a little busy. The sushi was great and again the Nigiri was fresh. After enjoying our rolls and Nigiri we had the 808 special. It tasted even better than last time. Island Sushi you lived up to what we had been craving since we visited last year. If you are looking for a good AYCE sushi place this is THE place to go in Las Vegas. We will go back to Island Sushi again next time we visit Las Vegas!
The service need some improvement be more friendly the sushi are alright I give a 3 star overal
Awesome Hawaiian Plate Lunches and Poke Bar, prices are very reasonable and the tastes are definately Island Style.
I would have rated 2 stars, but because of the Sunday Brunch with added pupus/apps, it deserves the 3rd star. 

I know it's called Island Sushi, and the owner is from Hawaii, but, I don't care much for the raw fish, sushi, or rolls here. I swear I've tasted much better, fresher fish. in addition, they DROWN their rolls in a watery, too sweet, unagi sauce. (I'm used to the kabayaki unagi sauce, which is dark and rich, and found at most other sushi restaurants here in Vegas,)
The only roll that I can remember from here is the Candy Cane Roll, but, still, it's no big thing. But, in any case, I return here with my boyfriend every once in a great while to fill my tummy with pupus/appetizers galore! The selection of appetizers that they offer is VAST in comparison to many other sushi bars ON SUNDAYS. I like the mochiko chicken, eggplant fries, and their tempura sauce! It is sweeter than most places, which i happen to like as well. The Sunday list changes a lot, and it includes mini desserts too. I always get a creme brulee to finish.

The service is decent at best, some waitresses a little friendlier than the others, and the decor, is... well, i don't know how you would call it, but I guess, they're trying too hard for the local island feel. I am definitely not fond of the digital photo frames up next to our table, showcasing various rolls,random groups of people, and, then, seeing it in a never ending loop from the corner of your eye! 

In any case, you just might find me there eating a plate lunch on the grill side. ;)
I like the food here but this reveiw is just for the some of the desserts:
1. Guava Cake - I was craving for some Guava cake so even though I came to the conclusion that I don't like the Guava cake here I decided to give it another try...Yup, I don't like it- The Guava Paste/Jelly on the cake just doesn't have a good Guava flavoring at all, it's just sweet. Oh, how I wish someone on this side of town could make some good Guava Chiffon cake just  like in Hawaii!!!!
2. Cream Puffs - The pudding on top and inside is just so overpowering - Hmm, I don't know- it was just way too much. 
So, even though I didn't care for these 2 items doesn't mean that I don't like/enjoy everything else in this place cause I do. They do make hella good Malasadas, Banana Bread & Garlic Chicken.
my friends took me here. i believe they found it here on yelp. the location is great cause it like 10 min from my apt on gv pkwy. 
there are so many great things about this place i really cant get enough of it. i go about 2 times a month maybe more. the all you can eat is a great deal cause i love to put some rolls away. it is great priced too. 
i usually start out with an ahi poke and some gezo. then the rolls start coming. from the chey to the island to the black widow. i don't believe i have ever had a roll i didn't like. 
the fish is very FRESH. the rolls are very nicely put together and displayed. all the appetizers are great. 
the other thing about the place is the staff ROCK. they are all super friendly. they are on the ball. they get your drinks regularly without asking. they are quick with anything you need yet are nice enough for a lil chit chat at the table. every one is super friendly, and keep the place clean. 
so lets review- 
fish fresh? YES 
friendly amazing staff? YES 
clean place? YES 
nicely decorated? YES 
would i go back? YES, many times 
should you go? YES
We tried Island Sushi a few times when they first opened and they only had a sit down restaurant. Back then they had so-so food (we had ok sushi) and average service. Unfortunately, we weren't that impressed and wrote them off. Then about a year ago a friend said that IS has opened up a grill section on the opposite side of the sit down restaurant with a very different menu filled with local plate lunch favorites. We heard a lot of good things about their plate lunches, so we had to give them a try.

We walked in during a lunch rush and the first thing I noticed is how empty the sushi and sit down area was and how packed the new grill section was.  I looked over the new menu and was impressed. They had everything...breakfast plates, saimin, burgers, bentos, and many of the plate lunches you would eat in Hawaii.  They also had a dessert case with all kinds of sweets...cakes (chantilly, guava, & haupia), mochi, cocoa puffs (don't do it, they are FAR from Liliha Bakery's gems!), and cookies. And they do make malasada's and they are pretty good. We also had AYCE ($20.99/ person) lunch sushi menu which was very good for the price. They also have a Poke Express in the back of the restaurant.  If you are hosting any party, this is where you should get your poke. They have a wide variety of poke dishes, ahi, tako, shoyu, crab, etc.

Our favorites:
Garlic or Mochiko chicken
Ahi Belly is ono
Hamburger steak
Bentos for $8 you can't go wrong. 
Tako Poke 
Love their breakfast menu- Loco Moco with fried rice

Island Sushi Specials: menu
Happy Hour
50% off all sushi rolls + drinks specials
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday     All Day
 
Drink Specials
$3.00 Large Beer
$2.25 Hot Sake
$4.00 Saketini
#1.50 Small Beer
$2.00 Sake Bomb
 
Sushi & Pupu (Appetizer) Brunch
AYCE sushi plus Hawaiian pupu menu for $20.95
Sundays                    11:30 AM - 3:00 PM
 
AYCE Lunch & Dinner
Lunch-$20.99
Dinner-$24.95

If you had an ok experience with IS, you should give them another shot. I'm glad we did. They stepped up their game and service. 

Shaka brah
This place was absolutely delicious. Fresh sushi.
Most AMAZING Sunday brunch all-you-can-eat menu.  The menu items change weekly and never cease to amaze me with creative fusions.  Go hungry!!
This is one of the best sushi places I've been to in a long time! I came here with part of my family in a group of about 12 people. Most of us had the AYCE sushi and it was awesome! We were served often and we almost never had to wait for drinks or more food. The recommendations of the waitress were right on and we had some of the best rolls we have ever had. I don't remember all of them( this was a couple of months ago), but I do remember the candy cane and the island roll. Fantastic. Also loved the garlic chicken. Most surprising was the creme brle. My mom is a big creme brle snob and enjoyed this so much she wouldn't even let me try it! And the atmosphere made me feel like I was back home in Hawaii and that is a big plus! Will be coming back here on every visit to Vegas!
This review is based on their Grill Section of the restaurant.

Been coming here and having lunch with the girls often since it's closer to their work.Their prices are pretty reasonable.

This last trip there, I had their bento box combo with Teri beef and mochiko chicken. Both the teri beef and mochiko chicken was a tad on a sweeter side. I did enjoyed it and my son enjoyed the noodles that come with it.

I had their saimin (previous trip) and it's not the greatest saimin I've had...

Overall, the food, I give it a 3 1/2 stars.
Service is more of a 4 stars.
I went to their weekly Sunday Pupu (appetizer) brunch which includes a special Hawaii Pupu menu + the regular AYCE lunch menu for the same price as a regular lunch AYCE, pretty good deal if you ask me. Ive eaten at the sushi side a couple of times and just as it was before the service was eeeh ok at best, i expected better and faster service since its not always full capacity when we go.

I really enjoyed the extra pupus that you can order, my favorite was the "seared garlic-peppered ahi belly" that was the best thing on there, but the only bad thing was that it was limit one order per person, so i recommend getting that as one of the last of your sushi orders, my favorite dessert from the pupu menu was their small slush or ice cream float shot, the one on the menu this time as the green apple slush float shot, it was very very good i got a brain freeze after downing a couple lol. The rest of the menu was just ok nothing really special.

For the grill side i always used to drive 8 miles just to get their bento or malasadas, pretty far drive just for some food but its worth it when i have the Hawaii food craving, i don't go there much anymore since i always hit up the IslandbreezeLV truck which is almost always closer to me than Island Sushi.
Good all you can eat! Quality is good and so is taste. It's a little far off you're in Vegas and staying on the strip but if you're in Vegas all the time then you should try this place.
Much better than I thought it would be. The door on the left is called Poke Express and we came in that way, but wanted the Sushi restaurant. The girl at the counter asked if we wanted a table or sit at the sushi bar, we wanted a table. There were long rows of tables that were open, but apparently not available for a party of 2, so the girl said it would be a few minutes wait. Then another party of 2 comes in and they get a table right away. What? They wanted to plug in their ipod so they got a table by the wall. We were like, "What?". So we just headed right for the susi bar and it was kinda messy. The owner came out and cleared the place pretty quickly. 
We started out with some spicy tuna roll and it was really good. The tuna looks different from other spicy tuna, but was good never the less. The bite size pieces were just perfect on all the rolls. They are not too big or not too small, rolled nicely so that they don't fall apart. The All you can eat at dinner is $25 for 90 minutes so I am sure some diners can do quite a bit of damage here for that price and time limit. We did a good job, but finished in less than a hour. Overall it was a nice place an we will be back for more sushi. The "Poke Express" side on the left has some nice looking noodle bowls and we want to try some saimin soon. This place has potential and we'll be back to try more "Aloha" food. Good job except our entrance experience.
Simply very good fresh sushi, the 50% off helps a lot as it makes a great price point !
Very fresh and amazing MISO soup.
i came here to eat a few times since the review and a lot of my friends told me that this place was good.  First I tried the hawaiian side which was not bad, but it wasn't great.  The Food I must say lacked flavor.  I ate the Mochiko Chicken and the Beef stew and they could use more flavor in the dishes.  It was pretty bland. 

A few days later I decided to try the Sushi side and again it wasn't great but not bad.  the Rice was overcooked and they did not use enough sugar in their sushi rice vinegar which made it a little bitter.  and anyone who is a lover of great sushi knows the rice is the most important ingredient to sushi not the fish.  oh by the way the salmon was really bland.  

I decided to take home some baked goods home so I can eat it after at home..  I got some Malasadas, a custard pie and guava cake..
I took it home and decided that i couldn't wait and ate them immidiately.  i'm sorry but the malasadas was hard as a rock.  Not fluffy at all.  The custard pie was good except the crust was too salty.  and the cake was good also but the cake part was very dry.  

It seems that they do not have any quality check going on at this restaurant.  or they just don't care.
Yelpers had many good things to say about this place, so I decided to give it a try.  The restaurant decor is simple and clean. I appreciated the digital frames at tables near wall that flashed photos of food and patrons.

Servers were friendly but we were neglected as soon as it got busy and they forgot a few things we ordered. This maybe a problem for people since there is a 90min limit on AYCE sushi.   

Now for the food:

Ahi Poke, 5 Star
Fresh tasting with good color. 

Garlic Chicken, 5 Star
Juicy and flavorful. 

Macaroni Salad, 1 Star
It was too salty and eggy for my taste.

Fried Oysters, 2.5 Star
On the burnt side losing the taste of the oyster. See my pic.

Sushi (Variety), 2.5 Star
The taste and fresh color of the fish was not there, the presentation looked slapped together, rushed and mushy. Blah.

808 Special, 2.5 Star
Nothing too special about a fried banana, vanilla ice cream, whip cream. It was just bland.

Malasada Sundae, 2.5 Star
The malasada tasted old and hard. Vanilla ice cream and whip cream didn't do anything for it, either. Bland.

The drinks were on the bigger side which does not merit stars but definitely appreciated.  

I don't have a reason to come back.
Aloha LV Yelpers!

Came to Island Sushi about 3 years ago when I was visiting Vegas... stopped by to pick up a plate lunch to go... 

3 years later... I'm back at Island Sushi as a Las Vegas resident! Came here the other night... AYCE!!!

I'm a huge fan! Everything I love from seaweed salad, poke, lomi salmon, mochiko chicken, garlic chicken, teri beef, malasada, coco puffs, unique rolls with fun names... I'm sold!

I wish I.S. was closer to me... I would be there weekly for sure! 

If you're looking for Hawaiian food and sushi with a local twist... Island Sushi is the hot spot!

I feel at home when I'm here... locals everywhere... Big Island pictures on the wall... including Hilo my hometown... one of the girls working there as a server is from Hilo... I love being around Hawaii people!

I'll be back for my Hawaiian fix... AYCE works for me! 

A must while in Vegas!

Mahalo Island Sushi!
-Miss Yelp 2011
Best Happy Hour for Sushi in Las Vegas! 
Fast Service
Cheap Beer
Friendly Staff
Late night happy hour is awesome 9-close!
5 stars
I came here again a few weeks ago, and was a little disappointed the food didn't live up to my memory.

The first time I came, this WAS THE BEST SUSHI ROLLS I ever had.  Now, it's really good, but the rolls didn't pop.  The sushi didn't seem as fresh and vigorous as before, and the presentation was also a little bit underwhelming.

Still, very good sushi and I would eat here again if in the area;  Probably won't make a 200 mile detour trip like I did this last time though.
Pretty decent to get your AYCE sushi fix. My fiance and I ate by the sushi bar and based off the random rolls and nigiri pieces we picked out, I thought this place was "ok" as I judge my sushi by quality over quantity. (Though, I will say, it is expected that quality does go slightly down in an AYCE sushi place compared on one that isn't AYCE so my opinion might not be too fair.)

Finishing off my meal with the 808 dessert was quite a treat. The service didn't stand out to me and the inside of the restaurant doesn't appear to be anything special either. 

On one last note, I do order breakfast with Island Sushi more frequently than I do sushi and love their menu. I usually order a two egg plate and malasadas. Their malasadas are made to order. I thought their malasadas are "ok" as well; it tastes too dense for me and the custard filled one kinda tastes like instant jello pudding mix.
LOVED IT! great staff and the best Hawaiian food outside of HI.. i always craved good Hawaiian food, but could never find it, until i came here! always a great choice!!
Read through the reviews, and decided on trying the garlic chicken and deep fried octopus appetizers. Both were good, but the chicken was a standout. It had a nice thin coating, and the garlic sauce was fucking delicious.

The Island Special roll with spicy soft crab and tuna was tasty as well. Our server, and sushi chef were very attentive even though it was busy. Make sure to go during happy hour (Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday) for %50 percent off all rolls, and drink specials. We ordered a bunch of rolls, and apps, but the bill was still below $50. What a deal!
Don't come on a busy brunch day, too busy

This is my new favorite place...AYCE Sushi for $20....WHAAAAT! Ridiculous right? Even I couldn't believe it but it's true, and it comes with dessert.
Start off with fresh shoyu poke...then sashimi...then the rolls...then do it all over again until you get kicked out or your stomach explodes haha.
Staff us awesome and they now have Poke Express so you can take home fresh poke. Kinda pricey but it's the closest thing to being home away from home. 
They got OK pastries and local bentos which is a plus when you want a home-feel.
I love this place...AWESOME!
Alright as a newbie here in the LV my friend Jenn brought me here with a bunch of her friends to eat. Def. a warm welcome to Vegas as i just moved here 2 days prior to this dinner. I must say the food is definitely awesome and reminds me of home but then of course the owners are from Hawaii!!! Huge fan of the place and the owners are great as well. The food selection is huge and the prices cant be beat especially if you do buffet style for 20 some what dollar's. The service is also on point here and the staff is definitely super friendly and i would totally tell my friends to come here for there sushi cravings!  I do wish this place was closer to me then i would go a little more often haha but no matter, its still worth the drive!!!
I live in LA and I literally crave their poke that it makes me want to drive 4 hours just to have some!

Only con is that parking can be difficult at times and there's not enough seats to accommodate a lot of people. Other than that, the food is unforgettable!
best AYCE sushi!!! seriously this is one of the reason why i come to vegas. the quality is pretty good and they have very good sides as well! fried oysters, seaweed salad, teriyaki, etc. they also have many rolls to choose from too! very worth it!!! they also have ahi poke!!
Despite my anticipation going in, I was underwhelmed. 

This is an unassuming little place tucked in a strip mall on Eastern. When you walk in, you enter the grill side (order at counter). To the right, is the sushi side. Both sides have a sort of dive feel. And not that "isn't this so neat" dive feel. More of the "where's the posted letter grade" dive feel.

The servers were definitely friendly and the service was perfectly fine. 

The menu is fairly lengthy with a good variety of different types of rolls. I tried 4 different sushi rolls and the edamame. All were just "eh". Everything was too squishy and nothing tasted particularly fresh. And I wasn't impressed by any of the flavor combinations (despite them sounding good).

Maybe I just ordered the wrong items? Neither the food nor the atmosphere made the mark for me. There are definitely far better strip mall sushi joints out there.
This was a last minute, drive by decision that fit our timing on a late weekday afternoon.  What a wonderful surprise!  Our timing must have been good, cuz we got right in with no wait.

We got in on the All You Can Eat sushi lunch for 20 bucks.  The rolls were really good and the staff was super attentive.  

Tiger roll, Mount Charelston roll - thumbs up.  The spicy scallop?  Seems to be a different standard out west, and not my favorite Tsu Kasa style.  The tuna was sublime.  Seaweed salad - the perfect serving size.  Shrimp Tempura - amazingly perfect.  Tried the Ikura (Salmon Roe) but realized I hadn't quite evolved that far.

I would go back to this place again and again.
3.5 Stars. Great food that comes with oblivious service. I really want to give it four stars, but missing and unfinished rolls can't justify it. Las Vegas is dubbed an honorary island due to "Local Kine" diaspora/migration to the desert, and as a result, we get lots of Hawaiian eateries in the valley. Yay! I personally do not like macaroni salad, deep-fried rolls, any roll that contains cream cheese, and sweet sauces. All these preferences go against many Americanized sushi and Hawaiian food protocol. Take my review with a grain of salt. 

Their poke is delicious (at $10/lbs for takeout). Me and spicy food are like kindred spirits. I recommend the Lava Lover and Spicy Mexican. The standard Rainbow roll is tasty as well. The all-you-can-eat is a good deal, as long as you can grub until you burst. I love how the rolls aren't stuffed with rice like other places, but I don't like how many of the rolls are doused with this sweet sauce (miso? eel? ponzu? not sure) which was not pleasant and weird. Now only if they didn't forget my rolls, I would highly recommend it.
My Island Sushi cherry has officially been popped! My cousins have been telling me to try this place out for months, and finally we all got together to feast!! (I was the only newbie).

WHERE: Located on Eastern & Serene.

WHAT: As a first-timer, I had to do AYCE!! Wouldn't it be a waste if I didn't eat all I could?!! Ok so back to my experience.  I am in love with baked rolls, and the only downside to this place was that AYCE did not have ANY baked rolls whatsoever! I was bummed at first, but when I tried what they did have, my "bummness level" decreased.

WHAT I HAD:

The appetizers I had were: ahi poke (I might have to say that this is one of the best I've tasted in town! It was very fresh and tasty), mochiko chicken (ahh, I fell in love after the first bite!), seaweed salad (sweet & delishhhh), and baked mussels (always one of my favorites when on any menu).

Special Sushi rolls I had:
-Mt. Charleston roll; Since they didn't have baked rolls, they did have baked scallops on this roll.  I had to take advantage because this was the closest thing to baked that I'd be getting that night. Haha, when I did get my roll, I was very pleased!
-Ahi Poke roll; I apparently couldn't get enough of the tuna in my system, I needed more! Kudos to this roll though =).
-Island Special roll; this roll was my all time favorite! Everyone must have this! It hit the spot indeed.

*NOTE: if you do decide to do AYCE, you get to choose a free dessert! I always have room for dessert in my tummy =D. There were malasada&icecream, brownie&icecream, just plain icecream, mochi, and I believe there were a couple more.  I settled for my mango mochi of course.

WHY: A lot of people have been comparing Island Sushi to 808 Sushi (because of the whole owner/chef switch, I actually am not so clear of it myself), but I have personally come to conclude that Island Sushi defeats 808 Sushi in my book.
What's not to love about this place?!  It's located away from all the busyness that is the Las Vegas Strip, it's decently priced, the fish is quality grade, and the AYCE menu is huge.

Ever since trying this joint out a couple years back, every trip to Vegas is not complete until we have a dinner at Island Sushi!  The staff is so friendly and attentive, the food tastes great, and the atmosphere just feels homey.

The latest time around, I decided to get only nigirizushi.  No rolls at all.  The menu for this AYCE is huge.  I had three rounds of several types of nigiri each round and still didn't make it thru the whole nigiri menu.  I didn't come across one I totally didn't like either.  Favorites would be the mackerel and the super white.  Oh so delicious.  

They have a huge appetizer menu as well.  For appetizers be sure to get a couple orders of the baked green mussels.  They add a little extra spiciness to theirs that make them so tasty.

If I remember correctly (from past visits) the rolls are pretty decent sized aren't heavy handed on the rice.  I like how they don't try to stuff you up with extra rice on rolls or even the nigirizushi.  They truly allow you an all you can eat experience.

Nothing ends a meal like a great dessert (again a decent size for an AYCE).  Only one per person, and you can't mix and match so, be sure to get the 808 special and the green tea ice cream.  Then you can have the 808 special with green tea ice cream!

Can't have a trip to Vegas anymore without stopping by here at least once.  Thanks Island Sushi for the wonderful food and hospitality!
All you can eat sushi and appetizers for $21 @ lunch

The all you can eat menu has plenty of items to choose from (both appetizers and sushi) and they all tasted great. Nice service as well.

Beware of sushi induced FOMA! Will return!
Loved it!  Wasn't sure if a Hawaiian joint would have good AYCE sushi, but it really was!  And to top it off, great service!!!
I absolutely love the food here! The sushi is amazing! I'm definitely going to be a returning patron :)

the only reason i'm giving four stars and not five is because when i ate lunch there me and my mom were excited about the lunch special where all rolls were HALF off. wow! however, after ordering several rolls and stuffing ourselves to the brim..we asked for a box to take the rest home. here's the catch: it's half off, but if you don't finish, sorry. you can't take it home. it's considered a "dine-in only" special..this makes sense from a monetary stance i guess. however, it would've been more polite for the waitress to have informed us of that PRIOR to ordering about this little rule.
Maybe our mistake was going on a Saturday night, or having the high expectation of cleanliness when consuming raw fish. We were here for five minutes. The hostess offered to seat us at the sushi bar because that was the only seating available. We said sure. Upon seating down my sense went into overdrive. 

First: My chair was rocking back and forth and felt like it could collapse at any moment.

Second: The fish in front of us, the fish being used to make sushi, was not looking so hot.

Third: The smell coming from the fish made me sick to my tummy.

Fourth: The view we had of the kitchen, the one preparing raw fish, was dirty, dirty, dirty.

That was all it took. My husband looked at me, we both said "okay", got up and walked out.
A local recommended this place to us for AYCE sushi.  My husband and I were craving japanese food, so we said why not.  

The service was great.  They adapted to our screaming child who refused to go to sleep.  They have a 90 min. time limit on the AYCE part, which sucks.  But I can see why they do that since the place is pretty small.  

Their ahi poke was yummy.  My hubby couldn't stop eating it!  I ate more than him and our other guy friend.  I ordered the tempura ice cream for dessert.  The batter didn't taste that great, but it was a nice treat.
Garlic chicken is the best.
I've tried a bunch of AYCE sushi places in town...Oishi, 808, Hikari, Sushi Mon...and Island Sushi is the best one so far.  Some of the menu standouts are...ahi belly, Poke, Garlic chicken and the hamachi kama.  Most places overcook their hamachi kama so it comes out dry...not island sushi.  Theirs was cooked to perfection...moist and tasty.  Their nigiri rolls were also very good with the fish being very fresh.

We had a bunch of rolls but I wont go too much into those as they pretty much taste the same everyewhere.  One thing to point out though, is that they offer a variety of deserts with their AYCE.  We tried the malasada ice cream, tempura ice cream and creme brulee.  I like the malasada ice cream best...an interesting combination for sure.

On a side note, on the day we went, the AC was either broken or not on? It was hooottt in there.  At one point, I looked over at the thermometer on the wall and it read 86 degrees! damn!  Hope its not like that all the time.

we live on the southwest side and would gladly pass up 808 sushi to come here.....
This place is a great secret.  For all of you who want to experience the best "buffet" in Vegas of sorts, come here.  It's an ayce sushi menu out of this world.  The selection is amazing and the fish is super fresh, and will never have a fishy smell to it.   One suggestion is to try out the poke..good stuff..when we are in Vegas we will stop by again!
Lunch AYCE is reasonable at $20.95, but compared to other sushi places the list of rolls, nigiri, and appetizers are minimal. I know that quantity is not a substitution for quality, but Island was lacking. 

The fish to rice ratio was good. Some of the fish came out at an alarming temperature. Felt that they were dangerously warm, as if they were not properly stored. The nigiri are smaller than other places, but that is usually better. If you like something, you can just order more, instead of getting a huge lump of rice. The rice also fell apart easily. 

The one roll I tried, the croc, was small. I am used to soft shell crab rolls to be bigger and filled to the brim with crustacean-y goodness. 

The best dishes were the side dishes. The ahi poke, garlic chicken, and seaweed salad were delicious, but can be found elsewhere. 

The service was decent. Our waitress put in our order in a timely fashion, got refills once in a while, and took away dirty plates promptly.
My only experience comes from the non sushi side, where they serve the bentos, dessert, and poke etc.  Their food is pretty good,  it reminds me of local food in Hawaii and the service is pretty quick.. They have a pretty good variety of poke but I reserve that for weekends since I work on the west side of town and can't get there on weekdays before they sell out!  It's quite a popular place as I see a lot of local people from Hawaii, so  hey, you know it's good.  One of my favorite dishes is just a plain ole bento (the one without the mahi mahi...nooooooo).  Try to make it there as a treat for dinner every pay period.  I'm never a let down.
Our family had the AYCE deal. We ordered the 3 year old SPAM, eggs and rice since she's not big into sushi...yet. Our older kids on the other hand LOVE sushi so this was a special dinner for us. Here's what we ordered:

Edamame
Gyoza
Baked Mussels
Mochiko Chicken
Shrimp Tempura
Vegetable Tempura
Black Widow
Big Island
Island Special (Family Fave)
Katsu Roll
Surf & Turf Roll
Rainbow Roll
Mauna Kea (Family Fave)
Crunch Roll
Joe Special
Dragon Roll
*And we reordered a couple of these.

Overall, it was a good experience - I felt like I was eating at one of the local joints in Hawaii. They were pretty fast at bringing out our food too. Bonus points for having a dessert included in the AYCE price. We'd definitely come back!
Island has friendly workers and good food. There is hardly ever a wait. Their uni is delicious. There is also plenty of variety on the menu so that even non sushi eaters can fill their guts.
Looked like a "Deli" at the front door, but, went there for the FOOOOD...not the loooooks.!! The food was the "GREATEST" sevice was the best, and It was friendlier than being at Grandmas house !!!! The ; Dragon, the Tiger, can't be beat ! I've lived in this town for 45yrs and have eaten at most Gormet rooms , but the FOOOD here was over the TOP ... Enjoyed it very much, will for sure go again.
I hate to write a 3 star review for this place... but I prolly wont come back again after my recent visit.

I was a huge fan of SUSHI Mon on Sahara ave earlier.  been there a total of 3 times and on the 3rd time, the sashimi on the rice was thin and lacking.  The food wasnt prepared right... some of the hot items were lukewarm instead.

Nigiri was falling apart so I went to Island Sushi after friend's suggestion.

Been there now the 5th time.  Same thing is happening.

At first, I love this place for its rolls.  It has all sorts of amazing sushi rolls... deep fried sushi with cream cheese, or Las Vegas rolls.  Its sashimi portion was generous while the rice was minimal.  No rice pushing.  

The AYCE menu is awesome with many choices... typically the one time order for Uni, Sweet Shrimp and you can always put the sweet shrimp into the soup.  In addition, you can also have the POKE dishes which are awesome, i love the many cool items such as fish head, shrimp tempura.

On this visit, the rice was increasing and sashimi didnt look fresh.  The items came but it wasnt as appetizing as before.  The Unagi was horribly made, it was just a clump of fish and rice and wasnt beautifully presented like before.

Alot of rice in the hand rolls and overall food quality isnt as great.

Im afraid to say, maybe it was an off day, but I did notice an overall decrease in quality.  Its still good, just not as good.  So I will give a 2 star!
Been here 3 times and loved it..!  Even better for Sunday all you can eat brunch..  They have two different menus with tasty things to choose from, the regular lunch menu and a special sunday brunch menu, all for $21..!!
Came here on a whim, not expecting much from the Hawaiian Sushi joint, but it turned out just a half a step better than what i expected.  The sushi was comparable to other AYCE Sushi bars, except their sushi left a slight "fishy" taste.  But who am i to complain?.. it's sushi.  What did separate Island from the game was their Sunday Special AYCE "Pupus", which I am guessing the Hawaiian version of a tapa.  From French Toast Malasadas to Mahi Mahi Sliders with Wasabi Aioli, the Pupus is what made my 20 bucks worth spending.  If I ever make second rounds, it'll only be for the Mini Peanut Butter Malasadas.  Other than that, I'll probably only come back when I'm in the mood for french toast and raw fish.
THIS PLACE IS DA BOMB!  As any islander living in Vegas would say!  

My friends and I came here randomly one Sunday looking for a good sushi place to eat.  Of course we directed our interest to what Yelp had to say.  20.95 for all you can eat sushi PLUS side dishes PLUS Sunday specials!  What a steal!  

I was really impressed with the flavors of the sushi and the taste of the food served here.  Of the three other "all-you-can-eat" sushi restaurants in Henderson, I have discovered Island Sushi to top it all!  You won't be disappointed!  

One thing that I really enjoyed was that they do not flood each roll of sushi with white rice!  You get a significant amount of "filling" and "topping" on each of the rolls you order!  They aren't being cheap at all!  

Also to all those locals from Hawaii out there, they have Poke here!  And it's GOOD!  They also have a extensive plate lunch menu and they serve saimin and bentos!  

One suggestion to the fellow yelpers is to come on Sunday!  Those Sunday specials are a steal and are very delicious, particularly the Ahi Belly!  

The only downside to this place and for me giving Island Sushi only 4 stars is that you are only limited to one dessert. Cmon!  Dessert is like the best part of a meal!! =P  Hopefully that rule changes!  

Even so, I'd definitely be back to try this place!
i usually eat at sushi mon but decided to try island sushi instead.  when i arrived the staff was really helpful and friendly.  the food was prepared fresh with no fishy taste.  i highly recommend island sushi.
Bang for your bucks, one of the best place for all you can eat sushi Hawaiian style.  Everything was pretty fresh and in generous portions. Very little limitation on all you can eat price.  Even the breakfast menu was more than I expected.  Service is pretty decent.  Sure I'll be back here soon enough.
Had AYCE sushi at the restaurant this time-- soo ono! Great staff, a bit slow when it gets too busy, but over all, there are so many items that you can order from-- and the food is so fresh! Only thing though, only 90 mins. max at the table and then one dessert per customer.  Good selection of desserts- tempura ice cream, mango mochi ice cream, green tea ice cream and 808 sundae (strawberries and tempura bananas with ice cream and chocolate).  I think that you can get the coco puffs or malasada too even!
All you can eat sushi?  Oh yes!
Hawaiian style grinds?  Oh Yes!

This is a must go to place for anyone from hawaii. The AYCE sushi is fantastic, but it does have a timelimit and they are supposedly strict with leaving leftovers (we did not).

Also comes with a dessert.  

You want malasadas?  they have them here too!
Just to sum it all up, GREAT FOOD! Very friendly staff! And great choices! I'm not from hawaii, but I love love love loooove island food, especially Island Sushi!
I saw all the good reviews and decided to try this place out.
I went for happy hour and thank God I did! Because this place is NOT WORTH paying full price for sushi. The sushi is okay...I've had wayyy better at other places.. i ordered the mt Charleston, lava lover, and the spider roll. All of it was ehh. The sushi is small and the spider roll that i order had a really strong fishy taste to it which is not normal. So that really brought it down another star.

Service was not good at all. There were only two sushi chefs and not alot of people, it took forever for the sushi to come out. The waitresses didn't even come by once to fill our water or anything. 

If you want better sushi and don't mind paying a little more go to sushimon! Taste is ALOTT FRESHER! &&& Better service! =))
I'm not into most Hawaiian food, but I could eat here every day for a week without getting tired of it. The half-price happy hour deal looks great, but their rolls are rather small; Fortunately the all-you-can-eat special is very reasonably priced and it covers almost their entire menu. 

Their traditional rolls are good, but I recommend branching out and trying the Hawaiian fusion rolls. The Town & Country and Big Island rolls are both phenomenal, and the ahi belly is some of the best i've ever had. For desert, I've enjoyed the 808 special and the malasada sundae and thoroughly enjoyed them both. 

I will definitely return!
BEST HAWAIIAN FIX OUT THERE!

this place beats l&l and most of the items found in aloha kitchen! well, actually I only go to aloha kitchen for their adobo fried rice omelet but I have tried their bbq and it doesn't compare. I absolutely love the MINI garlic chicken, that comes with a scoop of rice and side salad of miso ginger dressing, just enough food for lunch or small dinner. their rice is sticky and the bottom of the rice scoop gets soaked in the garlic chicken sauce, best part of the entire dish. poke express is also in island sushi, and they have the best fresh assorted poke! for dessert, get a plain malasada!
"Whoa, do all the ladies from Hawaii look like this?" my poker buddy ask while showing me his phone.

"ummmm....what?" I say, lost, looking past the beautiful wahine and trying to see the food on the website.

"Maybe she works there.  If the next flop is red, you're buying lunch" my bud says excitedly.

"Book it." I say and the rest is history.

It's the usual, great Vegas AYCE place.  Super creative rolls filled with lots of deep fried stuff (soft shell crab, shrimp tempura), stuff mixed with spicy mayo, usually coated with a sweet, teriyaki eel sauce.   Most of the fish taste previously frozen or gassed.  All good though if you skip the nigiri.

What sets this place apart is the local Hawaiian style flavors.  Paniolo roll (teri beef inside, miso sauce, outside) and the poke roll (as its name implies).  Only disappointment, the Maui Wowie. Dang it. (You're a better person if you don't get it.)

Oh yeah, plate lunches are as good as back home.  Local style mochiko chicken, teri beef, mixed plates, and fried noodle combos.  

Usual AYCE prices.  Lunch $21, Dinner $25.  All day happy hour with 50% off all rolls (not the AYCE) Mon - Wed. for the lighter eater.  Plate lunches are very reasonable averaging $7.50.

Great place when you're jonesing for a taste of Hawaii.
Whenever we're in Vegas this is our always our first and last stop. All you can eat sushi oh yea! At first we thought what? Sushi in the middle of the DESERT? no way. Boy were we WRONG! Everything on the menu is good and we will continue to come back. Half off specials is the bomb and if you go during a UH game, they pass out sake bombs. Well, they did when we were there last time. Yesss!!
In a word........Incredible!
I have enjoyed sushi and Hawaiian specialties all over the world and at what were advertised as the best spots in each local.
However................I was blown away at Island Sushi Sunday Brunch.
For $20.95,  its all you can eat and can choose from special offerings of the day as well as from a few pages of sashimi, rolls, tempura, and a whole host of apps. Service was exceptional and personal. Atmosphere was light and upbeat, feeling like a locals secret treasure.
I had one fried roll of crab and other ingredients that was the BEST Sushi roll I have ever had in my entire life. I cant wait to go back. The bar has been reset.
So my review is based upon some malasadas that the hubby brought home from  Vegas.

What are Malasadas say you? Malasada is a Portuguese type donut.  Malasadas are made of egg-sized balls of yeast dough that are deep-fried in oil and coated with granulated sugar. They are popular in Hawaii and since Las Vegas is considered the "9th Island" you can definitely find them in Vegas...  I was craving the famous Leonard's malasadas found in Oahu, so when my husband visited the in-laws in Vegas, I asked him to find some of these yummy treats and bring some back home to the Bay Area.

My only concern was the fear of being disappointed by what he brings back... boy was I happy!  He came back with some haupia filled Malasadas that felt like it weighed half a pound each.  Haupia is a type of coconut custard, and it was perfect inside these warm slightly crispy Malasadas.  The custard was not too sweet, therefore, i scarfed down like 4 of them... *oops!* **blush**was I supposed to save some for the kids? Overall, they are still not as good as Leonard's but they definitely "fit the bill" when it came to cravings..

I cannot wait to try the rest of the food here in person.  BOOKMARK!
This place is amazing! I went with a friend to AYCE and we both loved it! We live in Anthem and we usually go to I love Sushi (which is expensive and not AYCE) Or Yama but it will change now, since this place is so close. All the sushi we got was fresh and you can taste and feel the freshness. The vibe was really nice, with smooth reggae playing around. The staff was really nice. Our waitress was so nice we talked and asked questions and she was great all around. After stuffing our faces with sushi we got the 808 special. And usually when you get all you can eat they give you a piece of mochi cut in half or a sad excuse of a scoop of ice cream but the 808 special was a satisfying scoop of ice cream, tempura bananas, fresh strawberries, heap of whipped cream, and chocolate drizzle and it was perfection. The perfect end to a perfect dinner. with my drink my total was $28 which is completely reasonable. PS, when you buy 2 AYCE you get free sake. I don't know if it was everyday but it was nice.
Great place for lunch. I had the bento combo with fried noodles, furikake rice, mochiko chicken and teri beef. The teri beef was flavorful and the mochiko chicken was delish. Mochiko chicken is usually hit or miss at places because a lot of places tend to over cook it. Here is was perfect. Definitely will repeat.
Amazing Hawaiian food by Henderson.  There are 3 parts to this restaurant.  The Hawaiian Express, Poke Express and Sushi bar/restaurant.  I've never eatten at the Sushi restaurant, only at the Hawaiian food and Poke Express.

The Poke is really awesome.  If you like Tagu, it is sweet and chewy and very authentic.  The shou Poke and spicy poke is great also.  If you are a poke fan, do try Poke Express.

I usually get the Bento Box A with Garlic Chicken.  It is a huge meal with rice, Teri beef, garlic chicken, spam and noodles.  Very flavorful and filling.  My wife gets the tuna bowl.  That is huge also.  Great flavors with the tuna and rice.

They have Oxtail soup on Saturdays all day and after 600pm other days.  I like this and it's very authentic.  You combine the rice and ginger and green onions and you have a cornucopia of flavors and textures in that oxtail soup.  It has been the best I could find so far in Las Vegas.

I would pass on the Saiman.  The noodles are good, but the broth is not as flavorful as the other places I've tried in LV.  

Overall, the go-to spot for Hawaiian food this side of town.
Every time I go to Vegas, I have to eat here!  The sushi is amazing and the staff is great!  I love the half price sushi if you come in late!
This place is awesome....they have all you can eat and the freshest sushi we have found on this side of town.  They are always busy and a great place to visit.  Always friendly and glad to be of service....a must visit place.
Gambled one day while my friends and I were in Vegas, not wanting to eat at a buffet we decided to trust yelp and roll the dice. We now make special trips to Vegas just for this place. The rolls are the star of the show. Creative and delicious enough to make a group of 4 drive all the way from Los Angeles to eat here. Keep doing what you are doing. The lunch all you can eat was a phenomenal deal that left us all more then full with delicious food. To the people who live in the area consider yourselves lucky, Island sushi is the real deal.
I pretty much like everything they have to offer...we're always doing AYCE sushi there and start off with their appetizers. My favorites are usually the ahi poke, deep fried geso, garlic chicken and shrimp tempura. My usual rolls are the Island special and my husband tries a variety of rolls. We really like the spicy tuna hand roll too and salmon skin roll. I've eaten at the grill side of the restaurant before and we love it all. Bento boxes are great for when my kids don't want to eat anything else...always top off the night with the 808 special dessert too!
THIS IS A REVIEW FOR THE GRILL SIDE, NOT THE SUSHI SIDE...

I've been to Island Sushi many times and think that it's the best AYCE sushi spot in vegas but I had never tried the grill side.  Tried it once and will never be back.

I got the bento with garlic ahi and mochiko chicken.  The ahi was over cooked beyond belief...dry as a cardboard and no garlic taste at all.  The mochiko chicken was soggy and tasted old.  The fried noodles that came with the bento was just that...fried noodles.  Not one green onion, onion, kamaboko, char siu...nothing.  The best thing in that bento was the spam.

The wife got the lau lau.  Horrible...dry and no taste at all.  It was like they didnt add any salt and the leaves were not moist at all either.  Came with lomi lomi salmon but no mac salad?! Blasphemy! 

I'll be back to the sushi side but never again to the grill side.  Its sad cause I hear so many local peeps raving about this place.  If this is what theyre raving about, I need to open up my own plate lunch / bento spot and show these guys how its done! If this is the best plate lunch / bento place in vegas, thats sad....
Good for breakfast, lunch and dinner!!! Loco Moco for just $6 bucks or so for breakfast.  Hardy enough that I have it at 7am and not get hungry till after 1pm!! That is back for your bucks!! Poke bowl was generous in size and in flavors.  The only draw back to this place is location.  It's 200 plus miles from home base!!! Luckily I have Bachan's Kitchen!
Service was great
Food was great
Company was great

I haven't been in a sushi mood lately but Shige O. recommended this place awhile back, so he brought me and my friends here. I'm really glad that I gave it a shot.
I'm actually craving the sushi as I'm typing this review.

I don't know why but I kinda doubted sushi in Vegas at first but it was pretty good! 

Like I said, the service was ultra friendly. Many people are local that works here and I just had a great home vibe. They played local music and all. 

I had the garlic ahi, mexican roll and a negi hama. Loved em all! I even tried a bit of their salad with the house dressing, two thumbs up.
The water was fresh too (I never got used to chlorine water within the week that i was in Vegas)

They offer a huge variety of fish, and a lotta other stuff too. 
I would definitely return to eat here the next time I make a trip to Vegas again.
This place went beyond any of my expectations.  I was expecting more of the same tacky, tasteless, and Hawaiian food imitations as done by many restaurants on the continental United States.  This place was much better.  The poke was fresh and was the type I would expect from a poke shop back in Hawaii and the garlic fried chicken was not the best I heave ever had (that spot is reserved for Mitsuken) it is a nice taste of Hawaii.  

Whenever I am in Vegas this will be a stop for fresh and delicious food that will remind me of the islands.
Love this place.  Best AYCE sushi joint in town.  Everyone one is friendly, with great service.   There is always someone asking you if you need something.   The sushi chefs are way friendly and will make whatever roll you can create in your mind.  The poke is so good and the desserts are freaking great.  I try to make them lose money when I eat here, gluttony at it's best!
I used to go here a lot when I was in town and have sent a ton of friends here. I also used to bring groups of my co workers and have a sushi outings here.

Bringing a large group and trying to finish your meal in the 1/ 1/2 time limit is a little tough. Your trying to enjoy the food and socialize at the same time not just scarf food down fast as I can because of the time restraint.
When there are 20 plus in your group the food takes a while to come out also. 

My friends who used to love Islands, also have had some bad experiences as the service not being as good as it used to be when they first opened up.  

The food is pretty decent but because of the time restraint, it's not a good place for large groups in my opinion since I have tried. I know most Vegas sushi places the have a time limit for all you can eat and Islands is a little more generous with the time but huge groups it doesn't help.

I prefer to go to Sin city sushi across the street, even though Sin city is tiny there is no time limit on the all you can eat and we can relax socialize and enjoy the food without any pressure to hurry.  The food is just as good as Islands or better. The fish being fresher in my opinion.
super friendly staff on both sides of the place. the food is awesome. they have fresh malasadas (on the diner side) that you can order with fillings if you want. (talking about it right now is making my mouth water) but you have to go early because sometimes they run out. the bentos, the garlic chicken and the breakfast plates is what we usually get if we make take-out. if we dine in we usually eat on the sushi restaurant side and have a few drinks with our dinner. a great place to go to get food to close to home.
I have been to the sushi side of island sushi quite a few times and it is decent sushi, not great but decent. The only time I go there is during happy hour when stuff is 50% off. If you want great sushi go to Yama Sushi.

As for the grill side, the food is horrible. I had the Kalbi ribs and the teriyaki chicken. The Kalbi ribs tasted like old meat... it was gross. The teriyaki chicken had no teriyaki flavor whatsoever and it did not even come with teriyaki sauce. Also, the macaroni salad was the worst Hawaiian mac salad I have ever tasted. It was extremely bland. The food was so horrible it seemed as if it was prepared this way on purpose to keep people away. I just don't see how they could make the food so bad!

If you want good Hawaiian food go to Aloha Kitchen. I have tried tons of other Hawaiian joints and I keep going back to Aloha.

As for the service, it is decent. It does seem as if the service is steadily declining though.
Excellent AYCE (All you can eat) Value and prompt, friendly service. Fresh sushi is based on the volume you can push and how you can rotate your stock, and this place packs 'em in. For $25 (dinner AYCE includes more choices) it's no wonder.

I'm a purist. I don't do crazy rolls in which have gone the 2nd-day fish, drowned in eel sauce. Just the basics. For a place which specializes in rolls, i was pleased with the result. And I'm a fussy guy.

--uni nigiri. limit one.
--ikura. fresh and good.
--ika nigiri. soft, fresh. nice!
--salmon skin hand roll. great fresh veggies.
--hamachi kama. nicely seasoned, fresh. moist inside. WIN!
--tako-uni. yeah, it's not really octopus, it's raw squid with extra crispy stuff. i love this dish. not for the unwashed. strong, dark and almost fermented, like a good natto.
--seaweed wraps are fresh, dry, crispy, and great flavor. WIN!

#seaweed salad. something in there that shouldn't be. and it was not fresh.

servers are super friendly, responsive to all the obsessed AYCE gluttons.
two sushi chefs keep that food MOVING to the 50-seats. (personal note: Kojisan@Hanajapanese, you would have been impressed!)

AYCE comes with rules, don't you know?
! all food ordered must be consumed (that includes rice) $1 penalty for uneaten nigiri.
! no take away.
! some items are one-per-person-per-visit
! your dining feast must end 90 minutes after you begin.
This is my 4th time at Island Sushi and I love it here BUT today the service was horrible. Me and my friend got there at about 7:45pm. The only seats available were at the bar which I don't prefer but we were starving and most people there looked like they had just sat down. The guy making the rolls didn't check up on us to see if we wanted to order more. The servers only came up to us once to refill our drinks. We always had to wave them down for refills. We ordered hot tea which we never got and they still tried to charge us for it. It took about 25 minutes just to get our dessert. I'm really upset to have had the service we received today because I usually enjoy coming here. I don't know if it's because we sat at the bar but that really shouldn't change their service. Really good food but had horrible service today.
Good food, friendly atmosphere. You get a choice of sushi on one side or hawaiian style bbq on the other. For the price, it's worth the AYCE here. There are TVs to catch the sports games and I've brought the whole family to dine here.
My family is a big fan of sushi  - this is our favorite in our area. The service is always good and the sushi is always fresh and tasty. 

My only complaint is that the place is a bit small and when you walk in you're never greeted - and we always end up standing in the entrance of the dining area for more than a few minutes. 

Other than that - I highly recommend and know I will be back to get my sushi-fix when needed!
Its ok. Not Great. The service was awesome. But the food was kind of disappointing.
The tuna stops here! 
I am not going to go into great detail, but this is my sushi home from now on. We were in the other day and it was really really really good. Nice to taste clean, cold and fresh fish inside the rolls. I can eat the fried oysters all day long as well as the roll called, "Candy Cane". We asked for light on the sauce and maybe that is key to eating sushi rolls? We could actually taste the sushi and not all that brown or other kinds of sauces that usually smother the rolls. Get in there and for $25 you get 1 1/2 hours of sushi action. We quit after just 1/2 hour, but it was a good time. Great service from the waitresses! This is my sushi hangout from this day forward!
Love the food. All you can eat lunch is good and reasonably priced.  Sushi is well made and tastes delicious.
I was craving Asian food after being in Utah for 4 days, and Hawaiian Japanese food sounded delicious! We ate the Sunday brunch buffet for $21/person. The buffet included your choice of appetizers, sushi, and a choice of dessert. The food was pretty good for the price. We ordered lots of nigiri, different styles of poke, and 2 rolls - a total of 35 dishes. I loved the unagi, while my hubby enjoyed the uni. We had the ahi, fried tofu, kimchee tako, and raw crab poke. I liked the fried tofu and ahi poke the best. The desserts weren't very good. We had tempura ice cream and 808 special. The tempura batter fell off the ice cream. 

Service was great! Our waitress kept on coming back to our table to see if we wanted to order more food. I'm glad that we weren't ignored. 

One minor grip was that this restaurant charged for green tea - $1.50 per person. I'm not used to paying for green tea. 

You need a car to get to this place since it is really far from the Strip. I would come back here again.
one of my friends told me to eat here ... glad i made that stop and every day for 2 days till i left . the hawaiian food is on point . but the poke OMG the poke is amazing and im from hawaii i didnt know u could make as many different varities of poke .... i tried all of them .. every time i visit vegas im hitting this spot up
This place is really South of the strip, and if you're in Vegas for vacation, you'd probably have to take a taxi to get here, because taking the bus is a long journey. But this place is so worth the trip! All you can eat sushi, and they include a lot of fancy rolls! The quality is great and unlike other all-you-can-eat sushi joints, they don't leave out a lot of the more expensive choices! I definitely plan on going here every Vegas trip! 

On a side note, this place is joined together with a Hawaiian plate restaurant that looks pretty decent itself. I might have to try it out next time. Nice Hawaiian music playing in the background too!
AYCE lunch here was mediocre. The nigiri was not fresh enough for me and the sushi was put together without care. I like that it's close to my part of Henderson but I have not gone back from the last time I've been there. I would have enjoyed this spot if I came for non sushi items~~
I love this place! 'All you can eat 'sushi includes delicious appetizers like mochiko chicken, poke, shrimp tempura, lomi salmon, the list goes on. Nothing like the regular sushi spots. And the sunday brunch is even better with even more to choose from. Its about a 30 minute drive for me. But so worth it.
Great authentic Hawaiian style food. Service brings this place down. Employees tend to be snippy, to downright rude. Orders frequently come out incorrect. Great food though.
They have everything here. They have a lot of desserts here like the Chocolate Dobash and Guava Chiffon cakes and more. They also have a Poke Express in there. They cook all of the local favorites and they're pretty quick in giving you your food. Tasty, tasty, tasty. They also have an all-you-can-eat sushi bar/restaurant.
Sorry Sushi-Mon on Maryland/ Silverado.. but because you were unable to seat me within 45min, I had to explore other options.  Thank goodness I did!

Sooooo.... if you're going to go the specialty roll route I highly recommend the Island Special.  Uber flavorful and delicious... as full as I was, I ordered a few of these.  The Spicy Mexican was ok too... but I guess it depends on what you're in the mood for.  There is one thing you MUST order... it's the poke.  It's sooooo good, that if you're on the all you can eat menu, you can only order one order per person.  That is definitely saying something.

Something to keep in mind... they have a great happy hour special (9p and beyond!):  50% off all sushi cut rolls + 1/2 off Selected Beers & House Sake - it's an amazing deal!
Honestly I walked in and walked right out. The place looked incredibly filthy. There were stains on the floor and tables weren't wiped clean. I'm not a picky person but there are plenty of other places around town that are more inviting.
2 1/2 to 3 stars.  

This place is a very strange hybrid of 3 restaurants: an AYCE sushi place, a hawaiin plate lunch grill, and a poke bar.  

We went in with a Hawaiin friend of mine who raves about this place for the plate lunch.  The sushi section was packed.  

Hubs and I shared the eggplant plate and the mochico chicken and shrimp plate.  The eggplant had great flavor but was insanely oily...it just sat in an inch of bright orange oil in my Styrofoam box.  The chicken and shrimp were nothing special.  The meals were served with a scoop of white rice and mac salad as expected.  

Everything was fine but I've definitely experienced better.  Maybe the sushi is where it is at?
I didn't know what to really expect when I came here, but I saw a picture of saimin the day before and I knew that I just had to go! 

I got here a lil before 11 am and it was pretty packed. I ordered the deluxe saimin and subbed it out with udon noodles instead. Everything came out fairly quickly. Broth was light and there was a good assortment of wonton, bbq pork and imitation crab meat. I didn't leave full though, so that was the downfall. My coworker enjoyed the teriyaki chicken which he ate all of.

I know I will be back to get some chantilly cake to go! They have a pastry selection that looked pretty delish, but can be pricy at $4.50 a slice. 

We were in and out in 30 minutes and everyone was quite friendly.
I visited this place three weeks ago with a friend and had their AYCE sushi. I was really surprised at how good their sushi was. Their service was very friendly and the rolls came out really fast. I think this will be one of my favorite places.
Aloha ends when you walk in the front door. I was hoping the food would make up for the terrible service..... It didn't.  

The Fried Noodles were beyond salty. The sushi was slapped together and it took 15 minutes to get wasabi and ginger served with it. The Hamachi and sushi rice was dried out ( it was if it had been sitting out all afternoon).

Don't bother with this place.... There are so many other options in the neighborhood. I love Sushi and Sushi-Mon are just around the corner and much better
First time there. Have been working our way through this part of Henderson looking for the 'right' sushi place. As it is now, that place is I Love Sushi, and after tonight, still remains. Island is a hard to describe place. Seems to be two or three joints in one. But, we were there for sushi. The atmosphere/decor is pretty basic. We saw tonight , which I now see is true of a couple of nights, all cut rolls were half price. So, we ordered away. All in all, did not find it that compelling. Mostly everything seemed pretty bland. Even spicy tuna, which should be good for a little pizazz, was tasteless. For us, it was OK, but no better, and not in the cards for a second visit.
Dined here on Friday night 3/2/12.  I was a little skeptical at first being that this place was in a shadier part of downtown Vegas.  My hubby and I had a number of sushi rolls which were all very good and fresh too.  

What sticks out in my mind the most about this place however, were not the sushi rolls we ate, but the malasadas we ordered after dinner.  OMFG!  They were soooo insanely delicious!!!  My hubby ordered the plain malasada and I ordered the custard filled malasada.  So freaking good!  It was worth going to a shady area just to eat.  Best foodie find in a while.  They were fresh, soft and warm.  The custard was perfect, not too sweet or overpowering and very creamy.  It was so good, it made it worth while cheating on my diet!  The plain malasada was very tasty too, but the custard filled one was over the top.  A little piece of heaven in your mouth I tell you!  They also have chocolate and haupia filled malasadas too!

I would definitely dine here again as they have a pretty large Hawaiian food menu too.  They have very good prices for breakfast and lunch that I will for sure have to try the next time I am in Vegas.


VERDICT:  GO FOR THE CUSTARD FILLED MALASADAS!  Your taste buds will thank me! :)
Great service and even better food. We are from out of town but everytime we come to Vegas we have to come here. Great Local food and even better, there is a full Poke bar. I suggest trying the malasadas if you've never had, but anything off the menu is Ono!
Island sushi  is the best , great customer service , best place for eat all you can sushi
Awesome sushi, the "all you can eat" is a pretty good deal!
You bet your bottom dollar that whenever I visit a sushi joint, an All-You-Can-Eat is in order.  Today, we came here for lunch and that's just what I did.  The all you can eat was $21.95.  Here's what I got for lunch:

Chicken Katsu- Very good.  Light and crispy, their katsu sauce was sweet and AH-MAZE-ING!

Hamachi (yellow tail) Nigiri- I know it's fish, however, it tasted a lot more fishier than I'm used to.  This makes me think if it was fresh or not...

Ahi poke- I know there's a poke express right next door.  I don't think this poke was made from them.  I didn't think it was very good.  The Ahi seemed to be a little old.

Geso (fried squid legs with a spicy aioli)- This was GOOOODD!  Whenever I order fried calamari, I always enjoy eating the smaller calamari with legs.  This dish was just legs!  YUM-O.  The menu says spicy aioli but it wasn't spicy at all...BUT DELICIOUS.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

Garlic Chicken- Sweet teriyaki and garlic sauce all over fried boneless chicken thigh pieces.  Sweet, savory and crispy all at the same time.  ON POINT!

Gyoza- Crispy fried pork pot stickers served with a ponzu (sweet/citrus based soy) sauce.  I love the thin, watery consistency of the ponzu.  Goes well with the crispy gyoza.

Malassada sundae- Definitely a MUST TRY!  First they cut the malassada (fried donuts without the hole and dusted with sugar) in four wedges and fan it out in a bowl.  A scoop of ice cream is placed in the center with a whipped cream topping and the dish is finished with a guava sauce and cut strawberries.  Such an AH-MAZE-ING ending!

I do enjoy the fact that Island sushi is separated into two sections.  One section for just the sushi bar and another section for plate lunch/bento/fast food type service and poke express.  These sections are night and day and appeals to all sorts of diners.  If you are looking for a place that exposes you to Hawaiian-local cuisine, this is definitely the place to go to.
Ok, so perhaps I have a sushi addiction! We went to island sushi the other night. There was a wait, which wasn't that cool, but the food was great! I don't think I've ever had a fresher rainbow roll. Do it
Fish not fresh. Tuna frozen!  Ebi from same frozen shrimp I buy from 99 ranch market!  Sushi is bad. Service was really bad. Never going back!
All Hail Island Sushi! Any qualms I had with this place are nonexistent now. We went really late craving their combo plates ( pick teri beef / chicken etc) but when we got there the server let us know that the grill was closed.( only sushi is served late night) Sadly we went back to our car when he flagged us down and said that they would gladly make the meals for us. It would just require reheating the grills and if we wouldn't mind the wait. DUH! we waited for our yummy serving of Hawaiian-style carne! and it was SooooOOo good and the fact they went the extra mile this time speaks volumes!! MAHALO ISLAND SUSHI!
To tell you the truth, every time we go here now it's getting worse and worse.  I ordered a mini kahlua cabbage and did not want any rice, just tossed salad.  When I got home and opened my container I was so shocked to see so little kahlua pork, it was majority cabbage. The portion was ridiculously small.  I couldn't believe it.   Then my salad greens were brown.

We used to always eat here, had good food and service but now since they are expanding by opening another restaurant, it seems to be going down hill.
So I tried Island sushi again. Its been about  month. Unfortunately it was bad. I don't know how anyone can give this place 5 stars. You must be very easy to please. The only fish that was fresh was the salmon. that's it. I just don't eat fish I buy fish for a living. I know what I'm talking about! The ebi (shrimp) they buy that frozen and serve it right out the package. The hamachi is a frozen loin. The tuna is frozen 2+ saku block or loin CO treated. its the weekend at least order fresh for the weekend. I haven't tried there new place but I hope its better. they obviously turned there attention to the new place. Service was much better this time.
When not partying on the strip I enjoy eating around town. I found Island Sushi through yelp and decided to make a late night stop for some ahi poke salad. 

FOOD: 
The quality and freshness of the to-go AHI POKE SALAD was very good, but I prefer poke with no suji or at least less pieces than I got in my serving. There's just something about ruining quality poke with pieces of suji to chew on. It was late so maybe that's all they had left to serve. 

The next time I return to Island Sushi I will definitely give the ahi poke another try, definitely do the AYCE option, and order the highly spoken of garlic chicken. I would of never guessed that was a highlighted item there! 

A-OK for now but for sure an update to four stars....soon!
Came here for Sunday Brunch and it was packed because it was Mother's Day, and the only available seats were at the bar, so we were sat up there. This is another place that feels like home and the staff are always friendly and welcoming

I will be totally honest and say that I prefer sticking to the Sunday Brunch offerings and not so much their AYCE Sushi items. Flat out, the quality is just not as fresh as it should be, and I could really tell the difference as I have consumed a few thousand pieces here in Vegas alone.(True story!!!) That first order of nigiri was our last, and I just told the Chef that we were
sticking to the brunch stuff.

He didn't seem too enthused about it, but hey, I ain't taking that kind of risk. I can't believe others at the bar eating sushi didn't detect that pretty sketchy quality. Anyway, back to the brunch items. We killed a good number of items from the whole list of offerings, like

Island Sushi Roll
008 Roll
Red Velvet Pancakes X4
Hawaiian Sweet Bread French Toast X2
Egg in a Basket with Bacon
Kim Chee Clam Dip with Malassada Chips
Tempura Green Beans with Wasabi Nori Ranch
Cold Ginger Chicken with Cilantro Pesto
Chicken Curry Salad on malassada Chip
Kim Chee and Lup Cheong Fried Rice
Grilled Mongolian Beef Tips
Crispy Pork Belly Bun
Green Tea Tiramisu
Vanilla Creme Brulee
Cocoa Puff
Malassada with Passionfruit Cream
Cucumber and Melon Granita

All plates are tapas portions, and you can order as little or as many as you like.
Sadly, the Cocoa Puff and Malassada kina come up short and I goitta wait to go home for the real deal at Leonard's and Liliha....ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(261/365) "Sunday Brunch Bash"
Sushi was just ok. Service was horrible. So slow!! They took my order to a wrong table and didn't apologize. Took them 25 min from they say we will take your dessert order until we can flag them (they don't even bother to check on us again). Don't want to go here again.
Great sushi and nice environment. Takes me back to the islands
My absolutely favorite sushi and poke spot in town! I love going there and I love ordering from there when i can't make it in. My favorite roll is the Island Special and I love their malasada sundaes. I've recommended this place to so many people! and I try to bring people here as much as possible.
LOVE Island Sushi!! It will turn you Japanese. You have to get AYCE. Price comparable to everywhere else ($22 lunch/$27 dinner) but food way better. Have to try the Island Special roll. Get 2. My fav thing about this place is the side dishes. Love the strawberry salad which has goat cheese and wonton crisps. The ahi poke is the best. Chicken lovers should try the chicken katsu and mochiko chicken. More must-try's: kimchee fried rice and pickled daikon & spicy tuna - so good!! Get the 808 Special for dessert!
After my first visit here, I came 2 more times to come back for more within the same week.  Yes, the stuff I ordered is that good.  Plus, I have an addictive personality.   When you walk in , you have 3 options.  

1. Order from their fast food section complete with all your local Hawaiian favorites.  My favorite dish that I have ordered twice from there, is the Garlic Chicken.  If you like crispy fried chicken and garlic, this dish is for you!  It is delicious and will. make you want to come back for more!  The mini size is just the right portion for me.

2. Order from the Poke Express section complete with all your poke needs from Ahi, Salmon, Shrimp, Special combinations, and even cucumber kim chi for your veggie requirements.  My favorites are the Special Combination poke, and the Furikake poke.  The raw fish is fresh, and you can order by the 1/2 pound.  This gets pretty pricey though, and you can get pretty full if you just order a 1/2 pound of poke and maybe a 1/2 pound of cucumber kim chi.  Good for the no carb dieters!

3. Sit down in their sushi restuarant and order sushi.  This I can't comment on because I haven't actually ordered from their menu.   

My stars are strictly for option 1 and 2.  If I try option and 3 and love it, I'll add my 5th star.  I'll be back for sure!!!!


Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (64/365).
omg, I LOVE POKE!!!
It was awesome. I don't remember what it was called but I had the spicy avocado poke and omg I DIED!!
then i had Hawaiian food which was pretty much spam, rice, eggs and of course as a Korean-American that's delicious/comforting.
I also had HI soda AND Portuguese donut. It was delicious. 
Everything was less than $20 and delicious and plentiful, if I'm back in Vegas I'm soo coming here.
I normally order a garlic chicken, garlic chicken combination plate with all brown rice.

Their bentos are great too! The garlic ahi tuna with a choice of chicken suits enough for two meals. The garlic chicken is sweeter in comparison to the mochiko chicken.

I do enjoy this place greatly for Hawaiian food, and it is probably the best in Las Vegas. the Plaza location is way better in though as far as consistency goes. I suggest going there if you want a larger variety of food along with tastier flavors.

The sushi here is sub par to the other sushi restaurants in Las Vegas. Definitely come here for the Hawaiian food and the tuna poke bar though (I will review this as well). It is worth a shot!
I have been too the other restaurant in downtown but first time at this location. I was in the area. So figure try the original location plus hungry nothing better for lunch then plate lunch. I should have tried something new but enjoyed the chicken and eggplant last time so got it again. Most part it same menu as the other location although in this one Poke Express in the store too and have lot more desserts lot of them individual pieces packed too go containers take home. The selection is pretty huge but like Poke (I love! So need make stop again just too try it) and dessert only had room for lunch. 

It interesting way store set up with one half being sit down restaurant style and other side local style find place sit down eat. Thankfully went late lunch because less then twenty seats. Side you seat yourself. 

Sure if ever in need for some good local food and sushi. It offers the best of both worlds.
The fried noodles and the garlic chicken are my favorites. Sometimes I hate to go in there because I know I am going to spend $60 plus on poke!
There are no words to describe this place except for making orgasmic noises! This place has the best and fresh sushi.. I highly recommend eating their sashimi and nigiri its is by far the most fresh that i have eaten here in las vegas, and i LOVE THEIR GARLIC CHICKEN.. same as all other sushi places 1 hour limit for 28$ all you can eat really worth it!
Sigh.. I didn't want to do this but I had no choice... 
All I can say is shame on you Island Sushi! We loved getting in the car with anticipation of eating all your delicious rolls but no longer....
Last night the hubby and I wanted,nay craved, your succulent rolls. With mouths watering, we stepped in and got seated.  We order our drinks but no one was around to take our order. We tried, oh did we try, to get someone's attention but I guess the wait staff was too busy chit chatting by the cash register to notice. We decide then and there to get up and fill our empty bellies somewhere else and that we did!
Very interesting place, it's a sushi and hawaiian restaurant right next to eachother/in the same building.  Luckily I wanted Sushi and the boy wanted Hawaiian so we drove a little out of our way for this place.  First off, let me say that the staff here, even though it seems young, was extremely friendly.  They all stopped what they were doing when we left and said good bye.  That's huge for me, it shows how much they care and I really appreciate that.  

The food?  All good.  We got food to go, I got the spicy mexican roll which was a shrimp tempura roll with spicy hamachi on top and jalapenos.  Then I got hamachi sashimi, which, for 5 slices being only $10, was very well priced.  All the fish was fresh, sauces were balanced, it was beautifully displayed.  The boy got the garlic shrimp combo meal and he was very happy.  I wish this place was closer, I would go more often, but we will definitely have to make a trip back soon!
So good I went twice in two days. The first was with my wife for a few rolls. The black widow was incredible. Also tried a rainbow roll, which was very good too. The staff was fun and knowledgable, and the great happy hour made us feel like we had more than our money's worth. 

Went back the next day with a good friend to try our luck with the AYCE... Where do I begin?
First of all, Bear and I can eat. A lot. So we starved ourselves all day and started with a pregame at my house featuring cold beer and a heated game of darts. Good fun. Then off to Island Sushi. The place was packed, always a good sign. We got a table right away and looked over the menu. The AYCE is reasonably priced, but  the $4 bottomless hit sake put I.S. over the top. We had 5 carafes a piece. Very smooth, with a nice butterscotch finish. Beautiful. 
The food: we started with an amazing seaweed salad, sashimi salad, and this incredible daikon/spicy tuna salad. Immediately we were happy. The fish was fresh and well portioned. The daikon salad was insane. Tried an ahi poke as well. Great flavor, fresh fish. 
We ordered more of the daikon salad and seaweed salad along with four or five rolls. The Black Widow was killer, the others very good too. After the rolls and more sake, we went with baked mussels (wonderful) and nigiri. The salmon was outstanding, not too much rice either. The hamachi was good, but the the snapper took the cake. The fish melted in my mouth.
Had another round of nigiri (all snapper) and tried the raw wasabi octopus. Had my doubts at first, but YOLO, am I right? The look of it was terrifying, but the flavor was incredible. Very spicy. A little tough, but it's octopus, it should be. We had more sake and took a smoke break outside to collaborate on a plan of attack for the final showdown.
The staff is amazing, they even tracked down a lighter for us! And they made sure our table was untouched while we decided on what to do next. We opted for more seaweed salad, a spicy tuna roll and half of a deep fried Philly. Cream cheese rolls are not my favorite, but the Bear liked it. 
Over all, I have never been so overly satisfied. This place is fanstastic. Even the simple things, like the wasabi and soysauce, was very good. 
We ended with a tempura banana split and a scoop of green tea ice cream. The exec chef was walking out as we were finishing and I was able to thank him for such a wonderful meal. He was very genuine and humble. 
This place is a gem. Please don't change a thing! Except maybe let me order more than one daikon salad per person. That stuff was too good to put a limit on. 
I look forward to my next AYCE/AYCD at this incredible hole in the wall.
Thank you Island Sushi!
Has a great brunch.
Environment: 1/5
Food: 2/5
Cost: 4/5
Employees: 5/5
Parking: 5/5
Total: 17/25

Synopsis:  So my best friend who I have known for 15 years is getting married.  So she decided to have her bachelorette in none-other, VEGAS!!!   Our first meal there was at Island Sushi. It was an L&L look alike.  Why we came here, I have no idea.  I can get this at home, really.  The food was not noteworthy.  However, what was disturbing was inside the restaurant.  The place looked so drabbed down I wouldn't want to be found dead here.  The question remains as to whether or not I would come back here again. The answer is probably no because I don't prefer plate lunches.

Environment: When you come here, it resembles so much like Hawai'i.  Didn't you know Las Vegas is the new safe house for former Hawai'i residents, who can't afford to live there?  Once inside, it wasn't too appealing in color.  You see all the metallic refrigerators, kitchen area.  The floors are drab, the walls are dark tinted yellow.  It is certainly meant for a quick and run kind of sit-in place. 

Food: I had the Garlic Ahi and all brown rice.  It looked like 3 pieces of 3 oz of grilled ahi, once slice of lemon, and 2 cups of brown rice.  This will fill you up for the price.  The Garlic Ahi was a bit bland.  I would recommend having a garlic sauce to go with it to make it jump from mediocre to awesome. I should have opted out for the mini plate on this one, but because I was starving I didn't care. 3/5

Poke: Although, I didn't have this, the fish didn't look fresh.  It didn't have that shiny, unslimmy, I-Was-Just-Placed-Here kind of look to it.  Yikes! Joe and Phil decided to get it anyway.  Luckily, they chose something that was a little fresher, but the taste was not Hawai'I or my father's level of greatness. 2/5

Cost: My plate came out to be 9.95.  That's cheap, considering the brown rice was an extra $1.25.  Ridiculous.  However, what was uber expensive was the poke. $16.99 a pound!  Jesus Christ!  And if you read the latter information, you would know you were being gypped. 

Employees: They were very nice.  The girl at the desk greeted with a smile.  Very courteous, it almost made me forget that the place was a POS.

Parking: This was by far the best feature of this place.  Because it's Vegas, meaning more land space, we had prime real estate, also known as right in front of the doors.
Oh Yeah, you guys, Oh yeah.

Went for the AYCE a few days ago. Freaking spactacular as always. This time I ventured out a little more, going with my usual nigiri (Oh that hamachi) and rolls (black widow everytime baby) and some new treats, including the strawberry and goat cheese salad, the grilled hamachi collar with ponzu and the teri beef and teri chicken. 
Beautiful. 
Sarie had a few rolls, loving every bite. She did the classic Sarie rolls (California, Spicy Tuna). What can I say, she knows what she likes...
The service is always crazy good. This time we were laughing at our girl's description of the size of the mochi balls. God bless! ('I've had bigger balls' she tells me)
Oh! And they have an AYCE punch card you guys! She brought one out for me at the end of my feast. Buy 10 AYCE, the 11th is a freebie.  I was grateful, but somewhat perturbed that I had been 3 times so far and never knew about the punchie. But hey, this is ISLAND SUSHI we're talking about. My beautiful server went back in time for me and gave me credit for those times too.
Oh yeah, you guys, oh yeah.

By the way, The Bear and I will be working on punchhole #4 on Sunday night, so you better have that beautiful sushi man warmed up and ready to roll on my Black Widow baby!
I love their food , but their attitude kinda suck !!!!!!!
The food and the service is whatever!
The place was packed, but we instantly got a seat at the bar. The ayce is around $26 for dinner. There were a million rules that reminded me of catholic boarding school in Essex when I was a wee lad. But none of them scared us off. Usual crap: eat all the rolls. Eat the rice. Don't stay for more than 2 hours. One dessert per person.

The food: bomb. Quick. Not overly large rolls. The sushi chefs were nice and helpful. The specialty rolls were creative. Some new pairings I haven't seen before. The nigiri wasn't stingy on the fish. We had hamachi and salmon. Both were tender, fresh, and meaty.

One thing that was awesome about this place is that after 4 full rolls and 4 pieces of nigiri, the people were shocked we were ordering dessert. They wanted us to eat more. That says something about the service. They weren't trying to get us the fock out. 

All in all, good place. The ayce for what we eat is probably what we would spend a-la-carte, but whatever.

Just remember, eat your rice. ;)
Great place to get sushi on this side of town. Servings of the raw fish in rolls and nigiri dishes are above average size. The flavor is amazing. The tiger roll is amazing because the spicy tuna doesn't over power  the other ingredients like most places do. Def recommended.
Island Sushi has a lot of potential to it, but unfortunately to me it seemed like just another ordinary sushi bar. The service here is nice, but it's more of the dishes that are bland. Nothing over the top or colorful. This is more of a neighborhood sushi bar to get your fix with sushi if you're not looking for anything over the top.

Came here twice with a group of friends who sat in the dining area and with a friend who sat at the bar. Both times seating was ready and available. Waitresses were nice and so were the chefs at the bar. The only dispute I have is with the miso soup. Way, *way* too salty for its own good. Everything else tasted great, though. Even though Island Sushi is A-OK, I wouldn't mind stopping by here again if I'm in the neighborhood.
Always a delicious treat when we eat here. Came here with a few friends that were missing "local food" so what better place than Island Sushi & Grill. Very accommodating with the 10 friends we had, started with a couple appetizers for everybody: spicy tuna with pickled daikon, ahi poke, baked mussels, garlic chicken, Kim chii fried rice, yaki soba, spicy raw crab (yummy), hamachi Kama, sashimi salad and that's just appetizers.   On to the Nigri sushi all fresh and perfectly made: hamachi, yellowtail, Cajun albacore, ebi, amaebi, salmon skin hand roll.....whole lotta goodness in just two entrees. For the grand sushi rolls we ordered the maKaha, big island, kahuku and more than we can't seem to remember due to being comatose. 

Oh let me mind you that they do offer an AYCD on sake!!!  What?!?!?!  Yes all you can drink sake!!!!  Great food and get drunk, how can you complain. Let's not forget the dessert: 808 special!!!  So yum yum and you can even take some cocoa puffs. 

Hard to find great sushi spots and we've grown to love this place.  Will definitely keep going back especially with the start of their punch cards. Auryte!!!!!
all you can eat sushi & all you can drink sake!
Visiting in Las Vegas is always fun! One of the funnest things to do in Vegas, besides wasting your $ on the slots and in the shops, is EATING. Vegas has some amazing restaurants.

Island sushi is one of those amazing places. I went with a large group of friends and we tried several  rolls. All of them were amazing. 

Every Monday and Thursday they have 50% your bill and that knocked our $300 bill to $150. We were pretty damn pleased.

I walked out feeling great, not stuffed. Everything was Fresh and just yum.

I'd describe this place as orgasm-in-mouth. Yum! I will be back.
Ok... So let's talk about this place :-)  I live in summerlin and decide to drive all the way out here to check this place out because my friend likes it. I'm always a bit leary because what a friend think's is good quality is completely different then what I think is good.  

So... I walk inside and it's divided into 2 types of restaurants in 1 bldg with a wall dividing the two.  Inside the main entrance is the hawaiian side of the dining room with approx 3 tables and a counter area to order from just like aloha kitchen and L&L hawaiian.  On the other side of the wall is the sushi side of the restaurant with several tables and a sushi bar (both halves of this place are VERY small)  So after waiting a few minutes I get a seat at the sushi bar and they have 2 chefs and I think 2 or 3 servers and the place is full.  It is VERY easy to see right away that they are definitely under staffed for the amount of guests they have. After waiting approx 15 min we finally get to place our first order.  The menu looks good and the quality was fine (nothing great but certainly nothing bad at all)  But they were definitely VERY slow both the food and the servers and very cramped inside.  Once thing I will mention is when I ordered the uni (sea urchin) the first piece tasted very funny and odd and I thought ok maybe just maybe it was me.. I tried the 2nd piece and it was very noticeable.  

Sorry, This place is definitely not worth going to. There are several places closer to me that I can get avg sushi and better service at.
I found this place doing a Yelp search while planning my trip to LV.  And the lovely thing was my cousin and LV resident, highly recommended this place for AYCE sushi.  The great thing about this place (to me) is that it's away from the LV Strip.  Been there, done that, y'know? Sometimes off the beaten track is best and Island Sushi did not disappoint!

This place is a hole-in-the-wall. No doubt about that.  You want a Zen or tranquil or a sleek sushi house experience, this ain't it.  This is get-down-to-business-eat-your-sushi-or-Hawaiian-favorites kinda joint. 

We had a fantastic experience.  The servers were great. Always checking on us, clearing plates, refilling glasses and making sure if we wanted more sushi--and not in a "hurry up and order" kind of way, but in a genuine "would you like more to eat?" kind of way.  

This was my first time doing AYCE sushi (other than Todai which I hated, so I won't count that).  We made sure we understood the rules and then we ordered well.  Very well.  Everything was delicious. Well made and fresh. 

We ordered Ahi Poke and Hammachi Kama.  The Ahi Poke was my favorite--the flavors so fresh. I wish I could re-create it at home because I'd eat it at least once a week. The Hammachi was delicious too. It reminded me of the grilled fish my dad serves.

Nigiri: Tuna, Cajun Tuna, Garlic Tuna, Super White Tuna, Albacore, Hammachi, Salmon, Ebi and Unagi.  Some we loved so much we ordered them twice (and 3 times in the case of Garlic Tuna)  

Maki: Tiger, Spicy Mexican, Joe's Special.  All so good. If you like Jalapeno and Siracha, the Mexican roll is for you.  For me, it had a nice heat, not too spicy.  The Tiger Roll was my favorite because I love shrimp tempura and spicy tuna--well made and tasty. Joe's Special--I don't know who Joe is, but this is also a fine roll--shrimp tempura, cucumber and ahi. 

Save room for dessert.  In fact, if you're full, order dessert anyway.  They're not huge portions but are certainly delicious.  I had the Malassada sundae, made with warm malassada donuts, vanilla ice cream, strawberries and guava sauce drizzle. Every bite was delicious.  I also got to try the warm brownie sundae--also very good. The brownie is dense and rich, almost like a flourless chocolate cake. 

The bro is good at math so I had him check our AYCE price versus if we just paid a la carte--the AYCE is definitely a steal.  This is certainly better than any buffet style AYCE sushi because you can order off of 3 different pages of Nigiri and Maki and side dishes and everything is fresh to order.
So after eating at Island Sushi this is now my go to place for AYCE sushi and Hawaiian food.  When one of our friends that lives in Vegas brought us here we were  a bit hesitant about this place.  We walked in and I swear it felt like I just walked into a cafe from Hawaii.  The smell of the malasadas were awesome.  I love how there's a bakery on one side and the restaurant on the other.  So we sat down, a party of 14, and  all ordered AYCE... The faces on the sushi chefs were classic. Hahaha We ordered pretty much every roll they had and every single one was bomb.  I cant remember the names but damn they were good.  The one that got me was the Uni and kimchee fried rice.  Damn that uni was damn good.  I could eat tons of that kimchee fried rice.  So we came to the desert and first thing i see is the malasada ice cream sundae.  WHAT! oh hell yes I will take one pls.  Their malasada was so good we ordered 2 dozen before we left. Hahahaha not as good as Leonards in Hawaii but pretty damn close. The service was the best as close as you can get to the aloha spirit of Hawaii.  Some even still have their pidgin accent. Awesome.   I will definitely be coming here again.. Great place!!!
Not sure if their phone order service is going downhill but it's been a struggle to even get an order in.  

USUALLY, when I call I get my order in quick.  Now it's like if you don't respond within 1 second they hang up on you.  The 2nd time there's there's a internet phone dial up sound, then the 3rd time they answer.

Not even a minute ago I tried putting in my order and I was on hold for 7 minutes.  Why did I stay on the phone for 7 minutes? Because I wanted to record everything that happened because of their stupid phone service...

Minute 1: 
Them: Island sushi and grill can I help you?
Me: Hi can i place a take out order?
Them: Ok can I put you on hold for a little?
*finishes up taking an order*

Minute 2 - 4:
*background noise*

Minute 5:
*Them taking another order*

Minute 6:
*someone drops dishes*

Minute 7:
Them: Hello? 1 second later hangs up...

I'm a regular and unless their customer service improves I will not be returning here just the mere fact that their staff is incapable of "completing an order before pissing the customer off"
ok so went to Island Sushi last night and ordered a saimin and a mini tonkatsu.  First of all, we were the only ones in there, our order took over 15 minutes to come out, our  tonkatsu came out first and when we opened our plate, there was 5 tiny pieces of tonkatsu.  ARE YOU SERIOUS?  we just sat there staring at the plate saying are you kidding, are they serious?  we asked the worker if this was really the order, she said yes, they give one piece for a mini!  we had to laugh...then our saimin came out and was not even hot, we had to ask them to put it in the microwave.  this place has gone downhill and I guess that's what they do, suck you in with the food and then they rip you off!  We love their food but seriously, what's next?
Pretty decent place if you want to eat 'americanized, sushi. I'm just getting started in the sushi world so I like tempura sushi and they happen to have a nice selection. The desert is really good.
**Grill side** Island sushi & grill has to be my favorite place for Hawaiian local food. Anytime you walk into a hawaiian local spot you will always feel the warmth and aloha. They are so welcoming it feels like i'm home! Garlic chicken is so awesome. I always get the bento with the teriyaki beef and choice of chicken which would always be the garlic chicken. I share with my son all the time and he absolutely loves it. He never leaves me any noodles though :(  Now that they have poke express, I'm totally in love! Spicy ago combo is my ultimate fave poke! Their limu is good too. I'm just sad it's far from my house. Malasadas are yummy with the fillings. There are other desserts too. So good! A good 15 mins but it's so worth going there.

*sushi side* All you can eat is great, i always have the scallop mayo, i can't find it anywhere else and that really reminds me of back home. they also have really good sides!  service is always good
This place is ok. Good and fast service, but the rolls are nothing to write home about. In fact, most of them are tempura shrimp based so there is not much true variety if you think about it. The tempura banana desert is really good, so if you find yourself eating here, make sure you get it.
My cousin showed us this place while my family was on vacation. This place is great. The employees were friendly, the food was delicious, and the environment was relaxing. There is such a large variety of food that it was difficult for me to pick! My brother and I got yakisoba with chicken, my parents got something else but I forgot. The yakisoba contained a perfect mix of ingredients. Not too much vegetables and not too little yakisoba! My parents said that their meal tasted like they were in Hawaii! We ate on the grill side, but as I saw, the sushi side has a nice modern look.
First time coming here for sushi. Ate a few of the selection and it tasted pretty good but I wasn't blown away by it. Everything was fresh and what not. I did find a new appetizer that I liked called the Ahi Poke. Not too shabby! Not much Nigiri selection as far as the citrus'y type goes (it's mainly the norm and plain kind).

Only thing I thought was kind of dumb was the fact that there were certain item on the menu that you can't order for lunch unless you pay the dinner price. Really?  

Also, you are only allowed 1 dessert per person. You can't order another one after you're done.

Still debating about whether I would go back or not. Not that it's bad or anything...just ehhhhh.
I had the teishoku A with a choice of fried Saba and the Surf and Turf sushi roll. Both were good.
One of the best places to get hawaiian style poke and malasadas.
Wasn't really expecting much out of this place but this place was really good. It was a little busy so it did take little to get our food. But our waiter and the busier were really kool and helped us choose some rolls and desert.
Coming in here was a bit confusing. At first it threw me off that there is different sections for different restaurants. It looked like one big place to me. Poke express is inside island sushi and I was strictly coming here for poke but decided to eat at island sushi also. This place is pretty good. Good customer service and good food. The lady that had helped me was nice. She explained all the questions I had and was very nice about it. I liked the Hawaiian food mix that they had going on. 

I had the "grilled" side of island sushi.  I ordered the loco moco with Portuguese sausage. It was pretty good. I had tried stuff my group had gotten also. No complaints really.  I would recommend coming here just for the poke express but this place is a added bonus. Although it only says ISLAND SUSHI outside and a small poke express on the door when coming in. My food at poke express probably overshadowed how good the food is here so I will probably come back here and give an update if this place is even more awesome or not.
My husband and I decided to try this place after a great recommendation from an acquaintance. Although the sushi was good, the service was horrible.  We didn't have to wait to be seated but the waitress never brought us our appetizer, nothing hard to remember (it was just 2 orders of miso soup) and was not very welcoming.  We felt like she didn't want to be there and do her job. Also, although there were not that many people the wait for our sushi (all raw, no cooking required) took a long time. The only thing that came to the table fast was the check and the only thing that left the table fast was the money.  Don't think we are coming here again.
Mmmm. Mmmmm. Mmmmmm. Love the baked sushi dishes. Baked lasagna.... a must try :) There are two sides to the restaurant. Island Grill & Island Sushi. Island Grill is a more of a sit down, let's eat quick or take it to go, section. They serve hamburgers, bbq/grilled food, noodles, etc. They also have kimchee rice! I fell in love at first site :) It was delicious (for you kimchee lovers). It separates into the Island Sushi room. A nice sit down, let's drink a glass of wine or a bottle of beer, area. There are 2 Tv's which usually has sports on (for you sports lovers) and a small bar where you can watch the chefs make sushi. If you are on a sushi fix, I recommend purchasing the "all you can eat" sushi menu. It is worth the price you pay! Noise level can get loud when there's a big sports event on TV.
Food is very good. I have only had delivery so I don't know how the restaurant is but the sushi is very yummy. My only complaint is that delivery is so much! It was about $15 for a delivery charge.
Came back here 2 more times, this time I stuck with the lunch pricing vs dinner pricing during lunch time. Food is still fresh. Depending on who the server is that day will depend on how great of a customer service you are going to get. 

They get pretty packed during noon time and there seems to only be 2 people working there so expect to take a longer lunch. 

I finally tried their desert (808 special and malassada sundae) and its pretty tasty. I like the malassada sundae a lot because of the flavors in it. 

Definitely would like to go back and eat more.
Hands down one of the best AYCE sushi spots in town. It's been really packed lately but that's because of how great it is. I can never have enough of the island special roll. The best. Everything is great at this spot!
best hawaiian food in vegas! mochiko chicken & teri beef bento! mmmmmmm....
I came here for AYCE sushi and this place has pretty good sushi, and this is the only place where I was able to find soft shell crab poke. Yes, it was yummy. 

Another trip for the malasadas and coco puffs. Dang this place has the best malasadas in town so far. Perfectly sugared, fried to perfection on the outside with a slight crispyness and then you hit that warm and luscious dough on the inside which gives a light but chewy goodness. Next time I'm ordering a dozen for myself. Coco puffs were quite tasty too. Chocolate pudding was good, the puff was nice and light, and the macadamia nut frosting on top was the closest I've had to Liliha bakery's mac nut butter.
I have been here more times than I can count and any time I'm craving sushi and treats from "home" (Hawaii), this is where I head. The prices are standard for AYCE ($21.95 for lunch and $26.95 for dinner) and well worth it. You have many choices of appetizers/sides and my favorites are the ahi poke (from Poke Express), mochiko chicken, garlic chicken, sashimi salad, and kimchee fried rice. Good stuff. I like to order the hand rolls with hamachi (yellowtail) and sake (salmon). Fresh and delicious. My favorite specialty rolls are the Black Widow, Dragon, Island Special, Tiger, Kahuku, and Pauhana.

We celebrated my dad's birthday there last May and it was also Mother's Day so we participated in the AYCE Sushi plus Sunday brunch. The special menu featured breakfast favorites like pancakes and mimosas. There were also additional desserts that were unlimited like cream puffs and filled malasadas (they were both so, so good). I thought it was just for the holiday, but I saw a similar menu during another visit, so it may be a Sunday Brunch thing. Either way, I recommend a visit with the special menu because it made the meal so much better.
Sushi is ok. i prefer not to go to AYCE places, because the fish is not the freshest. Also, sometimes the service sucks really bad, if you are not sitting at the bar. Prices are about average for AYCE joint. 

If you want better sushi then go to Momo Sushi.
Always great food and service. Havent had bad experience yet. Ordered spicy machiko chicken and finished with coco puffs for desert. One of my favorite spots for plate lunch.
This review is for the sushi portion of dinner. The restaurant is located on Eastern past Serene, but before Richmar. If you get up to BJs, you've gone too far. Inside of the restaurant is sectioned off in to two areas. Entrance area seems to be designated for traditional Hawaiian grilled dishes, and the area thru the door on the right is the sit down sushi area. We came here on a Friday night and it was packed. They do have a wide selection of AYCE sushi and many sides to choose from (although the sides appear to be half of what you'd get if you were ordering a la carte).

The AYCE menu has two symbols that denote different things. Chopsticks next to the item indicate it is a dinner only item, while the sushi icon indicates it is one order per person.  The rolls were fine and fish relatively fresh. One thing to note is their speciality rolls were in fact not drenched in Yum sauce or mayo concoctions of any sort. A lot of what we ordered had their garlic sauce on the roll itself, and I wasn't a fan. It tasted like gin ...I know strange.  

We sample several rolls: Joe's Special, Black Widow, Spicy Mexican, Lava Lover, Lasagna, Surf and Turf. I also had their scallop mayo and salmon nigiri. The salmon was fresh, the scallop mayo was very bland and forgettable. My favorite roll of the group was Spicy Mexican, the rest were decent, but nothing I would rush to eat again.

The service was fine, minus the initial hiccup. It took a little over 20 minutes to get our first three rolls to the table. I know that it wasn't our servers fault, and it was pretty packed in there. They didn't bring it out roll by roll so we had food coming throughout, instead they waited for all rolls to be made before they brought them out. I guess it makes more sense that way, especially with being so packed.  So although, famished by the time we got the food, I won't hold it against them.

I would recommend this place is you want more simple, non yum sauce heavy rolls with fresh fish and friendly service.
the service was good. the sushi was ok, the rice fell apart when i picked it up. the fish tasted fresh and they had a spicy roll which i loved. it was spicy crunchy! with sriracha, green pepper, crunchies and shrimp tempura. we also tried the deep fried chicken from the other room. that was super delish. and i had dessert of course. dabash cake which was chocolate on chocolate. the dessert was made at their bakery and made up for the rice. it's a family restaurant and so it was loud. they also offered half off rolls!
I love this place and I love the happy hours. The service is great and friendly. The most I love is the desserts. I tried the deserts here when I was on my date and I love it.
Had to try this place after passing by & hearing other satisfied opinions. The taste of everything was so flavorful. I felt like in a small local business in Hawaii. It's casual and a clean looking atmosphere. The variety of appetizer plates you can order besides sushi for the All You Can Eat is great. I kinda wished there were more spicy rolls but the mussels, nigiri, spinach salad, and etc tasted fresh. Service is fine too. I will definitely be back. My favorite sushi places have some competition!
This place may not be for everyone, but I love it!  I've been here eight jillion times for AYCE sushi- the service is great, friendly, the sushi chefs are fast, smiling, ready to be of service no matter how busy they are, and I've been there when they've be REALLY busy~!  When you order from the servers the food comes out hot, or cold as the case may be, and quick- never had to remind a server "we're waiting on,..." ever.  The AYCE rules are reasonable, and, best of all, never get the feeling they're slowing down because you are doing AYCE -- Rolls are good, a good variety of everything- I developed a shrimp allergy, so even with that, the variety is outstanding, and they will make accommodations.  Not fancy, so don't get your hopes up that you're going to a place that's getting Michelin Stars- if you want a place that you can go, eat good food, relax and have a nice visit with friends and family, there ya go!
On a little weekend trip to Vegas, me and my friend wanted to explore the local joints a lot more and heard about Island Sushi Grill.  We happened to go there on a weekend ayce brunch time and ordered alot of rolls and fusion-y items from the menu.   All the rolls were pretty yummy and the spam sliders were addicting!  

Overall a good relaxing local place for japanese food.  Definitely a place to be around to hang with the locals of Las Vegas versus all the random tourists.
I wasn't happy with my experience. I ordered Portuguese sausage loco moco- waited about 15 minutes just to get spam loco moco. Ordered garlic shrimp plate and there was no taste to it. The macaroni salad was so bland- also no taste. I left still hungry :( I won't be eating here again, but I will come back for the poke though every once in a while cuz it's $16 per pound- wwooww, but it's onolicious. I would give it a 1 star but the poke is delicious so 2 stars it is.
What a nice break from the restaurants on the strip!  Buffet lunch is completely worth it.  Fish quality is great.  Service is great.  Just word of advice: make sure u read the whole menu and choose what u most want first before u fill ur belly up with ur 2nd tier options.
Visited twice but I think that's that. 

During my last visit, the service was dreadful.  They were very understaffed (so, not really the waitstaff's problem) which translated into an annoying ordeal just to get our order taken, water refilled, or our food.  C+

Unfortunately, the food did not make up for the service.  We ordered the salmon sashimi with orgasm sauce ($8).  The salmon was drenched in the mayonnaise-based dressing and, even then, under all that crap, I could tell it wasn't the freshest fish.  Pass.

We also ordered the Joe's Special and Maui Wowie rolls.  I enjoyed the Maui Wowie (shrimp tempura, eel, avocado) but the Joe's Special was pretty underwhelming.  Also, once again, I wasn't impressed with the quality of the fish.  Maybe I was there on a bad day?

The only redeeming quality of our meal was the malasada sundae.  I really enjoyed the fresh malasada (portugese donut), vanilla ice cream, and guava sauce. However, I would not endure another dining experience here just for this dessert.  Which, is a shame, because it's delicious.

Overall: If I ever returned, I'd go to the take-out window and skip the restaurant.
In town for Memorial Day weekend and had to drop in to Island Sushi for the Sunday Pupu brunch. Everything I had was well prepared and tasted delicious. Started with Cali roll, rainbow roll, miso soup and then got serious with Teri beef, loco moco, ahi poke bowl and wrapped it up with two mini banana pancakes with chocolate chips and guava syrup, mini creme brle, malassada breakfast sandwich and banana tempura. This was a great AYCE experience! I really was impressed by every dish...banana pancakes and the rainbow roll were my favorites. Can't wait to come back!
Great food & employees. You feel like family here and once you try the food it's hard to go anywhere else.
Love it, great selection.. You can have it all
Decent sushi, Hawiian food as authentic as it gets, and really fresh poke for when you're on the run. The staff is really sweet, and service is quick. My favorite Hawaiian restaurant for sure.
Our first visit here, had no idea about AYCE sunday brunch. 

Service was great, no problem here.

Sushi was awesome, we got a bunch. I think the tempura deep fried cali roll was delicious.

On the brunch menu, we got strawberry pancake, french toast, chicken adobo fried rice with egg, mini peanut butter malasadas, peach cobbler pie. and all were excellent.

We will be back maybe this weekend when family is in town.
Great place to get a Hawaiian fix. They have all the favorites even Haupui, Dobosh cake, Poke.  I tried the Poke and it was very good. The Yakisoba was OK, wonton Ramen was delicious, and kimchi ramen was good too, but just a tad too spicy for my taste. Also tried the loco moco it was good, but not the best I've had. Have to go back to try the Oxtail soup after 6:00pm.
How much do I love this place?  Let me count the ways:  the wait staff and manager are VERY friendly, the sushi is always fresh and DELICIOUS, the all you can drink house sake, the competitive pricing, the hawaiian dishes, the takeout nextdoor, etc etc.  The list goes on!
I was so disappointed in this place. It's really gone downhill. I did the all you can eat and the sushi tasted fishy and like a refrigerator. I talked to the manager and he insisted on charging me the full all you can eat price for just 4 pieces of sushi because I couldn't continue eating with such poor quality. What happened to Island sushi?
Great sushi.
There is the "sit down, get served" kine, and there is the "lunch stand" kine. I just went to the lunch stand part.. I went to the very back to get my quarter pound of spicy avocado poke, then I went to the register to order musubi. :) In the future I will go to the sushi bar area and check that out. Otherwise, I love it I love it I love it. Broke da mouf, fo' sho'!
Love it! Reminds me of home. 
Can't beat the portions or the price!
Friendly girls working the cash register and took our order.  My mother in law had visited this place since moving to LV.  She enjoyed the food and taken many other relatives there.  

I ordered the kimchee saimin and regular saimin for my daughter and I. My daughter had the mini Teri beef. She LOVED IT!! 

We normally go to Aloha Specialities @California Hotel in dwtwn, but they also have a location in Downtown.... We may have found a NEW place to eat!!
It was our first time here so asked the girl what she recommends.  she said garlic chicken was their popular dish.  So we had the garlic chicken, kalbi and malasadas.  All were delicious!  Can't wait to come back!
Pretty awesome place! I was in the area and, based off my friend's recommendation, we dropped by during Happy Hour (50% off rolls). I was in a bit of a hurry and just ordered 3 rolls between us:

-Ahi Fever Roll
-Caterpillar Roll
-Spider Roll 

All were excellent! They tasted more authentic than most sushi restaurants. So delicious. There are two separate sections and we sat in the self-service area (Poke Express?), however the staff was still friendly. I look forward to trying the AYCE here. It's somewhat in my area so I will definitely be back!
Been meaning to try this place for such a long time now & I can't believe I waited this long. I do live on the Westside though so it's a bit of a travel but it was worth it! 

Boyfriend & I did AYCE around lunchtime. All the sushi were fresh, huge and delicious! I suggest getting the Chili Garlic Edemame as well! Service was terrific, loved the interior. Just a quaint little place with various Hawaiian decor.

Really appreciated the warm ALOOOOHA spirit, since my boyfriend & I are from Hawaii. Oh, and if you're looking for poke, look no further. Poke Express is next door!

You're welcome. :)
My cousin took us here for dinner at Island Sushi... this hole in the wall place has tasty sushi, yummy Hawaiian food and the BEST malasadas in the mainland!   Wiped out a rainbow roll, chicken katsu and the 808 Special (a humongous dessert with deep fried bananas, 2 scoops of ice cream, fruits and whipped cream).

Did I mention that their malasadas are the best that I've had on the mainland?  Cause they are!!  Okay, I've only been here one, but for that one visit....oh man!  They were so good!  I hope that the next time we go here, there malasadas are still scrumptiously divinely yummy!!

It is located off of the Strip so if you're visiting Vegas, then you'll have to drive or take a taxi.  It is worth it though!  If you are from Vegas, then check them out for yourself.
Affordable all you can eat lunch! Hamachi Nigiri, Spider Roll, Crunch Roll, 007 Roll, Spicy Tuna and Chicken Katasu, Gyozas.  Makes me, my wife and friends smile!
We came here for a friends birthday & it was the worst place I have ever been to.  

I ordered some sort of egg plate and a roll (I forgot what roll it was), but the taste of the plate was INCREDIBLY horrible and tasted spoiled! I took three bites and I had to put my fork down.  The rolls were not that great either. It was stale, bland, and unappealing.

The service was mediocre. However, thee price we paid was too overpriced.  I would never step into this restaurant again.
Eggplants fries are the bomb!  Yes, it is also part of the AYCE sushi menu.  Typically, we would go to Goyemon for the AYCE, but Island Sushi is our next go to place if we don't want to trek to Goyemon.

The fish selection are great here too.  They are fresh and delicious.  What I like to order here are not just the egglants fries, but the crab tako.  I can chow down three order of these because the sauce and the raw crab goes so well together.  

For dessert, we only get one order per person, so I typically chose wisely.  I would get the malasada if it was fresh, and not just a lump of stale dough.  If I asked and it has been sitting since earlier that day, I would default to the brownie and scoop of ice cream.

Overall, I am a fan and will return.  They also have a AYCE brunch menu that includes item like King's Hawaiian bread french toast, and other interesting items.  Check it out if you have not done so!
Decent sushi but overpriced. I'll probably visit again if I'm on that side of town but I will stick to my usual sushi spot.
Place is bomb. I always get the small bento with garlic chicken. I never tried the sushi side of the restaurant though. The spicy ahi poke at the poke bar is crack! The service is great but the place isn't always clean. This is one of the places in Vegas that I know that sells bentos like in Hawaii. If you like places like this and your in Vegas you could also try Rice Trax for Bentos
nothing over the top about this place besides the $8 all u can drink asahi drafts. food was average and so was the service.
Worst customer service I have ever experienced in my entire life. I never write reviews but after this experience, I thought it my duty to warn future patrons. Never will I ever come back...not even if the food was free.
House rules say you AYCE in 90mins.  Monkey do.  

MAUNA KEA
CATERPILLAR
CANDY CANE
MALASSADA SUNDAE

While each roll averages about $13 each, you get your money's worth with just two rolls.  Overdid at the third and didn't realize dessert comes with it.  Whoa!  Malassada topped with strawberries, vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and guava sauce...  Rolls came out quick and with a smile.  Lunch is $21.99 til 4pm and Dinner is $26.99.  Monkey shall return to try out the grilled items.
Great sushi restaurant, service was excellent, staff was very friendly "chewy" and "Jose", and the food was very fresh. Drink never went empty, and the variety of food is great. Will be going back for sure!
I tried other AYCE sushi places, and i'm not really a sushi snob, as long as its pretty fresh and they make it, in front of you and as  long as it tastes good -that good for me.
I've been here a few times, what I like about Island Sushi is that you get your sushi fix (if you are hungry) as well as Local Hawaiian specialtys like Poke, Mochiko and Garlic chicken, malasada, miso yaki fish, etc. Food is tasty and you will eat plenty. Try there special sushi like Candy Cane, Mauna Loa, Surf and Turf etc. Food is comes pretty quick and servers are pretty cool.
Dont pass it up...jus do it 
We eat here once a week for their Happy Hour & it never disappoints! I especially love that their HH is extended to the weekends! We have our "usual" & it's consistently good every time! 

My boyfriend gets:
- Salmon Sashimi w/ Orgasm Sauce
- Salmon Lovers Roll
- sometimes he'll order something different! 

I ALWAYS get the Crunch Roll. I find myself craving it throughout the week. I'm not a sashimi fan, so I do stick with what I'm comfortable with. 

As far as service goes, everyone is always friendly & smiling. They make you feel comfortable. Sandy will usually come to our table & say what's up; it's nice when the staff recognizes you! 

I love this place. You have to try it! Oh, & the desserts...to die for. 808 Special & the Tempura Fried Ice Cream. Oh myyyy.
No. Do. Not. Order the brownie.
My boyfriend and I came here an hour before they closed and we were glad to hear it was happy hour. 
Pluses - $2 Asahi Drafts for happy hour and sushi rolls were delicious. 
Downer- service wasn't that great. It took us 10 mins to get our bill after asking our server and 15 more minutes for her to give us the bill. It was a little busy but tables she went to, she was returning for water refills, food orders, or checking up on them.
Unfortunately they do not know how to properly prepare spam musubi. The Nori is not supposed to have a paper like consistency when served. It's really not that hard.
Love their tonkatsu and fried noodles.  They also make malasadas and cocoa puffs and definitely the place for poke in the 702.
Not what I would expect to see decor wise for an AYCE sushi place but don't let that deter you. They serve some of the FRESHEST fish!!! The wait staff is nothing but super friendly either!! Definitely a go to spot if you love sushi.
So I've never had AYCE at Island sushi until this past weekend. I have to say I thought the food was ok. It wasn't anything that would make me want to take people to. The rolls were ok. The uni was good. The service was good. I just don't think that it was worth the price for the food. If your into Hawaiian infused sushi this place is for you but I will stick to my fave spots. The poke here is very good just expensive.... it's more worth it for me to go buy fish & make it myself. All in all it was ok but I will NOT be returning here for sushi when there are far better places, better priced.
YUM.  

that's the first word that pops into my head when i think of islands sushi. this restaurant has become one of my favorites in vegas.  i don't really like being reminded of home when i'm on vacation, but the food, family-friendly atmosphere & service has been totally awesome, like restaurants back in hawaii.  it's hard to find exceptionally great sushi/local food on the mainland.  if i were to move here to the 9th island, i wouldn't be too sad.

my last visit was great, but not as satisfying only because of pregnancy.  i can't tolerate certain smells and i certainly don't eat much at this point. i was also told to stay away from sashimi, which is fine since i'm not a huge fan.  i like to make the most of buffets and i just couldn't do it, so i decided not to take advantage of the all-you-can-eat deal and instead got a bento box. 

i didn't make a mistake. it was very yummy!  i chose the bento box a - teri beef w/furikake rice, yakisoba, spam and choice of chicken.  i went with the garlic chicken.  it was a lot of food for $8.25. i had to take it home.  didn't eat much of the chicken (i think i had an aversion to it) but pounded the spam and half of the teri beef.  my son enjoyed it too.  i was surprised that he sat still and ate good. 

the 808 special is the bomb. i missed that, some of the rolls and basically just the all you can eat deal. i'm definitely looking forward to it next time 'cause i won't be pregnant when i come back (i think).

almost forgot.. their malasadas are good too :)
Coming from beach area in Southern CA, we are somewhat sushi snobs as it is quite fresh where we are. That being said, we have always been a bit hesitant to try sushi in the middle of a desert! At the request of a friend, we did finally try Island Sushi and now wish we could get there every week from So. Cal!!! Nothing beats it and the all-you-can-eat price ROCKS! Food was awesome! Service was wonderful and they encouraged us to try some new things that were so good! Worth every penny! Our new favorite place in town! Can't wait to go back!!!
I love this place!  The all you can eat sushi deal for dinner is absolutely worth it.  The grill is very tasty, from the bbq short ribs to the garlic chicken to the fried noodles.  They also have a fresh selection for ahi tuna in the deli section, variety of flavored marinades.  The customer service is also great!  Once I had ordered something new to me, and it was just too salty for my taste and without any hesitation they replaced it!  Thanks
I remember when this place was koto and the AYCE was some of the best I've ever had. Now it's island sushi. The AYCE is standard fare. Carbon copy of all the other AYCE sushi places in town for the most part. What this place has that others don't is the aloha spirit. The staff is super friendly and very helpful. Never an empty water cup. When I'm here, I feel like I'm at a friends house. Always feel welcomed.
YUM this is my favorite lunch spot while in Vegas! definetly would reccomend
I moved from Southern California so of course I have high standards when it comes to Sushi! By far this is the BEST place I have been to in Las Vegas for Sushi! I left highly satisfied! They have very good customer service, they are on top of everything and very polite! I sat at the bar where you can watch them make the sushi rolls before your eyes! I tried Saki for the first time & I have to say it was AMAZING! Definitly coming back to this place often! Only thing I did not like is how small and crowded it feels in there! Overall though I don't mind it because their Sushi is certainly worth every second!
If you craving Hawaiian food this is the place to come..plus you can grab poke too! Cheeeee!
We came here on a Monday evening and ordered 2 dinner AYCE for $67 ($27 each for adult)

- We had to wait about 10min for them to have a table ready for us. I was surprised to see how busy it was, being it was a Monday. Then again, they did have Monday night football on. 
- Our orders came quickly. First with the appetizers. The sashimi salad is definitely a must try. Lots of flavor and sashimi pieces. 
- There are certain items that you can only get once, so we got the soft shell crab. The soft shell crab was actually pretty big compared to other AYCEs around the area. Although, in the Sacramento area, there is no limit to soft shell crab. Nonetheless, it was great! 
- The salmon skin roll is always on the top of my list when it comes to getting sushi. More salmon skin than actual pieces of salmon which was good, and not too oily. 
- The dynamite wasn't the best I've had. Inaka tasted a bit better. 
- The nigiri pieces were solid. Hamachi, salmon, sweet shrimp always rank. 
- Out of the special rolls we got, I do regret getting the lava lover roll bc it a too mushy. The salmon lover was a hit. And the surf and turf was alright. Turf tasted like L&L bbq. 
- Hamachi kama tasted like others. No bone. good. 
- Service was quick and friendly. Bathrooms were clean. 
- Best AYCE sushi buffet in the area. The change changer was their desserts! Tempura ice cream FTW. Fried banana! YUM!
First time eating sushi here! 
Delicious plus it was happy hour! Cannot beat that! 
Loved the crunch roll and the black widow. 
I should have ordered some poke and their amazing spicy garlic edamame! But I was too stuffed off the sushi!
The staff is always pleasant and quick! This is our new sushi and poke spot! Num num num
Food was amazing!  Atmosphere was amazing!  Staff was amazing!  Happy hour pricing was amazing!  Thanks so much guys, will be back next week! :-)
A large group of friends went there on Tuesday (1/2 $ off rolls). This place offers a Hawaiian take on Sushi. 
The wait staff seemed to be preoccupied.

The place was not packed but they had a a good amount of people. However, the orders came out slow. One person received their food and 10 minutes later another person received theirs. 

Does the staff not know that we need small dishes for soy sauce? Do they need to be asked to bring some ginger and wasabi? Hello, it is a sushi place and we are all ordering sushi.

So, the sushi was ok. Its not great and not bad.

Because we had a large group, we were charged 18% gratuity. The charge was on the pre-discounted amount plus tax. So, we really paid 29%. This might be the new norm but I think it is wrong.

The service was sub-par at best. It was hard to get the wait persons attention.
I know they have a hard job and I am sure they are nice people.
Don't believe the hype! This place is as average as they come.
We came in with a large group. Service was super crappy & the pregnant girl ( being me ) ordered 4 rolls and never got any of it.
One of my cousins paid $27 all you can eat sushi she only received kapa roll seaweed salad and miso soup . Only thing that was good was the mochi ice cream packaged most likely. I will take my ass back to the bay and get some real sushi
Tried this place for the 1st time today! We ordered 2 rolls a la carte and some plates! The 2 rolls came out very fast and were very good! My dad received his garlic shrimp plate shortly after, he was pretty much done with his plate before my mom and I received our plates (about 20 mins) apparently there was a mix up in our order not a huge deal cause we were still full from the rolls. Our waiter (mack) was kind enough to give us dessert on him for the inconvenience which was really nice of his!  He was a great server all in all and checked up on us very often! If it wasn't for Mack being a great waiter we probably wouldn't have a huge interest in coming back but his friendliness is what will draw us back in! Thanks Mack!!
Their all you can eat sushi is the best.  Great local sushi.  Great service.  Great price!
This place is pretty good, but I have my favorite sushi spot so its always hard to compare. It takes a few visits to a sushi place to know what you will like. But I took advantage of the great check in deal they had, all you can drink sake yummmm
Kinda bummed on this. I have been eating here on the grill side of the restaurant for years (has a sushi side) . My dish of choice was garlic shrimp but for those that have had it in Hawaii where it is prepared out of the shell, they don't do that here. Its in the shell so had to scratch that. Moved to garlic chicken and for years. Spot on. Lately it has been served kinda cold. I'm stumped how chicken that is fried can be cold but yet cooked thoroughly.  I will say I continue to come here and when its on ... Its on and even off its still good. Great people ... Both staff and patrons. Check it out ... Maybe it's just me.
I really wanted to like this. Service was excellent but sushi was mediocre. It was almost gross. Makes me sad!
Jeah
a hole in the wall to be sure but the poke bowl was super delicious! lots of poke for $10. we also had the bento with mochiko (sweet rice flour) battered fried chicken and the ahi, with rice and noodles. the ahi was so-so but the chicken was good. the sweetness was unique but i'd probably try garlic next time. a lot of food for $8 and change. definitely stays on my list to try again.
This place is great!!! Their chilli garlic enamame is delicious!!! Their rolls are fantastic. The Town and country roll is huge!, so be ready to pig out!! First time customer, and can't wait to come back!!
Malasadas are Ono, garlic chicken and mochiko chicken are good! Love the island special roll. Service sucks.
Surprisingly fresh and delicious!  Who knew you could get good, fresh sushi in Henderson?  They have an all-you-can eat selection for only $27.  We left happy, full and content.  Will definitely be going back for more.
customer service - GREAT! HELPFUL! FRIENDLY!
Prices - high (-1 star)
Food - very yummy. Being from San Jose, CA, it's hard to find good poke outside of the islands. Island sushi brought it! Thanks.
Yes, that's my photo on the front page of this restaurant.
Yes, you're welcome for making you hungry.

Now, it's just ok. Quality has shifted to the wayside just a bit, but the volume of sushi you get could make up for it.
Service was great. They always came back to check up on how we were doing and to clear away empty plates. Fish was fresh. We will be back again.
Good Food, ok quality Fish, Atmosphere could use some help and they need to clean the establishment better. There was food and sticky things in the menus the table was not that clean. which I found questionable. The  worse part is that they load their sushi with rice I assume to fill you up because the place is ayce. Clean the place up and cut down on the fillers and I would give it 3  or 4 stars, but for now its 2
If i am in a roll mood, I go to Island Sushi hands down.  This was one of the first sushi places I ever went to and it has spoiled me to any other restaurant.   Island Sushi sets the bar for ayce sushi and each roll is so good.  They also have unique appetizers that are not in any other sushi place.  The customer service is awesome, and the environment is very comfortable.
Il give three star! Definitely coming back here... $21.95 buffet sushi and etc..staff friendly great food...
First time visit, AYCE for two.  Server was very friendly & food was pretty good.  Atmosphere was ok, but not date-worthy (down home, mom and pop vibe).  All around excellent value, with excellent service.  Will be back!
We come here often and really like this place. They make some creative and delicious rolls. We recommend sitting at the bar, the sushi chefs always take great care of us. I like the all you can eat and the combo plates. Make sure to try the mochi for dessert and their selection of Japanese wines.
I order delivery. placed my order a little more than 2 hrs ahead. my order was 35 minutes late, food mas cold. my chicken looked like it was last night left over and it was  put back into the oil to warm it up. on the ordering website it say coke bottle and they brought be a fountain cola. Online when you pay it gives you the option to add a tip this doesn't show on the receipt and then the driver it standing there just looking like really no tip.. Makes me wonder if they even see that money.
I absolutely love Island Sushi for their garlic chicken, fried noodles, spam katsu musubi (it's so.... ono! Katsu breading around the spam!), creme puffs, malasadas, and the list goes on and on and on. I moved away from Hawaii 6 years ago so this is a great place to eat in between my trips back home. 

I would come here more often if I didn't live on the opposite side of town. :) I normally just order to go but I've been here once for AYCE and that was pretty good. They also added the option to order online too! It's great because you can specify whether or not you want mac salad, all rice, etc. Then you can specify the time you want the pick up and you can also pay online. So easy!

All I have to say now is, get over here and try it. Even if you are not from Hawaii, you will love the food! Don't be afraid to try anything and everything! 

Island Sushi - Thank you for always providing great food and excellent customer service!
Went here for lunch....sat at the bar with my husband and ordered sushi for me and Hawaiian breakfast for him.  From a very rude service,  we felt unwelcome and almost as if we were bothering the waitress, to very very chewy seaweed,  (low quality ingredients and supplies) and semi-dirty place. Would not recommend!
Been here several times with family and friends, and generally have a great experience.

I am a sucker for Dragon Rolls, and the ones here certainly deliver.  Their eel is always top-notch.

Their ahi poke is good, and it's nice that it comes with AYCE (one dish).  I'm extremely picky with it comes to poke (my Hawaiian pop makes some that is out of this world), but I would recommend it to others.

What gets me right in my sweet spot is their tempura ice cream.  Oh man, is it delicious.  The batter is just the right amount of sweetness, density and melt-in-your-mouth flavor that can make you want to eat 6 bowls of it.

Service can be hit or miss, sometimes slow and sometimes not.  Food is consistently tasty though, so I'll lean towards a 4/5 on this one.
K, so dis status goin be all da kine cuz apparently das da only way dis place going listen to you.  Da firs time I came hea I was all stoked cuz da peepo on da bento/poke side when sound like me and was brown like me!  Since I when leave da 8o8 I been real homesick.  Brah, I was so happy I when find dis place!  Dey when rep aloha and I couldn't wait for go back.
And deeen I went back.  Except dis time we went da sushi side.  Aye lawd, these chicks lucky my potagee maddah nevah come wit me cuz she woulda had one field day wit da pilau customer service.  We did da all you can eat sushi, but first da wahine when embarrass us, announcing to da whole place dat we when order choke food.  Den da rest of our visit, she when fly da plates at us and  den grab da empty ones off our table without sayin one word!  She nevah ask us if we like order more, she never ask us if we like more watah, nevah ask us if we like napkin, nothin!  She when drop/grab da plates den run away!  Da two wahines workin dat night only when cater to da peepo reppin da 808 shirts or all moked out.  Real unreal, i trip.
As fo da grindz, was okay.  Get fat pieces in da rolls, and da soups is winnahz.  But if you like drink watah, bettah wear your aloha shirt or else nevah mine!


IN OTHER WORDS:  The customer service on the sushi side sucked.  If you want good customer service, you better wear an HI/AlohaArmy or a tribal print shirt.  Where the food lacked in quality, they made up for it in quantity (the rolls are pretty large).  I recommend the the miso and udon, they're pretty good.  Their desserts are cute and tasty, wish I got to try the malasadas!
I love this place the cafe/grill side of the restaurant is awsome Poke is always good and  affordable my family ordered delivery a few times it was not consistent but when they did something wrong we got some good deserts in return :) dining in is also a different experience the servers are very nice and the food is good my husband checked in on Yelp and we got all you can drink sake for $8 overall a nice place have nothing bad to say great experiences :)
For someone that does not like raw fish or anything too authentic like my husband (he's a regular sushi eater!) Island sushi is amazing! My husband can enjoy the "authentic" sushi while I enjoy they're amazing shrimp and garlic chicken! Definitely give them a try even if your not into sushi. They have other amazing things to offer & I love them for that! Oh and they're desserts are so so yummy
I was born and raised in Hawaii and grew up eating poke-EVERYTHING. Then I moved to California and had been living for 4 years with out it. 

Now I'm living in Vegas and stumbled upon island sushi for some sushi, great sushi btw also, BUT then I saw the menu and they had Poke! After 4 years I've been reunited and I must say taste just like home!!!! 

LOVE LOVE LOVE the spicy combo with my brown rice, SO ONO!!! 

Feelin back to my roots!
Stopped in for breakfast today and I had the Hawaiian French Toast. Delicious.  My man had the roast pork mini plate and it was very good as well.  Poke Express opened at 9AM and we finished our meal with some great ahi poke.
HORRIBLE service. Staff not very friendly and do not look happy at all. Do not go right after lunch. Maybe the dinner staff will be better. Great food though.
I was introduce to this place a few weeks ago and I have to say this place is awesome!!
Best place ever for ahi poke and sushi among other things! Like the all you can eat for $25! Garlic chicken and beef teriyaki are the best ever! We take our fam and friends from out of town there always! Definitely give it 2 thumbs up for the food, desserts and definitely the best customer service! One thing I suggest is calling and making reservations cuz they are busy!
I always overdo it at this place and it's worth it every time.  If you love good Hawaii-style sushi and eats, this is the place to go. The specialty rolls are big enough to share, but you won't want to because they are THAT GOOD!!!  Come during happy hour and eat your weight in deliciousness.....
My favorite sushi place! They are so welcoming and delicious! My favorite rolls are the island and the big island! Plus poke express is inside of here! :)
I don't want to be a "sushi snob", buuuut....
This place was definitely subpar compared to some spots I have been. I actually picked this place to have lunch because of the other good Yelp ratings-- I don't see what all the hype is about. Sat at the bar, chef & servers were really nice & helpful, but felt like the rolls were made very sloppy (if that makes sense). Atmosphere is really BLAH. Barely any differences between the rolls. Absolutely nothing special, about the rolls or this place; in general...
Highly recommend the bento boxes! The mochiko chicken is bomb!!! Spicy tuna bowl is delicious too!! And if you are a fan of natto you can get that here too!!!
Had a craving for some serious comfort food after a stressful week at work, which in my case means hawaiian grinds and sushi. Island sushi has amazing choices from both worlds, so I couldn't have been more excited... Except when the website said they DELIVER! What in the world, I don't even have to get off my exhausted okole to get Kalua Pig & Cabbage, Spam Musubi, an Ahi Poke Roll, and some crazy LEGIT Oxtail Soup? 

The heavens opened up on my front door when the delivery driver showed up twenty minutes early from the quoted delivery time with some of the most incredible comfort food I've ever dreamt of eating from my couch. Thumbs (and pinky) way up Island Sushi. Thank you for making my Friday night a relaxing and delicious one.
We always come here every time we go to Vegas and even stop here before leaving Vegas.  Husband and I grew up on Maui and miss eating local Hawaiian food.  We tried their AYCE sushi deal for lunch.  The sushi, poke, Kama, and dessert was ono-licious.  I even took home boxes of malassadas to share with friends.  They just have everything to make an island girl happy...and for just a little while I feel like I'm home in the islands.
Have been to Island so many times. They have wonderful service and the guys at the Bar are really accommodating.   Very Fresh Sushi,  I eat here a lot !
Good Japanese food teisoku box are good combos and if your in the mood for all you can eat sushi this is the place to grind!
Sushi was good and beers are always cold.  Sat at the Sushi bar for a afternoon break from the norm.  The lunch specails are good pricing and the sake made it a perfect.  Tried some new flavored sake which was prety tasty.  Food quality was good, the scene was freindly and staff was more then willing to help out and get refills.  I will be back and will bring some more people with me. will
Really bad service. We ordered about 5 rolls with the AYCE. Waited . Waited. Waited. We ordeder an extra baked roll. We got the baked roll a few minutes later. Our waiter disappeared and never came back.
I asked another me employee what happened. She said we only order one roll. Then we argued with her and finally got out rolls about an hour after we order them. 
The baked roll was rushed and under cooked. We really weren't hungry by the time we got our food. Really bad experience. I will not come back.
I come here for lunch usually..

Roast pork with Gravy
Spicy Tuna Bowl
Salmon Skin Bowl 
Bento Box with Garlic Chicken

...are my go-tos. 

The minus one star is that it usually takes a good 15 minutes for things and there is only one cashier running the spot on its own. Other than that never had a bad experience.
Love the food and the employees. We come in once a month and get to enjoy some great island food and sushi. The prices are awesome and the staff make it a point to get to know you. Our 12 year old actually put island sushi on his Christmas wishlist. LOL we normally come in for lunch or dinner but had the pleasure to grab breakfast to go one day. The breakfast was awesome. worth stopping in and enjoying. Mon-wed is 50% sushi dine in only. I know they have other deals to check out their site.
The best place for hawaiian food in Vegas!! They are always consistent with the flavors! You can also get your poke fix here too!! The roast pork and garlic chicken combo will satisfy your sweet and savory cravings!!
It was our first time here today and we've heard that it's one of the best -- 

service was below average - our server is not friendly at all and is not very attentive. we had AYCE and ordered 6 long rolls and some nigirl.

ordered hot tea and took our server 10 minutes each time she had to refill our tea. she passed back and forth and once checked if we wanted to order more and if there's anything else we wanted.

sushi was room temperature and is not the freshest. 
at almost $30/head for dinner sushi -- we were expecting more both from the service given to us to the quality of food being served.

unfortunately, this will be the first and last visit we'll have at this joint,
My favorite all you can eat sushi joint.  The staff is great and they are family friendly. I love all the spicy rolls.  If I didn't have such an Army to feed (they eat like one too) I'd be here all the time!
Went in for all you can eat sushi. Greeted with a kind smile and sat right away. Out busser was definitely having a bad day. She was short with us, no smile, and Just unhelpful if were had a question.  Our server made up for it completely so that's why We gave the five stars.  he was very busy and still checked on us and gave us great service!  he even gave us a little freebie fresh food and great servers. Nom nom nom
First time visit on May 9th. The place was packed-shouldn't have visited on a Friday night but I was craving some sushi.

SERVICE
We had a server named Marc who was just awesome! He was attentive and after telling him that it was our first time there, he ordered some of the most popular appetizers and rolls for us to try. They were all terrific!

FOOD
While our server was super amazing, kitchen people were super slow. We waited over 30 minutes for our sushi. Yes I understand the place was packed but I've never waited that long at a sushi place. I was surprised to see that for AYCE, you only get 90 minutes limit. LOL are you kidding me. Half the time is spent waiting for food. Anyways, appetizers were good but sushi was ok. Some of my favorites were:

-Poke Roll
-Garlic chicken (must try)
-Salad (pieces of tuna and salmon in it. It was delicious!)
-Joe's special

I felt like some of the sushi weren't that fresh. Having raised in Japan, I've had some good sushi and know what fresh sushi taste like-this wasn't it.

CONCLUSION
Not the best but not the worst either. If you are not willing to wait 30 minutes for some sushi, I suggest Makinos for no wait & fresh sushi!
Went there for out second time. Great service, smiles, and delish sake. We went during happy our and got too much food for two people and dessert.  Only 25$! You'll leave happy and full here!
Best bang for your buck sushi I have found yet in Vegas. Happy hour Monday through Wednesday all day long. Most rolls are around 6 bucks.  We love the crunch roll, the 007 and the rainbow roll.  Friends tell me there poke bowls are super good too!  Sitting area is pretty small so it's frequently a short wait to get in.
Awesome everything.  Best poke outside of Hawaii.  Good portions.  Malasadas are a must-get every time.  Friendly and accommodating staff.  The seating is a bit confusing, but they will help you figure it out.
So it's been over two years since I tried this place the service has gotten better the takeout food has gotten a little better the sushi was still crap!!

The poke was actually edible and it didn't smell like spoiled fish. 

Wish I could give it better stars but the food is still marginal at best.
Great place for all you can eat sushi. The fish is always fresh and yummy, many good selection choices for the value you spend here.
You can order boxed Japanese style with one up to three choices .
Miso soup comes with your meal. 
This is a small place so if they are busy you have to wait. Sometimes you'll get lucky and get to sit up at sushi bar and watch them make your sushi rolls.
It is a place you'll see a lot of local people from hawaii in here as it is so called the 9th Island for a reason. Just keep the conversation going and hear the pigeon come out in most of the people in the Restruant.  Nothing like good food, mokes, hanging out with friends and family.
This is how we normally do it the islands anyways.
Enjoy the great sushi and service....... ALOHA! and Mahalos for letting me share.
I really like this place..they have a great variety here and when it comes to rolls they do a great job here. One thing that stands out here is that the people that serve you here are really nice and they want their customers to try everything.normally when you go to an AYCE place they rush you and after about three orders they tend to forget about you because they don't want you to order anymore..lol I know maybe I'm paranoid or I eat alot of sushi. Oh the tempura ice cream is awesome and the island special roll is great.my wife loves that they have hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail collar) which is bomb too.
Barely an upgrade from store bought sushi, the restaurant seemed dirty in general. I would never go again or recommend
AYCE and other than AYCE food is delicious!!! 

Once you walk into the doors, the right side of the restaurant is for only AYCE and you have to sign in on a sheet on a podium. The left side of the restaurant is the other food than AYCE. The first counter you'll see is the take out counter and where you can order your food. The other counter across the room, is the Poke Express. You'll find all types of Poke, definitely worth it!! 

It does get really busy during lunch time, so if you're desperately hungry, try and avoid coming here during lunch hours on a Sunday.
So disappointing cause the food is pretty decent but the place and service kills it. 

You enter from the Hawaiian place to another doorway to the sushi place. Although they claim to be combined restaurants you are not allowed to eat in either one unless you're ordering from there.. even if there's no more room. We were already seated with water and they told us to get up and move.. And there was no people on that side. We ended up leaving.

The waiters on the sushi side are not nice at all and can't even accommodate you..

On the Hawaiian food side, I always ordering from a particular Asian girl with tats. She just doesn't make you feel welcome and comfortable and it's just seems like you're a hassle when she's taking your order.

Me and my friends pledged never to go there mainly because of the service
Easily one of my top Sushi Restaurants in the Las Vegas/Henderson Area. 

The rolls are exceptional. Remember these Rolls.

Candy Cane, Meat Lovers Roll. Black Widow, Kilauea.

The Meat Lovers Roll is a Carnivores dream made reality. Fish and beef. Beautiful.

This place is literally a one stop for all your Hawaiian Food needs. Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. Its all here, and its all good. I have love for their Fried Rice Omelet. I believe this is an appropriate time to give it honorable mention, as a delicious yet simple breakfast item. Add an extra egg and you have cheap solid nutrition!
Was looking for an AYCE sushi place with a group of friends in the area and found this. Did not disappoint! 
 
At first walking in and you see the counter for all their poke and other hawaiian food, and we were led to go to the sushi area for AYCE. Candy cane roll and Kilauea were the def favorites. A lot of various rolls that are unique to their spot and the service was good and the servers were very nice and attentive to us. We went in the middle of the week so it wasn't crazy busy. Would def go again.
3 star service but I actually like this place! 
I've eaten next door multiple times for the Hawaiian food and came with friends to get poke but never got around trying the AYCE here..

Looks run down and outdated which had me iffy about the place before .. But it was the closes sushi joint from the gym so I gave them a chance.

We ordered..
Puhi Maki Roll (daily special) - spicy soft shell crab, assorted fish on top with garlic ponzu sauce (Very Tasty!)
Salmon Skin Handrolls - crispy salmon skin, just enough sauce and not too much rice wrapped in seaweed (DELICIOUS!)
Raw Crab Poke - fianc got this, looked appetizing and plentiful but I wasn't daring enough to try it..
Eggplant Fries - crispy, sliced, battered eggplant came with Spicy Miso Sauce, which I think didn't really compliment it, but I'm one who doesn't really care for dipping sauces.
Baked Salmon Roll - it was good but nothing special about it, loved that it didn't have so much rice nor cheese on top! 
Tofu Poke - so simple, yet sooo good! Fried tofu in their poke sauce with onions! (SOOO GOOD! Lol)
Malasada Sundae - the malasada (aka Hawaiian donut) tasted like cardboard, was dry and seemed like it's been sitting there for days.. Strawberries were sweet and the vanilla ice cream.. Was just ice cream.. Not a fan.

Sushi chefs were attentive but the waiters/waitresses were not.. Service was slow from the waiters, i.e. took almost an hour to get my eggplant fries.. Bit of a turn off..

Overall satisfied with my meal and will def come back for the salmon skin handroll and tofu poke!
I mostly came here for Poke Express. Poke Express is amazing. But as for Island Sushi and Grill...

It's okay I guess? I got a kalbi and tonkatsu lunch combo, but compared to Island Specialties downtown, there just wasn't very much for the same price.

There's 3 small pieces of kalbi and one medium piece of tonkatsu, plus Mac or tossed salad for $9 something. Overall decent and what I expected, but could have been more.

At least service is friendly and they are fast.

3.5 stars
This was 4th time here and obviously if we come back we like it! But this time... The service was terrible! And everyone knows you go out to eat expecting at least decent service but tonight it was just the opposite. We sat 10 min after we walked in (which is really fast) ordered right away but our rolls took an outrageous amount of time (only 2 rolls) I'm not even going to talk about the waitress and her lack of customer service. I won't include the entire staff in this review the bussers were amazing as always!!! The food was amazing as always, 3 rolls 4 beers and a sake for $50 and the only way they went wrong was the waitress....
Thought they had fresh food. I guess not. Don't ever come here! Got a really bad stomach ache from eating their food
Sat in sushi section , the fish was and various other meats were still fresh and tasted delicious , the sushi maker was very helpful and made great convo , I had the all I can eat , great value bring ur A game to the counter  the more the better , recommend the fried California roll .
This is one of the better AYCE sushi places that we have visited.  Great service, and friendly and helpful sushi chefs.  I tried AYCE once here,but  I feel like I am being gluttonous so I prefer to order by the piece and get sashimi as well.  However my friend gets it all the AYCE every time and loves it. Good service, good food, good ambiance (they play Bob Marley!)
Love going here! They have the best Poke in town. The staff is always so friendly and welcoming regardless if we're ordering for pick up or if we dine in it's always such a great experience. 

We've had their ACYEE for lunch and dinner. Either or their well worth it. There's 3 sides to this place you have Poke Express, Dine in area for Sushi and a fast food type of area. Sometimes it gets packed and you run out of seats but other then that there isn't much to complain about. 

The food comes out in a timely matter, good service, food is great so it gave them 5 stars. Plus they have great Happy Hour offers. It's definitely a place I recommend to try.
I love this place. It is always busy. Sushi is fresh and the rice is just enough. So you can eat more sushi. The desserts are well crafted and tastes good too. It's decor is very simple and functional. I like that it is open late too. My favorites  are uni, Hamachi kama, and amaebi. .
My family and I eat there at least once or twice a month just to get that at home "Hawaii Nei" vibe. This time I was a bit taken back as there was a hearing impaired homeless woman who wrote a note that stated " please help me I'm hungry, all I need is a bit of food, I'm hearing impaired" I instantly got up off of my table and walked the woman to the front of the cashier and asked her to get the woman what ever she wanted to eat on me. The cashier and another woman paused and then called the cops on the woman. They explained that she has been there before asking for food and sometimes money and then the owner came over and stated that she is not welcome in his restaurant. The cashier proceeded to then help the person behind me and disregarded my request to order and pay for this woman's food. I stood there mostly in shock as I was a paying customer who wanted to show this elderly, hearing impaired woman some ALOHA! I will never take my Ohana there ever again. Sadly there are privileged people in this world who no longer know the meaning of human kindness even when there is a plethora of food amongst them. All she wanted was some food. I'm still smh!
I originally visited this L & L almost a year ago, except that my review is listed under their 2595 S Maryland Parkway location instead.  (Unfortunately, Yelp HQ can't move any reviews...so I guess I'll have to write a new one for this location then.)

I really enjoyed my first experience there, loving their pork lau lau and other goodies like their chicken katsu and short ribs.  I even gave them a four stars that first time.  However, things have since changed...

Their regular pork lau lau order came with two scoops of rice, a scoop of mac salad and two pork lau laus for $8.50  There was nothing special about it this time.  It was rather dry and just not enough fatty goodness to make it good.  I actually had leftovers this time, and when it's good stuff...I eat it all!  The mac salad and rice were only okay too. 

The BF ordered the Seafood Combo Plate Lunch ($8.20).  It's not the Seafood Combo on their menu, but the one from the picture on the wall.  It had three pieces of fried shrimp, deep fried mahi mahi, and beef short ribs.  Two scoops of rice and a mac salad come with that combo too.  Nothing special once again.

Counter service was okay.  The girl at the register is obviously bored and it's very routine for her to be working there.

Overall, I was pretty disappointed with my experience at this L & L, especially after really enjoying it the first time.  You probably won't find me back here again any time soon.

(Pics of our lunch are posted in the business profile.)
Oh my L&Ls, where have you been since you left Chambana?  The University of Illinois was the only place east of Vegas to have an L&L location, but it sadly closed within a year.

The next year after it closed, I had my first trip out to Vegas being over 21.  L&L was immediately on the agenda, and it was again just this past week.  The mix BBQ plate is amazing, as is the chicken katsu.  I also love he macaroni salad that comes with every dish.  The SPAM musubi is good if you like SPAM and REALLY love rice (there's a bit much of it).

Sadly, this location is a bit lacking, especially compared to the one that used to be on the university.  No free cilantro soup here, and the entrance to the washroom is outside like at a gas station.  If you live in the area, I'd say take the food to go.  If you're visiting, I'd say at least consider the trip off the strip for some great cheap Hawaiian.
Two words: too salty
This one was always in the Entertainment Book (a discount book with coupons, usually BOGO) but every time we used our coupons here, they didn't like it. Let me explain further. The counter person would greet us with a smile. But as we would pull out the BOGO coupon, the smile immediately turned into a frown, which clearly showed disappointment that we were using a coupon. So, finally after years of unwilling participation, they are no longer in the Entertainment Book. My husband says that we are the single cause for that- ha-ha. We went to the other one on Maryland Parkway also, but they never gave us any problems when we used a coupon. The service is better at that location.  

The food is good. We always get  the chicken katsu and the barbeque chicken (order it skinless) and we split it- that's our thing. The regular pac is pretty big and we always bring home the rest. The macaroni salad is very good. I've had the saimin here too- it's pretty good. All the Hawaiian canned drinks are available. Haupia is not offered at this one. No complaints about the food. This used to be a Taco Bell location- that shows you how long I've been living here. No public bathroom at this location. 

The number of stars I would really like to give is 3.5. The food is pretty good, fast, and pretty cheap. But Miss Personality (counter person) really takes it down a notch. There are specials hand written on a sign posted outside the restaurant. Also, there is a Drive Thru window. The location is pretty convenient to Target, TJ Maxx, Walgreen's, 99 Cents Only, the Flamingo Library, Chevron, and Buffalo Exchange.
On November 10, I had a "LONG" day!

I flew to LA (Los Angeles Airport) and meet with some people for a task development. I was only down there for only 2.5 hours without eating anything. 

Then with the next three days off from my job, I immediately flew to Las Vegas for another assignment..."party"!

After arriving McCarran Airport and becoming dark quickly at 4pm, I drove down Maryland Parkway and saw a huge "Happy Hour Special" banner in front of L &L. on Tropicana Ave. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OJofPDW-G_OPVKz84Fhbxg?select=yoqpk5PpbUZRWrHX5cqf1g

The HH special happens from 4-11pm (closing time). For $4.95, I get the Chicken Katsu meal with two scoops of rice and two scoops of Macaroni Salad. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OJofPDW-G_OPVKz84Fhbxg?select=Ct_IsOfK0QWaDPD1uykBIA  

Drink is not included with the meal. So I chose a can of Hawaiian Sun: Lychee Green Tea for an additional $1.19. 

It has been a while since I've had any Hawaiian meal. The meal was ok..

Credit card is accepted. 

And I know I can get L & L back home. But the price is right, plus I was starving after a long day!
L&L rocks.  I don't care what anyone else says, I love this place!  You get tasty food for good prices in large portions... people who complain about that should go and review a higher-end, more expensive joint.  

My recommendations is that you go with spam musabis, chicken and/or seafood/fish plates and avoid the beef as it can be a bit salty and is styled after but isn't as tasty as my #1 love, Korean BBQ.  

I like that they make your order fresh for you when you order but it's still pretty fast and inexpensive.  I wish they had an L&L where I live now!

See ya there!
GAWDDAYYYUM! The proportions vs. price is EXCELLENTE here, you're going to receive more bang for your buck- one meal here equaled TWO lunches for me. For my first meal I had the CHICKEN KATSU (Breaded chicken with Katsu dipping Sauce and a side of DELICIOUS ASS MACARONI SALAD!  not bad for $7.50 Holy moly, I don't even like macaroni salad but my fellow yelpers said I would most definitely enjoy it- and I did :D GREAT CALL. Sadly it's a small serving but next time I'll just ask for TWO scoops. The meal itself was very good but Ive had better Katsu sauce. I was able to try the BBQ Chicken as well and was very pleased as well.
I don't know what it was but I had a mediocre experience at this particular L&L.  

I have been to L&L many times, across the valley and I was introduced to it when I first visited Cali.  I kid you not, I have had the most fulfilling expericneces eating at L&L but alas I can't say that about the experience I had here.  

The funny thing is, I can't put my finger on it, I have tried to do it in my mind but I have failed multiple times.  I just know that I left there feeling empty, not literally because as everyone knows they give you a lot of food, but figuratively.  I had the Mix Plate which is a staple for most Hawaiian food establishments but for some reason or another it tasted like it had no soul.  Believe me when I say I am bumming myself out writing this review right now, I almost want to change the 3 star rating to 2 stars but I do have to remember that I did leave full but something was missing.  

I may have to try again, I just can't quit you.
I love hawaiian food. This place is fantastic (especially the spam musubi, and their macaroni salad)  

The service is very nice too.  I love comin to this place.
Back home in Hawaii, we loved this place, ate there often.  Since moving to Vegas, we were excited to see they were here, but the only location was Henderson, that was on the other side of town for us.  Now they have them everywhere.

The food is pretty close the flavors from back home, but they don't have the entire menu.  I was a beef stew mix with chicken katsu, but I have learned to love the chicken katsu curry instead.  

Now they have a low carb option, so we can now get our LL BBQ craving satisfied and stick with our low carb lifestyle. (they have mini version if the regular plate is too much).
We stopped by here for a quick lunch. The place was kid friendly and had high chairs. The menu was pretty standard with the rest of the L & L Hawaiian BBQ restaurants. 

The service was great and they even brought our food to our table. We are used to just waiting to pick up the food at the counter.

We tried the mixed plate with BBQ short ribs, chicken, and pork. It was very tasty.
I was disappointed.

Right off the bat... they didn't have a restroom.  My 4-year old was doing the potty dance and they couldn't help me.  We had to walk across the parking lot to Albertson's (which is why I don't think this is a good location for kids...even if it's also next to a Toys R Us haha).

Second, and probably most important, our food was bland.  We ordered a saimin, a lau lau/ short rib combo and the super low carb plate.  

Saimin was alright, but my daughter didn't get to enjoy it while it was warm due to her mid-meal trek to the restroom.  

My lau lau (oven cooked meat and greens wrapped in a banana leaf packet) was super bland and mostly green.   There was literally one 1inchx1inch cube of beef.  When I used to make this at home (or eat it at a luau in Hawaii) it would be packed with beef, pork and fish... at least one chunk of each. Not here. Not this L&L.  My short rib was ok; a little greasy, but that is to be expected, but also very bland... like they kind of just dipped it in sauce after cooking instead of marinating the meat for any period of time.

The whole bland thing killed the super low carb plate.  It was loaded ... eggs, bbq chicken, bbq beef, shortribs, no rice... Not a bad deal, I guess, for $12. But, again, the meat, the chicken, everything tasted like it was missing something....

I'll stick to Ohana on Durango... or even Aloha Kitchen on Decatur for my plate lunch fix.
My first reaction to this place was that it had a bad smell, like a teenagers room with used clothes and dishes all over the floor. My friend wanted to use the restroom and asked if there was one. The guy mumbled something that we couldnt understand and pointed to the back of the building. My friend went outside to check but found out there was no bathroom to be found.

My friend and I stopped here for lunch. He ordered a regular chicken katsu plate and I ordered a regular lau lau kalua combo plate. It was awful! The katsu was very dry like they fried it too long. The lau lau combo was dry as well. I usually enjoy eating the fatty pieces along with the moist pork and fish cubes like they usually serve it in Hawaii. But not here! Every piece of pork was dry. There was probably just a small piece of fat, and no fish at all. The kalua and cabbage was gross. No taste. It was also dry like the other dishes. They served it with mac salad, which was okay, and a container of what I think was shoyu, but it didn't taste anything like Aloha shoyu or even kikkoman. Not sure.

Overall, we walked out with partly filled sore stomachs. I would not recommend this place for Hawaiian food. Instead, look for Island Style on Sahara! 100x better food and even better service!
SERVICE:
Alright... this woman looks like she hates life... I know she's in the hot heat of Las Vegas but OMG... please smile. I have no idea what I may had done to you to make you look and act depressed. She answered in one word sentences. She didn't even ask what I wanted. She just looked at me and nodded. I asked where the bathroom was and she pointed outside. haha... it was actually quite comical. 

FOOD:
Standard.
I got the Seafood combo - shrimp, scallops, and pork and mac salad. OMG the mac salad is so good but SO bad for you. BUT SO GOOD.
The food was HUGE. I couldn't finish it... and it was $13 - so not bad at all

AMBIANCE:
Standard seating. Clean.

BATHROOM:
OUTSIDE! Wow... it's hot out there and the bathroom was hot too. Ugh.

OVERALL: 
Eh... I'd pick up food and go next time.
The food at this place is good but OMG the service is straight up rude. 
 My girlfriend and I used to eat here a lot but tonight when we went in she asked politely if she could get a side of cabbage and the guy at the counter gave her a very rude NO. I'm really patient b/c I've been a front desk person at a hotel for a long time but the guy was just straight up rude. As soon as he got done ringing up our order he sat down and started playing on his cell phone. I went up to ask for some napkins and he acted like it was such a hassle for me to take him away from his phone. At the end of our meal I went up to get a bag and he was again on his cell phone and he wouldn't even look up at me for a minute so I could ask for a bag. He didn't have a name tag on but he was a skinny little asian guy who apparently has no people skills. The name on our order ticket said Jing so I believe that's his name. It's no wonder that the tip jar was almost devoid of any money. That guy should be a cook and not working the register. This place has good food but the counter person IS RUDE!!!!!!!
On walkabout on the outskirts of Vegas, southeast of the Strip, I saw this small fast-food stop standing alone in the far corner of a mall parking lot, next to a car wash.  Hawaiian?  Barbeque?  Yes and yes.
Inside was reasonably clean and well ordered for a small grease joint, and I looked up and down the menu for something that would allow me to explore without getting too much of any one thing... and I settled on the Seafood Platter with Chicken Katsu.  After all, for $12, how big could it be?

Oh... my... word.  When it came out I thought they had the wrong table... it was a rectangular styrofoam takeout container, same as you typically get Chinese food combination plates in, but it was STUFFED to the brim with food.  And they didn't just pack it with rice, either... it was a generous serving of katsu, shrimp, and mahi mahi each, all in a big glistening pile over a scoop of rice and some shredded cabbage (to help move the grease along, I guess.)
And the container was so full that they put the sides (some kind of Hawaiian macaroni salad) actually on the side in another container.  Plus two tubs of katsu sauce.

I managed to finish it all, including the super-rich macaroni salad (which I probably should have skipped, my dietician now advises me), and stagger out of there in an ambulatory food coma.

If you fiend for a pile of deep-fry Aloha style, get here.  Do they do Loco Moco?  Of course.  Got a good, healthy heart, no history of heart disease, and exercise regularly?  Come on down and change your oil, this place is awesome. Mahalo!
From the outside, this seems like a semi-decent "restaurant". I came in here today for two reasons: 1, the L&L by my job (aka, the one on Maryland and Sahara aka, my favorite place in the whole entire world) was PACKED to the point where the line reached my parked car and 2, because I trusted it would taste the same. Boy was I wrong! 
   To start off on a bad foot, I walked into the restaurant and was greeted by this putrid smell of what I could only describe as resembling "Mothballs"? I, stupidly, decided to place an order anyways and was surprised to learn that my usual BBQ Chicken Bowl was one penny more than at my  usual location, but at this point, I was hungry and didn't even care. 
   After I sat there and pondered about my many life goals, achievements and the proverbial "one that got away" for the next 5 minutes, my bowl was finally ready.
   I looked up and was mildly pleased to find that the Chicken Bowl at this location was about 30% larger than the Sahara location's... but that mild pleasure was soon to meet its demise for it did not know the disaster that was about to ensue.
   I opened my bowl and was almost knocked out by the warm mothball smell that wafted my way... I wanted to vomit at that exact moment... but again, my extreme hunger forced me to press onward! 
   Alas! I came across my usual favorite part of the meal: the Chicken. 
   Words cannot describe the injustice that was performed upon this chicken... The Skin; left on only to have been scorched in the cooking process... The BBQ Sauce; almost nonexistent. And finally, the smell- I can't stress how much this all smelled of mothballs. 
   As I sadly tossed the whole thing in the trash, I wondered if I should even make a fuss, "$5.40 for THAT? I'm going to ask for a refund", I thought. But I digress, no fuss was made. I walked out of the restaurant with a broken heart in my chest and a Yelp review already drafted in my head.
HORRIBLE SERVICE & SICKENING FOOD 
If you are visiting or live in Las Vegas I Ryan C Hernandez would never recommend this place it is the WORSE place ever...
L&L - Hawaiian Fastfood chain restaurant - average check ~$11. Food is average, service is average. Doing a review about this is like doing a review about McDonald lol. 3/5 stars, my fav place to eat once in a while.
I had the mix plate, and my wife had the Teryaki Bowl. Food was good, and so was the service, given it is basically a fast food restaurant. Biggest complaint/frustration was that there did not seem to be much difference between the ribs and beef. For that matter, even the chicken did not taste much different.

Got plenty of food for the price, and given how close we live to this location, we will likely go back. I'm not sure what exactly I was expecting, but food seemed to lack a taste that would make it standout from going to say a Japanese fast food restaurant.

Will likely try some of the other Hawaiian places near us though before returning to L&L.
I guess the tiki gods smiled down upon this out of the way Hawaiian restaurant, because I was sure pleasantly surprised.  They offer chicken and pork dishes that are quite good for a chain restaraunt in a mini-mall.  I doubt this is the 'real deal' when it comes to ethnic Hawaiian fare, but still I found it to be a good value and yummy food.
Chicken teriyaki mini meal was just what I needed. It was reasonably priced and reasonably tasty. We stopped here because we were shopping in the same complex. It was clean and pleasant inside and the staff was friendly.
Its affordable and good. The bbq chicken burger and short ribs and chicken were good. The chicken was tender and had good flavor. The mural on the wall was nice to look at and good location.
Food here is excellent! I've only had their chicken, steak and short ribs, but they were all excellent. The short ribs are tender and so flavorful you don't even need to add the side teriyaki sauce, but you just have to because it's some of the best sauce I've had! Combo plates are served with a side of white rice and macaroni salad. Salad is just okay, but both sides go excellent with the meat. The lady at the register always greets me with a friendly smile, but she's never really been the friendliest when taking my order. With food so good, I don't even care. I've kept coming back!
Had the kalua pig n cabbage. Not like home but it was close and tasted pretty good. I will definitely be coming back again.
Went here for lunch and enjoyed myself plenty.  Had the spicy terriyaki with some siracha (on the side) and it was dynomite!  Would recommend to a friend.
I'll give this place a solid 3 stars for the first visit, good enough to earn repeat business.  

Apparently a CA chain, Ono serves up a variety of "Hawaiian" menu items featuring various grilled meats with assorted sauces, generally complimented with rice.  Prices range $5-8 for entrees.

I had a "mini meal" which was plenty of food for me and a reasonable deal for the quantity of food.  My Yellow Curried chicken was tasty and piping hot.  The sauce had a mild spiciness.  The chicken came with some veggies which were fresh and tender-sweet potato or yam? and cabbage.  I would have liked more rice and less meat.   There was also a small scoop of Macaroni salad which was not bad but very bland-the Macaroni Salad equivalent of Wonder Bread.
The last time we were in Hawaii, my husband somehow gained 10lbs in like 7 days.  I blame macaroni salad and rice drenched in teriyaki sauce.  We are now working to gain 40lbs apiece in 30 days by eating at Ono.  

The food is pretty good but the portions are ENORMOUS.  If you took the container home and put it on a scale, it would probably weigh 3-5lbs.  This is a great place to go if you haven't eaten in 2 days and want your stomach to swell up like a bowling ball.
Ill probably come back and try it again. I had the lunch plate of Katsu Chicken with the pineapple sauce. After I added more rice and a ton of Tapatio sauce it was delicious. 

It was about $7.50 and the lady on the phone said "Aloha!" which just made me laugh. Come on, we're in the middle of the desert!

Try this place out!
Good cheap and filling for under $8.  

Order #1 and you won't regret it.  Makes for a great lunch or dinner, cooked fresh and efficiently fast.
Hmmmm...I started out reading other reviews of this place and I'm thinking that maybe a 2nd visit is in order.  Our experience was definitely not like others.

We stopped by here for lunch.  $5 lunch special includes your entree, 2 scoops of rice, veggies and a small drink.  We both got the BBQ chicken ... the boneless chicken portion was small, the rice was good and  the veggies consisted of cabbage (and that's it!).

We were greeted by a woman on the phone who hung up only long enough to take our order and then returned to the phone.  Since we were the only ones in the place (at 12pm!!), I wondered if her conversation was meant to be entertainment?

Considering this place is next door to several other really good restaurants, I can't help but wonder why anyone would choose this particular establishment instead of one of the others?

Ample free parking, cause it's a shopping center.  Would we return? I don't know.  Would I recommend?  I just don't know.

If we decide to give this place a second chance, I'll update my review.
Damn good food and they give you a lot for the money.  They offer coupons buy one get one free .  ROCK ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(just read the other reviews AFTER I wrote mine...I guess different strokes for different folks) 
There was one of these right down the street from my old job, then they just weren't' there anymore. That was a sad day. They used to have a daily special of an order of fried shrimp for $4...and you got SOOOOOO many. 
The places with awesome values always go out of business... 
Anyway, the two times I've been to this location I'm reviewing has left me missing the other one. Something isn't quite the same. 
I've order the Chicken Curry Katsu both times, which is my favorite from Ono's. They serve the curry on the side, which most people would probably appreciate and prefer...but I liked how the curry would smother the chicken on the ride back to the job and make it all happy. But I must say, the taste hasn't changed. Its still an awesome dish - curry gravy with potatoes and carrots over these perfectly seasoned and fried chicken strips...with rice and a subtle-tasting macaroni salad. Somehow, when you 'accidentally' get some of the macaroni salad mixed into the rest of the stuff, it makes it all better??? (why the question marks? that wasn't even a question. this guy's weird) 

Even though that's all I ever get, the rest of their menu looks sooo good. I mean the pictures OF the other stuff on their menu looks sooo good. There's pictures of all kinds of pork choppy type things stacked on other pork choppy type things sitting next to mahi-mahi, grilled and fried shrimp, my chicken katsu, and other deliciously photographed things. I can testify that the pork choppy things are incredibly tasty. They are where the 'Hawaiian BBQ' comes from in Ono's name. Oh and the chicken, too...which I've never had because I'm afraid of exactly what others here have complained about - undercooked rubberiness. But back to the 'ribs', the sauce is one of the best sauces I've ever had on any meat. Its sweet, light, and makes you want to eat the bones. 
They also have Hawaiian beverages. I can't remember the name of the one I get, but it tastes like pear juice only a million times better. 

Overall, the value here is acceptable. My katsu will sometimes not be finished in one sitting, and its only like $7-8 or something...which I have come to accept as well, acceptable. I had to stop being a cheap-butt when I moved out here. 

I do miss the daily specials that the other location had. The shrimp are now $5 by themselves and you get like 6, as opposed to like 26 for less money. Oh well. 

The service is good here. I was asked about my holiday shopping on my last visit, and I appreciated the small talk. Wait times are ok...a bit long if you're in a hurry. The inside of this location is really nice, with a lounge area, plenty of seating, and a nice view of people going in and out of the Harkins next door. 

The food, service, and value here are on point, and I cannot think of any reason not to give this place 4 stars. And if they start offering specials again, then they'll get another star.
I love Ono's for Hawaiian food. Their food is great. I like eating there.
Generally, I do not write reviews after visiting a place one time, but this placed forced an exception.  My wife and I were heading to a movie at the Harkins theatre next door and wanted a bite to eat before the flick started - so we popped into one of the nearest restaurants Ono Hawaiian BBQ (we talked about Rubio's but decided to try something new).  Believe me when I tell you it is not very often that I can not eat the food I have in front of me at dinner time - but this was one of those times (more on that below).

The service at this place was not particularly helpful, but we finally were able to place our order after their employee got off the phone.  Several items were out on their menu and two other items had black magic marker on their sign indicating they were permanently out (I understand changing menus, but this did not look particularly professional).

Once we ordered, we choose to sit at one of their high top tables or at least tried to.  The first one we sat at was dirty so we moved to the second one but then realized that was dirty too (this is in a restaurant with only one table occupied  - should not have have been too busy to keep the place clean.  Ditto for the third and fourth high top we tried.  So we moved to some round tables on the other side of the restaurant - two of the three were dirty there too and the third was in direct sunshine (can't blame the restaurant for the sun).  We did finally find a table with no crumbs, sauce smears or food left on it and sat down.  As we were eating one of the employees came out and cleaned one table, got a phone call and never came out for any of the others.

I ordered the seafood noodle soup and my wife ordered some spare ribs.  The seafood was not fresh, smelled unpleasant and two of the shrimp in it had not be deveined (not appetizing and I was unable to eat given the smell and the appearance).  The same was true of my wife's food - it smelled bad, tasted bad and did not look good.  We would have talked to the manager but at this point no one was around (they were all in the back in the kitchen) and it was not clear any of the people there were management level anyway.  As I said above, it is pretty rare that I can not even choke down a meal - but we tossed it in the garbage and left (ended up having a bag of popcorn at the movies for dinner).

Just because I am on a roll I will also mention that their shaved ice counter was not open - no big deal but it would have been nice if they had not left brooms and mops as well as boxes sitting out in their restaurant.

All -in-all, bad food, inattentive service, unpleasant smells and a dirty unprofessional looking restaurant combined for a wasted $18 of food.  Perhaps we just hit a really bad night for the restaurant, but I know I will not be back. 
I
I recently visited the store on Germann and Gilbert and want to express how unsatisfied I was with the food and customer service.

Thomas the manager was working the front counter and has the personality of a piece of bread.  He barely spoke.  We walked in today at 4:00pm to no one in the restaurant.

We ordered loco moco - egg hard, with extra gravy, chicken katsu, lemon pepper chicken and spam masubi.  Our order took over 20 mins to receive and a mother and child that came in 10 mins after us received their food before us.

After we ordered, we went to get our drinks, we noticed a spider on the railing.  Something I was willing to overlook until I noticed it jumped!  Quite unnerving to say the least, I let Thomas know about the spider, he looked at it and walked away.  5 mins later, we noticed it was getting closer to us, so my mother got a paper towel and killed it. 

After we received our food, I noticed my loco moco patty was burnt (I have pics), we didn't receive a lemon with our lemon pepper chicken (which we always have in the past), the katsu sauce was like water (absolutely no starch...again I have pics) and no access to the forks or chopsticks.  After standing at the counter for 5 mins, I told Thomas that I needed lemon, extra gravy and a fork.  I watched Thomas walk over to the lemon container next to the tea machine to see if there were any lemons - he walked to the back and with his bare hands - lemons cut - put lemon in the lemon container.  He gave me the extra gravy and told me there was lemon in the lemon container.  

I witnessed 3 people tell Thomas the Katsu sauce was thin like water and each one was ignored.  My son ate his chicken katsu with teriyaki sauce - not exactly what he wanted.

My mother had to go up to the counter again to ask for the extra fork.  

There wasn't an explanation or an apology for the poor service and crappy food.  To be honest, Thomas didn't look like he cared if he was there or not.  The store wasn't busy by any means except for the lady that had a phone order that she called in 15 mins before she arrived and had to wait an extra 15 mins and leave w/o katsu sauce because Thomas was too lazy to get some more.

It doesn't make sense to replace the katsu sauce AFTER the customers left, which is what he did as we were leaving.

I frequented this establishment quite often on the weekends but never during the weekdays and will definitely think twice before I go there again - EVER.

Also - I was informed Stanley (the person above Thomas) would be out of town for the next 2 weeks for a conference - so I couldn't get in contact with him.  The number I was given to lodge a complaint: 480-274-2540 a number that doesn't have a recording to whom I was calling.  

Overall - I have gone to Ono's for the past 7 years - when there was only one location in Scottsdale and am very disappointed to see how far Ono's has dropped as far as quality and customer service.  

( I have pics and video on my mobile that was played for others to see the quality of the food and conditions of this restaurant...there is absolutely no exaggeration in this review.)

SAVE YOUR MONEY - GO TO ANY OTHER RESTAURANT IN THIS PLAZA BESIDE ONO!
It took me more than 20 minutes to get my single to-go order at this location. On a thursday night when there was hardly anyone there this was ridiculous. The food was OK, I've had better Hawaiian BBQ in the valley for less money. At almost ten dollars for the whole meal, it was not worth the money. Fortunately they do have a smaller, less expensive portion that would fill most people up for lunch.
This was awful.  And now that we have been to Hawaii, it is even worse.  I have only been to Ono once before, many years ago in Scottsdale and don't remember it being this bad.  The service was horrible, the smell was foul, the food was gross.  Overall bad experience.
I hate to say that I frequent this place but I guess I kinda do...at least once or twice a month. I like the food, the Katsu is yummy when it's not basically all fat (which it is more often then not) but i like to get the BBQ chicken meal with the delish macaroni salad most of the time. Service can be slow. If you are walking in plan to wait 20 mins on most days. They will surprise you sometimes and have it out early. Here is a tip: order ahead! 
As far as customer service...ehh. The employees are just..well...there. I've never had one be overly nice to me by any means. I have been in there and the cashier be down right rude but I don't go there for the friendliness, I go back for a yummy escape to the islands ;)
This place is horrible. Chicken was rubber and rice was cold. The restaurant itself was dirty as well.
Got off to a late start for diner so we went somewhere we could get stuff quick.  As we drove through the parking lot we saw this place.  They had banner that said 50% off with the purchase of a large drink.

For what it's worth 50% off should have been a clue...also for what it's worth I do know better but occasionally I do like to do something stupid.

Anyhow, I ordered the chicken katsu.  Rice was good...but rice isn't that hard to do if you have a decent rice cooker.  Mac salad was actually pretty good (a weird Hawaiian thing which after years of living in Hawaii I still don't fully get).  Now for the chicken.  On the one hand it wasn't bad.  On the other hand, it seemed to be more breading than chicken and in some places it had chicken fat (yuck).

At 50% off it was ok, but I'm real sure I wouldn't pay full price.

Two and a half stars wasn't a choice, but I might go with that.
Washed my own table. All were dirty.  Food not that bad.
I agree with the reviews that indicate that the service here is not great.  It took probably 30 mins for me to get my food, and there were a large number of dirty tables around the place.  This was late on a Sunday afternoon, there were probably two or three other tables occupied when I arrived.  All that said, I liked the food.  The rice and macaroni salad were both very good.  The meats, while nothing special, were not bad and I liked their sauces.  I would not hesitate to stop by again.
Bad...just really bad!

Was excited to see something different other then "burgers and fries". I thought, "Oooh, Hawaiian food, great! Something different!" I was so wrong. First off the place was filthy and I had to wipe down my own table. Staff was rude and obviously hated their jobs. And the worst part ever and why I will not be going back, they do not properly clean the shrimp. That to me is unforgivable. I couldn't even eat the rest of my dish once I saw that. If they don't clean the shrimp and devein it properly, what else do they not clean?!! Never ever again!
NOTE: [Every time you read the word "Groupon", you have to take a shot.]

I've been here several times, but haven't felt the need to write a review until tonight's experience.  Let me preface, that most everyone's dinner was 4 to 5 star.  Everyone raved about the panko fried fish.  The food was exceptional, except for the fried shrimp, which was overcooked.

Let take this step by step.  First, when my wife called, the woman who answered the phone was very rushed, and hung up on my wife as soon as she completed her order, but before she could ask a few questions.  OK, they're probably pretty busy, but they should know that they're going to turn off customers with poor service.

I rolled up with a $20 Groupon in hand, and the woman working the counter (who presumably was the same woman answering the phone) let me know, in no uncertain terms, that the Groupon deal was costing her money (now I'll assume that she is the owner).

She complained that patrons would tell her that the menu prices are too expensive, but that once the company offers a Groupon deal, the same people show up with a Groupon, and they usually have a line out the door.  Then she mentioned that the economy must be pretty bad for so many people to get in on the Groupon, and asked me where I acquired my Groupon deal.  I replied, "The internet".

Trying to make her feel a tad better about this losing proposition, I reminded her that the benefit of the Groupon was to bring in new clientele.  She said that the deal does bring in a lot of business, but that she lost money on all that business

I replied that the payoff would be return-business, and she said something to the effect of, "Yeah, most Groupon people don't come back.  What about you?  Am I going to get your return business?"

My plea to the proprietors of this location would be:
1. Don't complain to the customer about the promotional deal they show up with.  If you must complain, then complain to the people at corporate who entered into the Groupon deal.  NEVER complain to the customer.
2. Don't be rude to your customer.  I know if may be hard to hold your tongue, and you're probably really busy, and you're a little overwhelmed at the prospect of not getting compensated for your hard work, but you can pretty much ensure a customer wont return if you're rude to them.

I think this location serves great food, they just need to get their customer service in order.  I want to see this business thrive, because I like their product.  C'mon guys, don't ruin it with poor, preventable choices.
I went there for lunch with a coworker today. I would give the food 4 stars, but the service brought it down to 3. The cashier taking the orders looked like we were bothering her by being there. I handed over my debit card, she ran it through, and the receipt printed. What struck me as odd is that she took an imprint of my card. I questioned her and she informed me "Corporate is making us do this. There's been a lot of fraud." Personally, I would rather not have my card number printed on a piece of paper and changing who knows how many hands. That's just me. If I go back, I'll pay with cash.

I had the BBQ chicken and shrimp combo plate. The food is good and I like their selection of sauces (teriyaki, katsu, soy, tartar, mustard, and sriracha) to kick up the flavor.
I was really excited to try this place out, but after my recent visit I wasn't a huge fan of the food. It was greasy and not very appetizing. Probably wont be back based on that experience.
May 2013

Cashier was friendly. 

Prices were spot on!

Food was a little on the oily side. :(
We ordered bulkogi beef well done.
Food we received was still too pink. We send it back to be cook to our liking and as how we ordered it. We did not have any issue with the food being sent back. The cashier followed up after.

Wait if or our food was a bit long ... 25 mins. We get that it's being cooked to order so we did not mind waiting.

Will return again.
Let me start by saying that i love Hawaiian plate lunch but this was the worst service I have ever had. 35 minutes for fast food is not acceptable. Also they were out of sauce. Never again!!!
This place was disappointing. Ordered the shrimp and it was so overcooked that I could barely bite into it without cracking my teeth! It was all batter and tasted horrible. Also ordered the combo plate with chicken and ribs...also wasn't good. Overcooked meat-almost burned.  I usually love Ono Hawaiin BBQ but definitely wont be back to this location.
I have been to this place recently. I was highly disappointed. The food took 30 minutes to get. When we finally got our food it was cold. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone in the Chandler area.
We got to the movie theater 40 minutes early thinking we would get a quick bite to eat. We ended up getting into the theater 5 minutes after it started and getting the worse seats because if the wait time (there was maybe 7 people in the whole place btw).
When I'm home late from work, you can bet my husband got Ono's. So it's my life saver. My kids absolutely love it. They always have some great deal like buy one get one free. They love the Katsu chicken or the Korean BBQ short ribs. It's so cheap and pretty healthy for you. I don't know why anyone would pay same price for mcdonalds.
Good food and always large portions, enough to take some home as leftovers unless you're gluttonous like me :). For meals that fall in to the $5-10 range, it's a very decent deal. I have been to this place more than 3 dozen times and can say that the food has been relatively consistent and is usually good to very good.I believe there has been only one occasion in which the food was bland and not cooked well. 

Having said that, and as many other reviewers have stated, expect to wait for your meal a while, even when you walk in and there are only a few people ahead of you. 90% of the time I go there, it takes anywhere from 10-25 minutes to get my meal. One of the last visits I made to Ono Hawaiian BBQ, I waited over 30 minutes for my meal. There was a couple, one guy and another couple with 2 small kids ahead of me. I don't pretend to know why it usually takes so long, but do not consider this restaurant to be a "fast food joint" with respect to how quickly the food comes out.

Perhaps calling ahead would be wise if you can't stand the wait, but in my opinion, the food is pretty darn good and worth waiting for
I love this place so much to food is amazing and there are always large quantities of food. It sometimes takes awhile for the food but it is still worth it
I don't know what happened to this place. Service has become excruciatingly slow. Stopped in yesterday at 5:30 and didn't get our food until 6:05. The food is good but don't see going back here due to the lackluster service.
Everything that we've ordered has always been good here. We especially love the Kalbi short ribs here. The macaroni salad that comes on the side with most of the meals is really good here too. Average price is about $10/person.
Nothing special. Your average fast food joint with a slight island flair - rice, pineapple, etc I had Pineapple BBQ Chicken and it was alright, but there was not a drop of BBQ or any other kind of sauce on the plate. Kind of strange. 

Anyhow, its nothing special if you ask me. But if you passing by and hungry its worth pulling over.

"Its alright"

Eugene
Clean, fun menu authentic menu and plenty of choices.  The first thing I noticed when walking in was how modern, open and clean the restaurant is.  The menu is easy to read and includes some pictures as well.  The restaurant uses the basic "plate meal" concept often found in Hawaii which simply means you have your entree plus two sides.  This is not traditional American BBQ so don't walk in with this expectation.  The menu, like Hawaii, is a fusion of several Asian cuisines as well as unique Hawaiian items like their Spam appetizer with rice and seaweed.  I also recommend the "seaweed salad" for something different.  It's very refreshing and delicious.  I've had a couple of meals there and also enjoyed the crisp fried mahi mahi and BBQ chicken.  The prices are reasonable but slightly higher than your average fast food joint with good reason in my opinion.  Try it for yourself.
All pau now. Out of business. The food was pretty good, but it was nice to have a place so close to work.
A place that specializes in Musubi?!  Wow!  A handful of my guy friends mentioned such an idea to me, and imagine their disappointment when I told them someone else beat them to the punch!

We see this place all the time as we dine next door at Swish.  We decided to grab an order to go to see what the fuss was all about.

Taking advantage of their $8.08 special, it included a spam musubi, mac salad, two choices of entree and rice.  From the pics, it looks like we got the Krispy Chicken Krunch (chicken rolled in a seasoned battered, fried and topped with a special glazed sauce) and the Samoan Sami (seasoned corned beef and spinach, baked in coconut milk).  We weren't exactly sure how the order was going to come out, and hoped that it would be easy to eat later on.  

When the order arrived to go, it was quite a few boxes and we realized this would not make it into the theater as we had hoped.  Bringing it home, some of the Samoan Sami had already come out of the box and was making a mess in the plastic bag.  The presentation of the food was alright.  I guess when you finally assemble it altogether, it looks a lot more appetizing.

When it came down to it, it was more of a bento box dinner with Hawaiian influences.  I guess we were confused with it being a musubi place and thought the chicken and beef would be incorporated into a musubi of some kind.

The spam musubi did taste good, and the Samoan Sami had a nice taste to it too. The chicken wasn't crunchy by the time we got home, so it was okay.

Overall, we just had different expectations from we actually got.

(Pics posted!)
Came here based on the other reviews from Yelp, but guess what?  It's closed.  Out of business.  Shut its doors.  Stupid recession.  No federal bailout money for small-time Musubi restaurants.
This new Hawaiian place is a couple of doors down from Eba Cafe. I wish it were any where near as good. Unfortunately it is the worst Hawaiian food I have had in the valley (which includes Aloha Kitchen, L&L, Ono, and even Rumbi). 

We had the Katsu and BBQ Chicken lunch plates. The Katsu was good white meat chicken and not greasy. Too bad it had zero flavor. The Katsu sauce was like no other I have ever had- cloyingly sweet, instead of zesty and savory like I am used to. The BBQ chicken was well cooked and had flavor, but it was overwhelmingly ginger (not my favorite). The white rice was almost a little greasy, as if it had been buttered with a flavorless butter. The macaroni salad was almost as big of an abomination as the free salad we got. The salad was free because it was nearly dead (literally there were pieces of rotting lettuce in my bowl) and the macaroni salad was a bit too al dente and tasted as if it were dressed with just mayo. Yuck. 

Synopsis? Stay away.
Eba Cafe and WikiWiki sitting in a tree...K I S S I N G.
First comes grilled pork
Next comes boba with a boba straw....

And they lived happily ever after?
Here's hoping, because Eba has the best boba in all of Phoenix!
And, let's face it, boba cures all. Try the Taro. It's amazing.
Rather uninteresting.
Ate at WikiWiki for the first time today. I had high hopes for the food here as the guys at work seem to like it. 

I ordered the #8, which is the BBQ chicken and crispy shrimp. I don't mind that it was dark meat as I think that it usually has better flavor. It was cooked well as was the shrimp. My issue was lack of flavor. If it weren't for the sauces, it would have been almost tasteless. Just not interesting. The shrimp were good, though small.  An even greater issue were the sides. The macaroni salad was bland and flavorless. The white rice seemed like an afterthought.  I ate the chicken and shrimp threw the rest away.
It's unfortunate that this place wasn't as good as I had hoped it would be because I would've liked to continue supporting it (seeing as how there are not many hawaiian restaurants around the tempe area).  I ordered the chicken teriyaki meal, and my friend got the Hawaiian chicken meal.  The rice is fine, and the macaroni salad is actually quite good.  The main part of the meal, though, was kind of...fatty?  I dunno.  The flavor was actually ok, but there was something about the chicken that was NOT ok.   The chicken was definitely not as lean as the chicken I'm used to eating at other restaurants, but maybe that's how chicken is prepared in Hawaii.   

That aside, it took quite a while to get our food.  The place kind of looked like the next step up from a fast-food joint, so we expected our food to come out a little faster than it did.  Granted, there was only one woman working the entire place when we went, but still...where were the other workers?  I also think the food was just a tad overpriced.  For the quality, it could afford to have been a dollar cheaper, I think.

I didn't try the boba tea, which the restaurant appeared to be emphasizing with its gigantic signs, so maybe I need to go back and try the tea.  There was a group of people who came just to get the boba tea, so perhaps WikiWiki is not the place to go for food, but it IS the place to go for boba tea (and, i would argue, decent macaroni salad).
Fans of the dramatic misfortunate adventures of RyanC read on...

WikiWiki, whose name creates instant old school rap flashbacks*, catered the recent Tiki Party PBR Concert featuring Fishbone and other cool local acts.
The grilled meat smelled good (although when does grilled meat not) so I stepped up to their little table setup and surveyed a grill full of what looked like flattened chicken thighs and their menu sign which offered a limited selection from their regular menu: 

$5 Chicken 
$7 Beef Short Ribs
or $7 Meat Combo

-all with white rice and macaroni salad.

I ordered the combo.  A few moments later I opened up the styrofoam clamshell the Young Male (YM) staffer handed me.  I'd gotten all rice,and there were in fact two small icecream scooper mounds of glutenous grain, but slapped on top of it was one small piece of chicken, perhaps one very small or half a large deboned thigh, and one small strip of short rib, which had less meat than a steroid-addict musclebound lunkhead's got in his roomy banana hammock.

I extended my hand holding the food back towards him and said "that's all I get?"
Making no gesture towards grabbing the tray at all, he replies matter-of-factly, "that 's how much you get."
After spending a few moments politely describing the larger portions I've seen everyone else sporting and asking for either more food or a discount, YM refuses.
Another patron has arrived and is loose on PBR, so is standing way too close for my personal space comfort, but this means he's heard me and YM talking.  Let's call him Drunken Dirtbag (DDB).  Now, DDB is amused by all of this, but he's also hungry, so he asks YM to rustle him up a Chicken Plate with Mac and rice.  YM doesn't even hesitate, but instantly offers DDB my plate of food, saying "You want to buy this? He doesn't want it anymore so you can just pay him"
I've been holding this food in my personal possession for over 5 minutes now, and although i never spit on it or anything, YM doesn't know that!  Is this even something allowed by health laws?
DDB chuckles heartily but declines, saying he just wants the $5 chicken plate.  "Me too....now", I contribute.
I explain to YM that I will just have to alleviate my feelings of being ripped off by causing him to lose some significant business.  I won't lie or make anything up, I'll just show anyone who steps up to order exactly how much food they can expect for their money, and then they can decide if it's worth it, instead of having to be surprised and disappointed like me.
YM: "Go ahead."    
Game on, this should be fun.  `,8^ )

Actually, it wasn't even working out that well, since more than half of those I showed still wanted to order, but I did get some sympathizers who joined my protest.

My friends were also supportive, letting me be, and checking back in on me after several minutes.  I was getting a little tired of holding onto my principals by this point, when OF, sorry that's the Older Female staffer from WikiWiki, came over with 7 single$ fanned out like a hand of cards, excitedly letting me know, "Okay, here.  You can go now.  Seven dollars. Here."  This was not her coming rushing in to save the situation, no, no.  This was a good 15 minutes after my initial order now.  This was her resigning herself to the fact that I wasn't going to go away, and the night was still young.

I smiled at her, turned around and set my tray on the table, giving YM a snarkily satisfied smirk, and went back to the festivities, proud and bully-ish feeling at the same time.

As far as the restaurant istelf, well, it is run by these grumpy stubborn, non-customer-service oriented folks, apparently so I'm never setting foot in the place, nor ever eating their overpriced, underwhelming food ever again.


*yes, my friend Eric and I really did break dance to that song in 5th and 6th grade.
Jam on it...Jam on it...Jam, Ja-J-J-J-J-Jam on it!
I like WikiWiki. yes I agree the selection isnt that huge but hey its a lunch stop. The chicken was white meat and very sumptuous. This is not some trash you wood get at MacDonald's. The rice and salad are a great compliment.  Say what you want this place is def A-OK.
****THIS IS WHERE EBA CAFE RESIDES NOW**********

That is the only reason to come here!

BOBA TEA (esp TARO) is still here waiting for you to gulp it on down!

The actual restaurant is....well...um....

EBA IS HERE!
a few years ago, a couple hawaiian friends of mine introduced me to the glory known as a boxed lunch. this would be some meat on some steamed cabbage, two scoops of rice and a scoop of macaroni salad. i have since eaten at probably all of the local hawaiian joints, even ones that are now closed. i always get the chicken katsu + terriyaki/bbq combo plates.

this place gets a big "meh." my major complaint is that they totally skimp you on the rice. c'mon, that has to be the cheapest ingredient a restaurant can buy! they only give you one solitary scoop and you totally run out before you finish all the meat. although since their mac salad is not very good, i order a  extra scoop of rice instead of the mac (plus, the scoops are tiny little scoops too)

the katsu is good, although the sauce is . . . actually, the sauce used to be all funky and sweet, but today it seemed a bit better.

the bbq chicken is a bit fatty but not too greasy. the teri sauce is kinda weird.

also, the cabbage is not even steamed, so its not very good to even eat a few bites of (im not a cabbage fan, but sometimes a bite or two goes with some katsu nicely)

cant comment on the boba tea, since tea is my mortal enemy of beverages . . . but if i did drink tea, i would drink boba tea!
Having spent a good chunk of my life in Maui and Oahu, I know a thing or two about Hawaiian food and this is not it.  This place is an epic failure, a chemical warfare assault on your taste buds.  I've never had Hawaiian food taste like this or taste this bad in my life.  It was like the owner went to a Hawaiian restaurant once and then said, "You know what, I could make this," and then set out to make everything from their Alzheimer riddled memory banks.
Typical "plate lunch" style foods should have a main dish, served with "two scoop rice 1 scoop mac salad" and this fit that requirement, but execution was terrible at best.  I tried the bbq ribs, which should have been moist, sweet and savory and were instead oily and bland, served with rice, which was Sahara dry and should have been a bit sticky, and the mac salad, which should have been creamy and slightly sweet and was instead inedible.  My partner had similar issues with their over fried Mahi Mahi plate and the strange and random array of sauces that accompanied her dish.
I'm not sure anyone could convince me to try this place again as I can't imagine wanting to subject myself to this monstrosity.
Love this place!
2.5 stars

Where can I find good Hawaiian bbq in the Tempe area?  Anyone?  I looked up this place a few weeks back and trekked across town to try it... the end result was, it was ok.  After a entree, musabi and drink, the price was too high for what this is.  And other than the macaroni salad (which I loved) the food was average.  If it was average and cheap, I'd come back.  Or if it was pricey and delish, I'd come back.  As it is now though... I probably wouldn't make the drive again unless I absolutely cannot find any other place to get spam musabis. lol

Prolly won't see ya there.
I've always came here for their boba milk teas and Italian sodas and they are super yum. I was pretty much a regular about 2 summers ago until I read how many calories 1 milk tea had.
I was drinking them with my meals and twice a day, wondering why I went up almost 2 pant sizes lol.

But if you don't really care about all that then definitely go here for your bubble teas n so on. 
My favorites are the avocado flavor and chocolate. 

The lil Asian lady that works there is always so nice but really quiet.

As far as food goes, I've never tried anything but the spam musubi and chicken katsu..
I mean the food quality seems home-made,I like that...it's not amazing but it's  not too bad.


One thing i cannot stand is how muggy it always feel inside, especially in the summer. ick!

 
I have been coming here for 2 years now so they must be doing something right.
This place is okay, nothing majorly special, but better than Paradise Hawaiian near ASU campus.  If you are in Tempe, this may be the closest decent Hawaiian food place that I am aware of, but if you are up for a ten minute drive, go to Ono Hawaiian BBQ on Thomas.

The Kastu here was decent, but left me wanting my old favorite Ma'i Island (RIP).
Read Tempe R's review. I felt I created an alter ego like Roger the Alien from Ameican Dad because he literally had the exact same experience as I did. Plus he said he's gone there twice without explanation so maybe we are in fact the same person that keeps changing personas. 

Today it was 109 degrees and while I was waiting for my food...I did so outside because it was actually cooler than this muggy mess. How in the hell can they not have air conditioning...in Phoenix, AZ...in the summer? The food is tough to grade because usually I rate it on a scale of good to bad. Since the food had literally no taste, I have trouble attaching a grade to it. The sauces were the only thing I could taste, but they had a hint of bathtub water which didn't really surprise me at all. 

Forunately for me I know the food was at least cooked fresh because I was the only one in their for the 30 minutes that my meal was being prepared. I am an aspiring restaurant owner so the sliver lining to this cloud is that one day, maybe I can be a little less terrible at operating a food joint than this place. I almost recommend that everyone try this place, if not for any other reason but the fact that you'll enjoy everything you ever eat again just a little bit more.
My four stars are in light of the fact that it's a fast Hawaiian BBQ place.  Hawaiian BBQ is not a gourmet delight. It should be decent, yes.  This place did decent went I went in the other day, so they get four stars.  I appreciate the affordability, timeliness, quality of the meat preparation, and flavor. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the ambiance is lacking (and it's a bit warm inside) and they used canned pineapple instead of fresh. However, what I did have was tasty (pineapple chicken lunch plate), and it was handled with efficient and polite service.  

Other reviews docking this place with low stars isn't fair when you consider it's a fast Hawaiian style restaurant. It just isn't something that should be rated the same as your favorite special occasion spot.
Maybe two and a half stars... maybe. The food is just nothing spectacular, the restaurant looks kind of thrown together and in the summer it's hot inside. WikiWiki is so close to my house that I really want to love it, but the passion isn't there, things seem rushed. I'll keep coming here occasionally because it's so close and my only Hawaiian food fix, but I really hope it gets better.
Came in here for lunch one day. It was one of those fast-food Hawaiian BB!Q place. The menu also have wide selection of Boba drinks. 
I think I order the barbeque pork plate, which was not bad. The portion is reasonable for the price. The macaroni were kind of bland though.
I've never been to a place so dang bland! I actually went to this place on a whim before I had read any of the Yelp reviews and was surprised that my experience was pretty much like others had noted. When I walked in during prime Lunch Rush hours my sister and I were the only patrons. The cashier/cook was very nice but the food was pathetic. I had the Hawaiian BBQ Chicken lunch plate with Macaroni Salad and rice and literally everything had NO taste. I tried some of their special sauce on the side and good thing I put it on the side because it was nothing more than some watery soy sauce concoction. Sorry WikiWiki, I so badly wanted to like you but I just cannot waste my money like that.
Great tasting Loco Moco!  Very authentic and I left very full/satisfied for only $7.  Can't beat it...
I would say this is the best Hawaiian joint I've experienced so far in AZ. The prices are reasonable and the owners/employees are amazingly nice. Of course get the short ribs, chicken katsu and macaroni or the seafood if thats what you're feeling (it's all good). They are way better than the Hawaiian spot right next to A-Mountain when it comes to food quality, price and service so make the drive if you are in debate. A great selection of drinks too.
The blandest worst tasting food ever. I wish i had more teriyaki sauce to cover the blandness of the food. Has no taste.
YAHOOO!!!! 

Trying to voice my excitement over finding a boba place around university drive. I tried EVERYWHERE and there's no boba place EXCEPT this one! YAY! Score! After one hour attempt to find my craving finally I got it. The service was EXCELLENT! The owner was very friendly, she really making sure I got what I want. Great boba, great service and great chicken teriyaki with macaroni salad. YUM! I will definitely cruising down to this place again to get my Red Bean BOBA.
Wow, I just found Suzie! I had been craving good boba tea for years, and somehow got disconnected with Suzie when she closed E!Ba Cafe by ASU.  Just realized that this is her new place, and it only took me six years.  

She makes the best boba teas, definitely worth the visit!  I'm having a Thai Tea with boba, and I am in heaven.
Skip it.... No taste and pretty bland. Don't skip, unless your a starving college student on a budget. They do give generous portions
It's rare I give anything one star as I tend to be very forgiving.  And I like food.  And I really like island food and boba.  And I gave this place about 12 chances.  But...

The food is always semi-bland and the boba drinks are a complete bust every time.  Sometimes you get a cup half full with ice and the other half something resembling syrup.  Other times the consistency seems ok but there is no flavor whatsoever.  And the boba is crunchy in the middle half the time - I wonder if that's what happens to really old boba...  Anyways, go to a real boba place and avoid this one.
Its almost a crime to call this Hawiian food...the mac salad had zero flavor, the bbq chicken was marginal at best and the pineapple chicken sauce was gross. the only reason they get 1 star is because the white rice was good and sticky. very unsatisfying
I ate there last month. They do not serve your drink prior to the meal (in a can) even if you ask. Worst part was the food. The guy scrapped the flat grill clean from the previous two orders into my plate with the meat. NASTY. The place is a dump atmosphere wise as well. I have never written a negative review. WOW!  Great concept....get your act together guys. :-(
This place is closed. Sign says coming soon Detroit Coney Grill
We're headed to the Moonlight Concert Series and need something quick to take with us.  Maui Rose Hawaiian BBQ offered a surprisingly good selection for us to choose from.

The Big F chose the #42 Combo Special, regular size for $9.50.  It came with Kalbi beef short ribs, Chicken Katsu Cutlet, and four pieces of a crunch roll.  (Their Crunch Roll had shrimp tempura, cucumber and avocado on the inside, and tempura flakes on the outside.)  Steamed rice, miso soup, mac salad, and a side salad also were packed along with our order.

I decided to try their Pokky Tuna for $7.95.  It was a decent size order and arrived on a bed of salad greens.

We were both surprised with the amount of food that the Combo included.  The Big F enjoyed his meal for the most part, minus the mac salad.  He thought there was too much mayo and a hint of dishwasher soap-taste in it.  He did enjoy the kalbi beef and chicken katsu though.

My poki salad was pretty tasty with chunks of tuna and avocado.  I enjoyed the Big F's kalbi too.  I do agree that the mac salad was a bit too runny for most tastes.

Overall, Maui Rose was a decent choice for grabbing food on the run for events at the Clark County Amphitheatre.  They also offer the "Maui Special Noodle" that looks like chop chae and "Our Famous Kimchi."  A little bit of Hawaiian, Korean, and Japanese here.

3.5 stars
Maui Rose Hawaiian BBQ is the perfect place to grab a quick bite to eat without the frills.

Head up to the counter to give your order and take a seat.  Your meal should be arriving soon.

#42 Combo Special "Kalbi, Chicken Katsu Cutlet, Crunch Roll, Crispy" (Reg $9.50)  The Kalbi is pretty tasty, as I recall before too.  I remember The Husband not really liking the mac salad before, but this time he ate all of it.  

#22 Vegetable Tempura, 10 pieces "served with steamed rice & soup" ($6.50,)  Pretty decent size meal for the price you're paying.

Everything on the menu is under ten dollars, and that includes the bento boxes and combination meals. What a great deal! 

Service is efficient, and the people at the counter are nice.  It's an easy place to go, satisfies the food cravings, and doesn't break the bank.

3.5 stars
Right across from the Palace Station this place has quite an extensive menu!!!

To start I'm Not  a big fan of the Hawaiian's idea of BBQ-since it's mostly a bunch of chicken dishes with teriyaki sauce on them--nothing smoked,rubbed,charbroiled,grilled or put on a flame of any kind-how that's BBQ I have no idea but whatever.

I decided to try the BENTO Special with a variety of BBQ Beef,fried shrimp,california rolls and of course rice,soup and salad. $9. Not bad but defintely NOT BBQ. Thing  I hate about asain cuisine-NO real desserts and the minute you leave you're hungry again. WTF!!
Damn I have been eating alot of Hawaiian food since coming to Vegas. 

This is my top pick for Hawaiian BBQ in the Sahara area. Everything I have tried so far has been good here. 

The combo a lot of food and cheap. Co-workers told me about this and it is awesome . 

This is the place of perference for Island style food around the area.

The place is kinda small with limited seating but who cares if the food is good.
This is a very small restaurant (about six tables tops) behind McDonald's in a strip mall on the corner of Sahara and Rancho. Bento style combination lunch & dinner but there are specialties like maui noodles (vermicelli). I usually get the teriyaki chicken or the teriyaki salmon- comes with miso soup, a scoop of rice, salad, a couple pieces tempura, and a potsticker. Most dishes under $10.00 per person. It's pretty good for a hole in the wall with a huge menu and is in a convenient location. The food is prepared quickly. We haven't had anything bad here. Rarely busy whenever we go, but I think it holds up because there is a pretty loyal following. The canned Hawaiian drinks like Pass-O-Guava, available. My only complaint: Closed on sundays. We found that out the hard way- and we really wanted a bento special too. PS.) I went to the other location but just thought that it was ok. Yup, this one's better- guess this is why it's the last one standing.
Eh, for one Hawaiian BBQ place owned by Chinese people (that are obviously not from Hawaii) this place is not too bad!

I've visited this establishment a few times but I used to go to the one on Charleston.  That one closed down a while back.  The latest incarnation is on Sahara right behind McDonald's (some friendly competition).  Maui Rose serves your standard fast food Hawaii regional fare, similar in menus you find in L&L and Aloha Kitchen.  The menu consists of favorites like chicken katsu, teriyaki chicken, kalbi short ribs, bbq pork, and teriyaki salmon.  They also have some Japanese fare like gyoza, udon, sushi, and tempura on their menu. 

I myself like Maui Rose much better than any L&L here in Las Vegas.  The menu is larger and much more varied so you get lots of choices.  One of my favorites is the Combo Special with kalbi short ribs, chicken katsu, and California Crunch Roll ($9.50).  Each combo comes with rice, mixed green salad w/house dressing, macaroni salad, and miso soup.  Pretty good amount of food for your money's worth!  Another one of the menu items I like is the Udon Combo, mine is the shrimp tempura udon with 4 pcs. vegetable tempura ($8.50).  Add a side order of their home made kim chee ($1.00) into your udon, so spicy yummy!  Great on a cold winter day.  

Now the food here isn't life changing or mind numbing, but for decent quality fast food it hits the spot.  Sometimes I just don't feel like a burger or sandwich for lunch, I want calrose rice!  This place serves that niche just nicely.  Last time I was there they were running a special on spam musubi, 99 cents each!  I bought two to share, but ended up sharing none.  Their musubi is very good!  Must be the teriyaki glaze on the spam.  

Their most popular time is lunch, and they do mostly takeout.  There is a LITTLE place in the restaurant for patrons wanting to eat in but be warned, there's not much room!  Like maybe 5-6 tables at the most.  They also do catering for parties!

Come here for a quick and tasty meal that won't set you back too much.  Just don't come here for the ambiance!
The quality of the food has gone down, a ways. Went there one weekend and got the same thing- a combo, but it wasn't as good, in terms of taste and freshness- what a pity- how disappointing. There were a few other people around including a metro cop. One guy ordered a teriyaki bowl to go- maybe I'll try that next time, if we ever go again. Not too sure that we will.
Good place to grab a quick cheap lunch. Their udon noodle soup tasted of MSG and the tempura coating on the shrimp was disintegrated by the broth, but otherwise everything I've had from here has been yummy. I used to order take out from here all the time when I worked at another location a little further down the strip, and they were always fast and the food hot. My boyfriend and I really liked the lobster roll. I also like their mango and avocado salad- I had it with the chicken and didn't feel like it added enough to be worth the addition. The combination of mango and avocado is delicious enough in and of itself- especially with the fresh, sweet mango used here! I'll be back to try their bento special, musubi and probably the gyoza combo. It's a nice, quick option in the area for something hot and fresh that's not casino-priced. 

The dining area is indeed pretty small, but was big enough to fit a large family, myself and the delivery driver, so it's not too bad. It's not really meant to be a hang out spot, but for a yummy, expedient bite it works great!
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. Yesterday I returned for my 3rd visit. The food is amazing! The quantity is fantastic! Prices are cheap! When I go, I order the Chicken Katsu and a side order of Vegetable Egg Roles. This totals about $12.00. The Chicken Katsu comes with rice, macaroni salad, miso soup and salad (which is to die for!). 

They offer your typical restaurant drinks: Coke, etc. along with Hawaiian Sun drinks. BIG plus!
A friend who thought he knew "hawaiian style" food raved about this place so off we went. 

Service is okay and the space is a bit cramped.  Sushi was mediocre and plate lunch portions were small.  

There are many other places to go in town.
If you're ever in the area, you'll notice the typical casino food choices, fast food joints and somewhat a lack of local hole in the walls. Maui Rose is at a great location because it adds to the food diversity and is a nice change to those other food options within a 3 block radius. 

Maui Rose offers the typical Hawaiian dishes, sushi and udon soups. Quality of everything isn't anything worth raving about but the prices and the portions are and prices are. They offer reasonable prices for good quantities of food. You would probably be satisfied with their selection and if you have a case of the Hawaiian munchies and you're within the area, then Maui Rose is a great place to satisfy your cravings. 

The place is pretty dinky and during a lunch hour rush, you might feel a bit claustrophobic. However, you shouldn't feel too uncomfortable waiting for your food in a somewhat confined space as the wait will go by quickly. 

I'd say 3.5 stars for Maui Rose. I'd be a fan if this place wasn't far from where I live and in terms of flavor, I've had better elsewhere.
Really not impressed, but the food was hot when they delivered.  If you want delivery you must order a minimum $26 and fee for delivery is $5.99, one of the most expensive I have seen yet.  
The food I suppose was okay.  To be honest I have had so much better, but we didn't try any of the sushi rolls, so perhaps we were just ordering the wrong things off the menu.  The meats BBQ chicken and beef had good flavor, but to us were overly salty.  I thought the noodles were very bland...we actually threw the whole container away.  The soup was okay, if you like that sort of thing.  
I personally won't be eating here again, but I have had much worse.  It just wasn't what we were hoping for and for the price of delivery, we could honestly find better places to order from.
The place is pretty small and cramped so we ordered to go. I ordered kalua pork and was quite impressed. It has just the right amount of salt and smokeyness and is just cooked right. My boyfriend ordered the chicken katsu. You could tell just by looking it was over done and it was, it was hard and chewy. The katsu sauce didn't really taste like katsu sauce to me, I can't even remember the details of the flavor I just remember it wasn't right. But the chicken katsu was just too bland to not put the sauce on. Also came with rice, soup, and mac salad. I would probably come back but not order chicken katsu.
Good quality of meats and service
Call them a head and order for pick up
They do deliver too
Sounds pretty nice :)
They have the BEST chicken katsu! 
 It takes a lot to impress me when it comes to katsu and they passed. I tried one of the combo meals. It has (2) BBQ chicken on a stick, (4) Crispy crab Sushi roll, (6) Chicken katsu cutlets, (2) scoops of rice, and (1) scoop macaroni salad. It was amazing. Not to mention it comes with there amazing miso soup and salad with great dressing. Check it out!
LOVE THIS PLACE!! :)  Food is delicious and affordable!  There's a wide range of variety on menu and I believe most items are below $10! This is a casual/fast food restaurant...I guess its mainly for take-out/delivery! The restaurant itself is pretty small... There's like 6-7 tables total. I had a salad with strawberry guava juice today. CHICKEN MANGO AVOCADO SALAD WITH CHICKEN IS MY FAV!!! The order comes with salad and miso soup. I love the salad dressing and the chicken tastes like teriyaki/BBQ. It adds protein to the salad and the mango is so sweet =) Orders are ready in like 5 min and the cashier is very friendly. He interacts with customers and he always makes my order without mistakes! I have had kalbee/chicken katsu/unagi don/rainbow rolls here. They are all very delicious. I work on the Strip and I usually place my order when I leave work. I will pick up my food on my way home. Portions are large and I usually have leftover for lunch! 

Not a fancy stylish place to eat and traffic on Sahara is sometimes irritating! However, the food is what matters and for the price you paid, can't beat!!
My fiance suggested this place after seeing it a few weeks earlier. We wanted something that tasted home cooked and wasnt too heavy. This was our first surprise. It was just what we wanted and the price was reasonable too! I had the BBQ chicken and short ribs with rice, some macaroni salad, soup and a house salad. It all was tasty, fresh, and filling. We ate around 4pm and I didnt eat again until the next day. Definitely try this place especially if you like japanese/hawiian/korean food all rolled into one. I will definitely be coming back for more. The space is small and we sat at a corner table and felt a little cramped but the service was friendly and fast and the food was fresh. I did think the macaroni salad was a little bland but with a sprinkle of a little salt and pepper it was ok. The chicken was alittle salty but I mixed it with the rice and cabbage and it was really good. Definite try.
Its cheap Hawaiin food, for what it is, its pretty good, so 3 stars.  Its simple, no frills food, and a ton of bang for your buck, so if you are looking to unbutton your pants and wreck a toilet on the cheap, this is the place for you.
I have been coming to Maui Rose for a while now.  I went alone once while on my lunch break at work.  It was some time before I went back.  I over ate and lost interest for a spell.  I ordered a chicken stick and katsu plate.  It came with a side salad, macaroni salad, rice, crunch roll, and miso soup.  I over ate big time.  All of this food could have easily been split into two meals.  At under $10 for this, not bad.  A ton of delicious food for the price.  Fast forward a year or so and I was back.  This time I brough company.  I picked up lunch for the office.  We are all hooked now.  I learned from my first experience to limit what I order.  I am surviving the gastric bomb much better these days.  I get smaller combos for $7.50 that still come with a ton of food.  It is one heck of a value.  And their side salad is amazing.  I don't know what is in the dressing but it is out of this world.  My only real complaint about Maui Rose is the miso soup.  It does not seem fresh.  More like instant soup mix poured into a big pot of hot water.  I can look past that though.

If you are looking for quality Hawaiian food in the North Strip region, check it out.  Let it be known though, the restaurant is very tiny inside.  There is limited seating and almost no place to stand in line to order or wait for your food.  In my office we usually have it delivered or we phone ahead and pick up to avoid the over crowding.
Why doesn't any Hawaiian places serve White meat chicken? After eliminating all the chicken dishes (i think Katsu might be white, but too risky and deep fried) found myself left trying the special Hawaiian glass noodles with veggies and a side of very good sticky rice for a buck. They were good, but the only flavor came from putting soy sauce on them. Still, the veggies (mushrooms, peppers and cabbage) were very fresh and the noodles were a novelty (at least for me). For $6, the styrofoam container was full and so this was a good lunch value.
Let me tell you its a hit and miss sometimes the food is good other times its too salty, there mac salad was good but the chicken katsu seemed so thin and the kabi ribs were more bone then meat wasnt very satisfied.
Great Hawaiian food. On the more expensive side, but dang good.
PLEASANTLY SURPRISED!

Stopped here randomly on the way out of Vegas. My phone died and I needed a restaurant with an outlet to charge it! I'd thought I'd give it a try.
I'm so glad I stopped here!
I paid around $8 for enough food for two whole meals! I ordered a chicken tariyaki plate, and it came with rice, a salad, and soup... not to mention a crapload of chicken!!! 
Everything was DELICIOUS! The food came 5 mins after the order was put in, AND they bring it to your table! The host was very nice and polite. 
The place itself if very small, but definitely worth visiting!
went there on friday morning
 woah this place is packed all thr time
 it took awhile to get my food but who cares
 if food is good and yes well def worth waiting
 best chciken teriyaki ever and for 7dollars i got 
 salad soup n mac.almost  big enough for 2  .
 oh ya forgot rto mention their dressing is the best
SCRUMPTOUS! I eat here several times per month since it is close to work. I like the #43, it is A LOT of food for about 10 bucks. The service is wonderful and they are extremely respectful from the moment you walk in the door to the time you leave. I also like the AV/MANGO salad w/ chicken on top. YUM!
Spicy pork served with miso soup and salad I order the same thing every time I come here. Great service & quiet spot. Menu has a vast selection to different dishes and sushi. Great hole in the wall spot......
We pick up and have food delivered to work all the time. Their food is amazing! We are never disappointed! The price is right and their service is friendly and fast. You can't beat the BBQ Chicken Special and the Bento Boxes. Lots of good quality food at a great price. Their rolls are excellent too! You don't expect this kind of food from such a small place but they do it and they do it very well.
I lived on Maui for awhile and haven't found very many places as good as the Hawaiian plates there. This is the one of them! Even the mayonaise in the macaroni salad reminded me of Maui. It's very small and only 6 tables but carryout is also an option. We ate there and got a seat no problem but after we sat down it started filling up (11:45am/Saturday).  The menu is posted on the wall. Lots of options. 

PROS: Kalua Pork: came on a bed of shredded cabbage with two scoops of rice and one scoop macaroni salad (just like home). $8.50

Kalbi rib/Chicken Teriyaki combo: Kalbi ribs seasoned and grilled (a little rubbery but good) and cut up chicken with teriyaki sauce, rice and macaroni salad. $9.50

Meals came with salad (great dressing) and miso soup. 

While eating I felt like I was back on Maui.

CONS: Not very many tables.
Great little hole in the wall that I would never have noticed if it wasn't for Yelp. Food was excellent and cheap. All the guys that work there were extremely kind, as well.

I was craving Hawaiian food, but I ended up ordering the Bulgogi because I can never pass that up when it is on a menu. They had an amazing selection of combos and traditional Hawaiian plates for under $10. They also had a great selection of sushi rolls for cheaper than you will find at any other restaurant. 

I would definitely come back here again to explore the menu more.
Had the Korean short ribs. They were so good. I have eaten here 2 times and have not been disappointed. The price is right for the amount of food that they give you. If you're looking for a good hole in the wall Hawaiian place this is it. Maui Rose will not disappoint!
Small Hawaiian restaurant tucked away in a shopping center across from Palace Station. When I say small, it really is small! They have about 4 small tables in the restaurant, so this is a good place to get take out. The food is on par with other Hawaiian places I've been to in town and they even serve sushi. You can get bento boxes that come with sushi, rice, salad and meats. You can also order rice bowls and entrees just like most other Hawaiian places and pricing is also similar as well. Although I've only been here once, I would come back and would recommend checking it out if you're in the area.
Definitely gonna eat here whenever im in the area!

As long as these guys have been here im surprised there are only 31 reviews for this place. Hopefully another positive review will get these guys some more attention. They are kind of tucked away behind McDonalds next to David's Bridal in nice sized plaza.

As you walk in you will notice the place is bit small. What you will also notice is the giant menu that is on the wall complete with pictures and all items are individually numbered. So ordering is very simple. The only hard part is deciding what to get because you have a lot of choices.

The times that I have been here I have ordered the Chicken and Beef Combo which comes with Miso Soup, Tempura, Salad, and California Rolls. Other times I have ordered nothing but appetizers like their Spicy Tuna Roll and Soft Shell Crab. 

From this point I am firmly convinced that it doesn't matter what you order here. My assumption is that it will be awesome! Heck my wife was curious about their Udon and tried it. She loved it! 

Prices are very good for the amount of portions you get. Usually, me and my wife share a combo meal and add a side of something. That fills us up guaranteed!

Service  is awesome! It is run by nice family and every time we come here, they are very friendly!

So, if you are thinking of going to the buffet at Palace Station or McDonalds, make your way here instead. Your stomach will truly thank you later!
This is my favorite fast sushi place, they have very good sushi even though variety is limited its a very good place to catch some sushi for lunch or hawaain BBQ.  I visit Maui at least once a week
Love maui rose!!! Great food for less price. Combination of Hawaiian&Korean&Japanese!!
Awesome place!! Recommend to try this place!!
I do not know the name of the plate, one number 42 combo is big enough for two people. Also, I tried teriyaki chicken bowl, it was one of the best i evr had.
Good food,great price.....the only problem is communication as they barely speak any english so the orders get messed up a lot, the employees are very nice but the owner is a very angry man.
GREAT FOOD!! Huge portions and reasonably priced. It's a small hole in the wall but that's how you know it's good. Friendly staff. I suggest trying the avocado mango salad with chicken & Maui rose chicken is awesome!
We had the spam musubi, Kahlua pork, and a combination box. All were delicious.
Went here for lunch yesterday. I had the small combo with chicken katsu and short ribs. For $7.03 including tax I can't complain. I would note that I think that the ribs could have been meatier but was glad that the combo came with miso soup which I didn't realize. Also, came with a small scoop of rice, macaroni salad and two pieces of a california roll. Flavor was good and from the employees and patrons it seemed authentic. 

They had a unagi and avacado bowl I would go back and try. However, as Hawaiian food goes I have had better - although this isn't a bad choice if you are in the area and craving some cheap Hawaiian food.
The Chicken Mango Avocado salad is amazing; the dressing is what makes the salad, the fresh mango and avocado is a nice twist to the salad.
Food is good. Store front is not cute. Needs a little love. Parking sucks. This is one of those lots where its best to park further away and walk to the restaurant. Most people who eat here order take out, so I guess the dingy decor and uninviting store front don't matter. Would I eat there again?Maybe....
Family owned, Hawaiian/Japanese. Great and prompt service every time. Food always taste fresh and is reasonably priced. Everything is good-great, though I'm not as into most sushi in LV so I'm probably biased in that regard. Love this place!!!
Great food and great service. Employees always happy to serve and help. Best Hawaiian BBQ in town. Don't let the location fool you.
For tourists like myself, this place was a godsend!! I had not eaten a real meal(instead consuming fast food, chips, and alcohol) in three days and my first bite of the BBQ beef combination was amazing! I really liked the macaroni salad and the dressing for the salad. Definitely better than all the fast food around and way cheaper( and tastier) than anything on the strip
Great prices and great food! Its a quick stop wether you are picking up a to go order or dinning in.  I always get the chicken gyoza bowl or #42 but next time I think I'll get chicken sticks. My roommate and I go here all the time and the only disappointment is that they are not open 24/7.
Very good, decent portions, and definitely affordable!!!  Everything we had was good.  BBQ Chx, short ribs, dragon roll, salad, miso, rice, and macaroni salad.
Wow I was very impressed the service was on point the food was tasty and the price was right!  I could tell fresh meat and veggies were used which makes a world of difference.  Like I said previously the price was right  can't wait to enjoy this restaurant again.
Love this place!! I always get the #42 which is a kalbi and chicken katsu combo! It comes with rice, mac salad, 4 pieces of sushi (Cali crunchy roll), miso soup and a salad (that comes with their AMAZING house made dressing SO GOOD) Place is super tiny so if your planning on eating there you will probably not have anywhere to sit its best to call ahead of time and pick up like I always do :)
Best Kahlua Pork I've ever had! Came on some cabbagey kind of yummy stuff with some pickled other vegetables and some white rice. I almost downgraded it to 3 stars because the traditional Hawaiian macaroni salad grossed me out. But then again, I'm not a fan of traditional Hawaiian macaroni salad, so maybe it's just me. 

I ordered a side of kimchi that tasted homemade and was the perfect mix of what you love in kimchi.

I'm looking forward to trying more things at Hawaiian BBQ.

p.s. they are currently giving out free soft drinks. No clue how long that will last.

p.s.s. delivery in a 3-mile radius!
Dis place is solid! Awesome customer service,and da mix barbecue plate is ono, and da chicken Katsu is Ono too! Da malasadas was doodoos because it was way too oily, but other than that this place is good to go!
Amazing service. Fast and delicious food. Closest place to me that has spam musubi. The prices are not to bad either. They even have some tofu dishes.
I had not tried Hawaiian food before moving to LV so tried this and loved it.  The mixed BBQ plate is like Korean BBQ which I like, the chicken katsu curry YUM, the donuts are to die for. Love the mac salad. The first time I tried spam musubi I thought I had gone to heaven.  I had to stop coming here or I would have a serious weight problem.  Have tried Aloha ans LL and thought they were awful compared to this place
Ever since I moved to pittsburgh I have been missing some good Hawaiian food. Came home for a couple of weeks and I stuffed my face with the chicken katsu. I love it!!
This is the 2nd time we've eaten here and it is the business! Their food is good portion sized, not too salty, and never overfried like other restaurants.
The worst food...I had the BBQ mix plate and the chicken and Teri beef had no taste and the kalbi had a weird smell like it was borderline spoiled
I've been on a Hawaiian BBQ binge since I first went to Ohana in the Southwest a few months ago. This place definitely isn't as good as Ohana but it sure comes close. The selection is certainly much bigger but the food just isn't as good. I was happy to finally get some decent chicken katsu after my disastrous experience at AA Hawaiian BBQ.

The guy behind the counter wasn't very nice and after I paid I realized he overcharged me for the lunch "special." It is little things like this that separate the ok places from the great ones. I would suggest going here during lunch as their specials are fairly prices and as everyone has already mentioned the portion sizes are more than adequate for lunch AND dinner. Just make sure they charge you correctly!
I love Hawaiian BBQ, and this place satisfies my ridiculous cravings for big portions of barbequeued pork and steak at once.   The price is a little painful versus other places you could eat on a lunch, but for $9 I can have both of those and two cups of rice aaaand a little shotglass of macaroni salad.  Which I hope no one actually shotguns.   But anyway, it's quality food here.
Finally....Kuge has stepped FOOT...into the Yelp universe to make his first review.

Kuge was pleasantly surprised to see this Hawaiian BBQ establishment in great shape and was welcomed instantly by the woman at the counter.    With the $5.95 lunch special Kuge was ecstatic to see they had a wide variety of options available at his disposal.

So the Great One decided to take on the Chicken Katsu which came with a full serving of fried rice and a drink.  Kuge and his roommate decided to dine in and before we were finished discussing 101 different ways to lay the smackdown on jabroni's candy-asses, the server had delivered the food.

Kuge was extremely satisfied by the speed and friendliness of the staff, the only thing now was to see if his entree held it's own vs. The Great One.

With heaping helpings of katsu and fried rice, it was more than enough to please Kuge.  But Kuge has to be honest here, when it came to overall taste he believes that even though it was above average, the katsu with sauce didn't deliver completely.  The Great One's feelings about the fried rice was the same.

But no worries Yelp Universe, Kuge was so pleased with the overall quality of food, service, and portions that he won't check Hawaiian BBQ into the Smackdown hotel!

As a matter of fact with the option of Boba Tea that they serve, Kuge will definitely be coming to Hawaiian BBQ in the future with an empty stomach and he can't WAIT to take on the BBQ beef.

Overall, Kuge is willing to give Hawaiian BBQ 4 People's Eyebrows out of 5.
The service was fast, friendly and accurate. EXACTLY how I want it. The food wasn't as tasty as I was hoping. Maybe cause I was craving another Hawaiian restaurant that sadly just closed. I could almost taste their garlic shrimp. We decided to venture off to this spot since it was the closest. The mac salad wasn't the best or worst I've ever had. The fried shrimp was nothing to brag about. And the spicy kim chee was anything but. I'll give this restaurant one more shot. I'm hoping the shrimp sandwich will WOW me :)
Bomb ass barbeque
Way too greasy
Dad back home from hospital after several months after a heart attack, heart surgery, pt.

So for Thanksgiving, we decide to order food out so that my mom will not have to cook anything since she has been very busy since my dad came home just several days before.  The goal was to find something a group of people can enjoy.  Since we are Pilipinos, we don't adhere to the Turkey thanksgiving adage so anything good is fine.  My sister and her family are visiting from Pittsburgh so we discuss what should we eat.

Joji - well what should we order, check out chinese, costco, trader joes, smiths anywhere

Melanio - well we have to know what is open

Kuya, well how about Don Antonios, they have pasta (this is bec I mentioned Brian my partner will not be eating meat like everyone else who will eat anything

Melanio - I will look up.  Great menu, not open on Thnksgiving Day, their suggestion is to buy it Wed and heat it up Thurs.  Nope

Melanio - well there is Salt Lick BBQ here in Red Rock.

Joji - Mama doesn't like the BBQ at Green Valley Resort (Red Rock sister resort), How about Aloha A Go Go, they have been there before.

Melanio - Ok.  I will order something from Salt Lick and you order the rest from Aloha A Go Go

Okay I would say some more but you get the gist, I will get several more calls about the menu at Aloha A Go Go, price, half tray, full tray, beef, pork, chicken,shrimp etc.

So what do we get, half tray bbq chicken, fried shrimp and they will throw us some fried dough with cinnamon sugar for free!

Well here comes the relevant part.  Hawaiian bbq chicken - comes flat looking like pork on top of vegetables.

Joji - they have broccoli under the chicken, do we serve that?
Melanio - probably just for catching the grease from the chicken like in chinese and thai restaurants.
Joji - food is still hot, put it in the oven to remain warm until guests arrive to eat.
Melanio - ok, everybody is gtting hungry who is here
Andy (my brother in law) - started on the chips from Salt Lick (everyone eats it too)

Aloha A Go Go food - bbq sauce for chicken, okay not great (soy sauce and sugar?), fried shrimp - too much breading sauce tartar sauce

Both dishes are flat for some reason (as in thin pieces).  Imagine your bbq chicken and fried shrimp being served after the car has run over it several times to flatten it.  I didn't expect the food to be flat but tried it anyway.  Only okay. wouldn't recommend it to a funeral party.

If you like to make sure that your food is sandwich ready, get Aloha A Go Go to go.

P.S.  the vegetables (not broccoli only) under the chicken was meant to be served with the chicken...aya yay yay!
Aloha! a go go?  Obviously the sister joint to china a go go ....do Chinese know how to cook Hawaiin?  Anyways....I usually have lunch here once a week or so, I usually have the spam or bbq chicken saimin noodles.  They taste just like the description: spam n noodles.  I have also sampled the lunch special consisting of wayyyyy toooooo much fooood...... like 2 full slabs of chicken katsu, rice, macaroni salad and they toss in one maldagascar or whatever they call it puffy dessert thang....not many choices in the area so I gotta endure it....oh, and the tonkatsu sauce was too watery....til next time, good eating!
I was out running errands and stopped in for a quick lunch. I generally prefer to eat at independent places rather than the corporate chains that dominate this part of town. But as Aloha A Go Go proves, local doesn't always mean better. Looking back, I should have tried Pick Up Stix next door instead.

I opted for the garlic shrimp lunch special, and it came with chow mein, fried rice and a drink for $6. Not a bad deal if the food was good, but alas...  Everything but the shrimp was lukewarm, as though it has been sitting on a steam table for a while. The noodles were lo mein rather than chow mein and were rather greasy and lifeless, the fried rice was overcooked and bland and the veggies under the shrimp were cold. Only the shrimp themselves were hot.

Pretty crappy experience, even for fast food. I won't be going back.
I tried their food once...terrible!  I love their chinese food from China A gogo, so figured this might be decent...not even close to my other regular haunts such as Ohana Hawaiian BBQ and Aloha Island grill on MD Pkwy and the one on Sahara.
Menus were totally confusing---very inconsistent and many items (like dumplings) are left off the printed menus.  Their combos were a bit confusing too--like a mini portion of orange chicken came with rice but not macaroni salad, yet other chicken items came with the macaroni.  I ordered a side of macaroni but after a taste I couldn't eat it--flavorless.  The orange chicken looked beautiful but wasn't that great of quality--big portions--enough for two, but I wish it was more white meat.  The grilled mahi mahi was very salty and their french fries were horrible.  Their burgers were chewy and bland.  Sadly, I won't be back, even though they have a wide variety of items, but I don't think it will be better.
Ah, the plate lunch. Carbs, grease and salt. Those are three of the four major food groups, if memory serves me correctly.

Aloha A Go Go is pretty typical of these places, but their just-barely-creamy macaroni salad is some of the best I've had.

My usual order is a combination of garlic chicken, which is stir-fried with piles of minced garlic, and the volcano chicken, which is basically spicy BBQ chicken. Both start off decent, but the rubbery dark meat chicken can be a little hard to stomach after a while. Scarf down some rice and you'll feel better. I don't recommend the soggy, flavorless kalua pork.

Service is friendly and accommodating. Portions are massive.

Otherwise, the place is unremarkable, perfectly acceptable but not worth a special trip.
Fresh, fast, and delicious! And in Southern Highlands. Chek out the cars in the area while you're there. ;)
WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS PLACE????

I've been coming here 1-2 a month for 5 years, and it has progressively gotten worse. They don't have half the things on their menu, so if you are looking for something other than the VERY BASIC combination plates, you're better off going to another location. Some of the items they don't have anymore are: pork katsu, pork cutlet, lemon chicken, POTATO SALAD (Aloha A Go Go?!), grilled salmon, KIMCHI, aloha fried rice, manapua, egg roll, any sort of curry, etc.

They also have/HAD a stamp card where 20 stamps would qualify you for a free meal. I went there last week to get my final stamp (which would have made this meal free), and the girl tells me that they are not doing the stamps or honoring the cards anymore because of new management. She tells me the change happened in December. WOW.
Good service, good food. Wish they still serve kimchi.
I don't know why this place is rated so low! I happen to like this place! Not as good as Hawaiian Hale, or Ross J's... but it's above average! The lady that works on the register is always sweet and friendly. She remembers me even if I haven't been back for a while! I will continue to go here for their garlic chicken and garlic shrimp whenever I get a craving! Plus, even though they stopped the frequent diners card, i still was able to use my old one that was filled up for a free individual plate!! I love a free meal!
So Wednesday evening I needed milk and cat food. On my way to the store I realized my stomach was growling. Never a good idea to shop on an empty stomach. A while back in The Savvy Shopper rag in the China Grill ad was a little banner about Wok n Stix being a new location. And because of an event that fell apart this week I had a bug to eat something Asian. So I found it and stopped in.

Chinese fast food. They also have hamburgers and a few other things. I stuck with something I figured I would like, orange chicken ($7.95). It came reasonably quick, was too hot to eat right away. Most of my Chinese fast food consists of Panda Express and Ming Gee. This was much better, in addition to the onions and bell peppers listed mine had mushrooms, celery, sprouts and some other stuff. Service was on styrofoam with plastic utensils. Even though I was eating in the rice came in a take out box which I thought was sorta weird. I still hate eating out alone but at least I wasn't the only person in the place. Each side of the place had a long upholstered bench with tables and chairs that could be slid along to make up different seating and two tables in the middle.

There was nobody being served at the front counter when I was finished so I stopped,picked up a menu and talked to the woman there and found out she is an owner. They have had the place for 6 months and are the same family that owns China Grill not far away.
Well I went here last week and the sign said Wok N Grill but since their website says "Stix" and this is the same address, I guess maybe I got it wrong.  Just a heads up, you may see this place named Wok N Grill somewhere down the road.

So we walked in and the menu is insane.  There is way too much and far too many pictures of the food for anyone to make a reasonable decision.  So I asked the guy "what's good" to which he replied "besides everything?"  Oh har har - aren't you clever.  Now I'm pissed at you.  So after trying to drag an answer out of him, I told him I wanted spicy and he suggested boring Kung Pao Chicken.  I took his advice which, now, makes me more mad at him because it really wasn't good.  It was a giant plate of 10000 peanuts, 10 stalks of celery, and some giant mutant chicken.  Was there value for the meal? Sure.  Was it good enough to justify ever eating that much of it?  Absolutely not!  It was decently spicy but, more so, it was just hot.  Like - I stuck this in the microwave for 10 minutes kind of hot.  

Let's just say, I won't be back here.  The staff was unhelpful and the food was insane.  You can usually tell if a place doesn't have good food because they give you a ton of it.  This is one of those places.
We came here because we were hungry and the name made us laugh.  When we got here, the name had apparently changed to an unclever "Wok n Grill."  I grabbed a to-go menu on our way in because I could already see the mess of distracting pictures and words all over their "menu board."  It was difficult to read and I wasn't going to waste time trying.  There are too many things on the menu and I got frustrated looking at too many options and went with the relatively boring lemon chicken.  The guy behind the counter was unhelpful and kind of frustrating.  After we ordered and sat down, we waited for about 10 minutes and got our blazing hot food served to us on styrofoam plates.  Argh.  The sauce on my lemon chicken was pretty good, albeit a little bit gelatinous.  The chicken was good in some parts, but tough and stringy in others.  Unfortunately, the thing I hate most with fried foods happened to me here.  The batter was put on too thick and was not fried long enough, making the stuff next to the chicken mushy and disgusting.  I could only eat a little of it.  Bottom line is this place kind of sucks and I won't be back.
This place was the Best! Sadly, it was sold and has become Wok n' Grill. I ate there once since the new owners took over and have not returned. The food is not the same!!! 

Now I go to the original owners other place, China Grill, on Thunderbird & 75th ave.
Yuck. Found a foreign object in my fountain soda. Strange flavors in the food. Very spendy.
Ordered dinner last night. Order was repeated for accuracy. Was promised it would take 45 minutes.

Food showed up in 25 minutes. HOT and had everything we ordered.

The food was terrific! Excellent Chinese Fast Food at a great price. This may end up being a weekly thing.
Hawaiian Style Poke is an awesome hidden little gem. Its on Wynn, just south of Spring Mountain. 

They carry fresh poke and they make it in small batches (I'm assuming so its fresher). 

They don't have a huge variety. But they have the basics. Tako poke and ahi. They also have a spicy ahi and an oyster sauce ahi. The oyster sauce ahi is kind of gimicky to me. Like anything drenched in oyster sauce is good. But it is good. The tako poke is so good. The very first time I had it, it was so tender, nicely seasoned, and the ogo (limu, or seaweed) was so fat and crunchy. The next few times I had it, the tako was still yummy, but the ogo was all sad and small. 

The seafood is fresh considering we live in the middle of BFE. 

And the prices are reasonable. Like a pound of tako poke is $10.99. 

They also sell opihi, poi, haupia, a varitey of Hawaiian kine snacks (like taro chips and kaki mochi), t-shirts, and stickers to sticker up the back of your Tahoe like all the Hawaiians that move from 808 to the 702. Okay, seriously though, not all people from Hawaii have to sticker up their cars. People don't actually do it as much in Hawaii. Its only after they've moved away. But a lot of them have to make it known that they're from the greatest place on Earth. Get over it. You don't live there anymore. MOVE ON. 

I always see the same two Hawaii guys working the counter. They're both really nice and happy to answer your questions. 

There's street parking or parking around the corner in the alley. 

I never see a lot of people in here, but the counter guys says they've been busy. Good. I hope they stick around. If business is threatened, I'll single-handedly support them. 

* off the strip, non-casino
I came across the original review while googling for some good poke in the Aloha Valley. I decided to check Hawaiian Style Poke out!

This place is great! The poke is fresh and delicious; definitely the best poke I've had on the mainland so far! I picked up a pound, and returned later that afternoon to buy two more pounds for work the next day! The guys that work there are super; there was no more Spicy Ahi in the tray and they whipped up a couple of pounds fresh on the spot, just for me!

The price isn't dirt cheap, about $10.99/lb, but it's about the average price of some decent poke back on the islands, which makes it a pretty good deal! 

I highly recommend dropping by this place, and will be telling all my island friends here about it!
Considering I had been getting my poke from Whole Foods before, this place is a godsend.  I've only been once so far and got the spicy ahi, shoyu ahi, and kimchee tako.  Everything was good - we liked spicy the best.

A friend told me that this is not technically fresh but "flash frozen" and I forgot to ask them about it when I went in there.  I'll be going back for sure and when I do I'll be trying the Poi and I'll find out about the flash frozen.

Parking across the street or risk a ticket by parking right in front. 

Also I heard they had some kind of butter shortbread cookies or something that are supposed to be the bomb but they ran out when I went there.
Closed on Wednesdays, closed on Wednesdays, closed on Wednesdays...

Gotta remember that.  That's the second time I've gone there to find it closed!  :(
After almost going on a Wednesday, AGAIN, I finally made it when it's open. 

Poke still good.  Yes the fish is "flash frozen" on the boat which is why it's so fresh.

Still no cookies  :(

Kimchi tako and spicy ahi my favs.
Best poke in town!! Glad I do not live too close to this place or I would be there way too much.
I first notice this place when I was shopping in Ranch 99 but I never got the chance to actually go into the store and check whether if the poke is fresh. So one day, I just got up from the couch and drove to Hawaiian Style Poke. 

And boy, I was gleefully surprised at the selection of poke that they have. My favorite is Shoyu poke. $5 for half a pound is pretty damn good price. And the fish is so goooooooooooooood and fresh! From then on, I would occasionally visit as much as possible and try out their other styles of poke. 

Now if you like raw sashimi mixed in wonderful, exotic seasoning.. then this is the store you must visit!


PS. They close on TUESDAYS now. Not Wednesday!
I had a craving for some poke last night so this morning I drove my hungover ass down to Chinatown to get the perfect hangover cure... sashimi. The store was much smaller than I expected but exceptionally clean and the service was quick and friendly. 

I bought a pound of the spicy ahi poke (weighed in a little over a pound at $10.95/lb) and paid 12 bucks even. As soon as I got home I tore straight into the tub. While there were only a few selections to choose from, the fish was very fresh and not overly marinated. Since this place is just down the street for me I'm going to have to go back and sample more until I get that dreaded mercury poisoning :)

4 Stars, I wish they had more selections. Next stop, Poke Express!
Hands down the best poke I've had in town!  Super fresh and really friendly service!
I have never seen a place like Hawaiian Style that has poke readily available. It's deli style where you are able to get poke by the pound. Prices are very decent. About 10.95 a pound. There are a several choices of poke such as spicy ahi poke and tako poke. Both of which I've got. Mind you.. I'm not an expert in poke but this was freakin' delicious!
The ahi was cut into bite size morsels and tasted very fresh! The tako delivered the right amount of flavor. 

You must try the place!
I've been a repeat customer at Hawaiian Poke. If I had an iPhone I probably would have checked in here 4 times this past week. This is still my go to place for a healthy snack when hungover.

My first review I gave them 4 stars but having been there several more times and finally noticing the menu that they have on the upper left wall by the entrance, I realized they made other styles of poke to order.

From my experience there is usually about 1 to 2 pounds of poke in any given tray in the morning as soon as they open. I guess this is to ensure freshness if business is slow, but the fish has never tasted bad to me before. In the afternoon around 2, the trays are usually depleted but don't be alarmed, you can ask them to whip up a batch. 
 
Today I bought a pound of spicy ahi (not the mayo with masago kind) and a limu style. Love the limu style with the seaweed things to make it crunchy.

Also note, $5 minimum order to use credit cards, but who just wants a 1/4 pound of tasty tuna?
I just got back from Maui last week and had great poke while there. I've been craving some poke hardcore since then but honestly I've always been scared to try this place. Poke in the desert? Plus I figured there's no way it could live up to the poke I had in Hawaii (oh yeah and I'm a bratty fish snob to boot!).

Well folks, this is honestly Hawaiian quality poke. Yeah it's *slightly* tastier in Maui, but not by much. The fish was so fresh tasting. YUM. The place was uber clean. No weird smells, no chewy fish. YAY!!

They had about 5 types of poke and then some fun containers they make themselves (I wanna try the seaweed salad next time!), plus they had warm spam/rice they had just wrapped up. Lots and lots of fun Hawaiian drinks, foods, shirts, etc, etc. A tiny place, but lots of goodies hiding all over the place!

I had a 1/4 lb of Garlic Poke and 1/4 lb of Shoyu Poke ($10.95/lb) and tried my friend's limu poke. All were incredible!! The fish was the star, but it was perfectly salted and the onions were so fresh and crisp too. 

They have a cute little bench area outside that's shaded where you can eat your lunch if you can't wait till you get home. Drink were reasonable too $.65 - $2 or so. 

This is definitely going into my weekly rotation - cheap , healthy, and tasty - LOVE IT. Thanks yelp for the killer find.
In search of some soup to cure a long night's partying in Vegas my friends and I randomly chose a Thai noodle house.  As we approached the door we noticed a poke restaurant.  Ooooh that sounded good but not at the moment, hangovers and raw fish probably don't match too well.

My friend returned to the restaurant and described it as it being a deli, akin to a sandwich shop.  He picked up a pound of poke, not sure exactly which style, and some steamed rice.  Fresh, flavorful, and authentic is what flashed through my senses.  One pound was not enough for as I had to hold back in order to share.

I'll be back in a couple months and look forward to wiping out their school of fish with my appetite.
You'd hardly notice this little place if you weren't looking for it.  It's tucked back just off of Spring Mt. road....  near the barber shop I've been going to lately.  I had seen a couple reviews of the place and decided to stop in after my last cut.  I went with a pound of the spicy ahi and a half pound of the limu style ahi.  The guy made up a fresh batch of the spicy ahi for me.  The fish definitely tastes great...  the spicy definitely has some decent heat to it.... although I think it was a little saltier than it needed to be.  The limu style tasted great too...  loved the little bits of onion and the difference in texture.  

I'll probably check this place out again... most likely after a stop at the barber shop.  Just wish they had a little bit longer hours...
Just went here last month for the first time every..can you believe it and I'm from Hawaii and it took me for ever's to find a place like this.  OH Man, this place has Ono limu poke, kimchi poke, well You name it and it's got it.  SOOOO ONO!  A little pricey, but then again Good Poke is worth it and hey fish is expensive to get to Vegas.  So worth it!  They also have pipi kaula (dried seasoned meat) kinda like Hawaiian style jerky.  Oh man when a place sells this mean, all you need is some Lomi Lomi, poke and poi..That is what I call taking me back Local style. Now if I can only find someplace like this in Denver?.....hmmm...
This place rules. They took super good care of us and stayed open for us as we made our way out to them before driving back to LA. Their garlic ahi poke is ridiculous man! I love that they use sesame seed in their mix too and nice big slices of red and white onion along with green onion.

Super ono guys! Quality cuts of Ahi. Its a must have if your in Vegas and miss your Poke.
Definitely worth a stop when in Vegas. Just left of Spring Mountain Road past I-15 at Wynn Road in Chinatown, this is a real Hawaiian treat. The ahi selections include the usual shoyu, spicy, garlic, etc. varieties.  They alternate selections but Dennis, friendly owner, will make you other varieties as well. I especially like their tako (octopus) selections. Very tender - better than I had in Oahu. There's this spicy ahi version with mayo that's also very good. The shop also sells the requisite Hawaiian Sun beverages, as well as other Hawaiian snack foods.  A simple place, but how often do you get the feeling of Ohana in Las Vegas, and great poke to boot?!  As of this writing all pokes were under $12/lb.
Very good and fresh poke. When you walk in doesn't look like much, but they'll make a fresh batch if it's running low. Glad I heard about this place from the locals at the Cal. Worth the stop for my poke fix going back to Cali. YUM.
This place is outstanding!  My third visit there and service and quality remain top notch.  Dennis already remembers me and treats me like a friend. 

The fish is flown in often perhaps weekly.  Somehow he manages to retain its freshness.  He only makes a little at a time so the taste is always fresh.  And if he's out of something he'll whip it up for you in a jiff.  

This trip we had the Garlic Ahi, Ogo Ahi, Shoyu Ahi, and Spicy Ahi.  All fresh with fresh ingredients.  All seven of us agree that they all were great.  

Better than most I've had in Hawaii which just makes it better.  A must stop if you're in Vegas and in need of some good Poke.  Mahalo Dennis for making us feel welcome.  A hui ho!
Poke! Poke! Poke! 

Who would have thought that I would find yummy poke in the desert of Las Vegas! I have yelp to thank for that...because Hawaiian Style Poke pops up on my yelp app and I just had to get some poke before I left! 

First off, DO get POKE here!! 

Second off, do not follow the directions on google maps on the phone. Because it says that it's behind the palms hotel which is a load of crock. It's actually located on the other side of Wynn Rd. at Chinatown. Towards Spring Mountain Rd. 

Thirdly, this is not a sit down restaurant. It's a take out deli, but instead of sandwiches they sell POKE! 

They have ahi poke and tako poke, all made fresh daily! 
I was able to try the Limu ahi poke, shoyu ahi poke and the tako limu poke! All were so good. My favorite of the three was the shoyu poke...but next time I'm trying the spicy garlic poke! 

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=o6i23tiQnEs6Z2KMvx91eg

ah...poke! Poke! POke! POKe! POKE! POKEEEEE!
DAMN SKIPPY!!!  This has got to be "THE BEST" poke place next to Tamura's on Waialae Ave in Honolulu!  Since I'm no longer in Hawaii nei, I can have it come to me!  All this via the local kine owners from Hawaii bringing their fish fresh from the islands!  From what my husband has told me in his conversations w/"the man," they fly to the islands often for their fish, not sure if he fishes himself, or if he buys it there.  But, hey!  I will take poke any way I can get it...and it's pronounced (po-kay) for those of you who don't understand this review, no insult intended.

FRESH, Broke Da Mout' poke!  And at the same price as in Hawaii!  They also have many other items on their menu, including pipikaula, poi, haupia!  Check also for other store items such as Hawaii novelty merchandise, ie, bumper stickers, cookies, etc.  Having this for pupus always puts me in my "happy place" here in the desert!  AHHHH~~~!!
I have been patronizing this fabulous hole in the wall since we left Pukalani, Maui.  It is the only Tako Poke that is as good as Pukalani Superette.  I took 10 pounds of Limu and Tako to a party the other night and it evaporated.  The 9th island contingent form Henderson is willing to drive across the 15 to get poke this good.  They won't even cross the 15 to visit, but when it comes to poke they all wanted the address.  The whole family is never disappointed.  The only disappointment is that they are closed on Tuesday.  Every flavor and variety is beyond delicious.
Fresh poke of all sorts! Definitely will always be a scheduled stop when I am in Vegas. Spicy ahi is hot but yummy, put a little mayo in it for a creamier taste.
I was REALLY REALLY excited to get some poke after having delicious poke from Maui. Anyhow, I found this place through other Yelpers. I decided to get 1/2lb of the Spicy Tuna Poke and 1/2lb of the Shoyu Poke. I took it home excited to eat some poke. Apparently I don't know what fresh tuna looks like, because my fianc said it wasn't fresh. After trying a couple bites, he was right....it didn't have that crunch like it did in Maui. Flavoring was good and the spicy tuna was really spicy. I am willing to give this place another try, but I will bring the fianc with me next time.
I've never been to Hawaii so I have no way to compare but based on other placed I've tried from recommendations of my Hawaiian friends, this place is awesome. Very fresh and clean looking. I'm definitely going back every chance I get when I'm on that side of town or the area.
I was disappointed by HSP. I remember reading glowing reviews about the place last year and have had it bookmarked ever since. In the interim, I have been to Poke Express several times and have loved it every time. Unfortunately, HSP falls slightly short of PE. I don't know if it's inflated expectations or what. The fish quality seems ever-so-slightly better at PE and I also enjoyed the flavors more at PE.

I'm giving three stars because there's nothing inherently wrong with HSP's offerings. If I'm in the Chinatown area, I wouldn't mind getting poke there again. Lucky for me, PE is closer to work.
Some damn good Ahi Poke. I got the spicy poke and the spicy garlic poke. The fish is incredibly fresh, and is cut in large chunks. 

One tip would be to go light on the soy, it can get a bit salty by the end.
No comparison to Poke Express, sorry. I wanted to like it because its closer. The fish had no taste and tons of onions. The people at Poke Express are very friendly and these people-not so much. We waited at least 5 minutes with no greeting while they were busy talking to people and doing stuff behind the counter before we were even acknowledged. I won't be back.
So I have heard about poke for awhile and have wanted to try it since I do enjoy my share of sushi and sashimi on the regular. So I stopped by here one day and told the lady I've never had poke before and what she thought was best. She gave my a little of a spicy one and a little of a garlic one. It was good but in my opinion it was so salty it gave me a little bit of a stomach ache. I believe the fish was fresh and the flavor was good, just not for me. My sister happened to be with me and she grabbed two of their spam masubi and she loves it her only complaint was the the slice of spam was a bit thin and the chunk of rice was huge.
I didn't even know this was here until Yelp. I've been craving poke and decided to try this new place out. There isn't a inside seating, but outside there are some stone tables and benches. It was way too hot today so the inside of the car was our lunch table.

The BF and I got about half a pound of each:

Garlic Ahi poke- pretty good. Good garlic flavor and I like the two kinds of onions in it plus green onions. We asked for a little spice and there was pieces of chilies thrown in it. 

Wasabi Ahi Poke- this had a creamy sauce base, onions and a bit of green onion. This was no joke wasabi. I complain that most wasabi poke just mix a tiny bit for flavor into some shoyu and call it a day. I like that they aren't afraid to give you wasabi here and I like the creaminess, BUT this was seriously overpowering. I love wasabi, but this was my nasals and eye ducts were burning at every bite experience. Even with taking bites with the other poke and some rice it was a bit much so I tried to scrape some of the cream off. Maybe gonna ask them to go a little lighter next time and mix.

Limu Ahi Poke- fairly good, but lacking something for me..I should have asked for a little dab of shoyu to open up the flavor. For those who love the bits of limu- they are generous about putting a lot here. 

Poke is $10.95 and can be ordered in sizes as small as a 1/4th container to a big ol' bucket. 

I got a package of rice ($2) to go with the poke. We also got some Arizona Green Teas and I've never seen "Extra Sweet" version of it but they have that here... (is that a Hawaiian thing?). For dessert, some LiHingMui covered peach gummis ($1.75) from their small selection of Hawaiian snacks. 

I am a big fan of Poke Express (Craig Rd.)  and they are compared all the time on reviews. After trying it here, I would say they are different. The fish is about the same freshness and the way they season their poke isn't even close to being the same so it's about taste preference. Taste preference wise, I think I learn towards Poke Express overall. 

However, I think this place is good so I want to try more of what they have to offer and revisit a lighter version of the wasabi.
Dont bother to go after 1pm, there was hardly any poke left. Just a spoon full here and a spoon full there. Most containers were empty. I was really excited to try the poke for lunch, but was disappointed it was all gone. The person behind the counter did even acknowledge us when we walked in. After checking it out we walked right back out and went some where else for lunch. :o(
I can't give it five stars because it's the first time I've had poke but I love this little shop.  They let me try a couple types and told me how to enjoy it:  as a pupu with a beer!...which is what I'm doing now.  I got the spicey garlic and it is perfectly hot.
We stumbled upon this place when we were in Chinatown and glad we did!

Poke was fresh and so yummy! Spicy poke had a great amount of flavor! We tried the Ginger Poke too and that was not bad.
The furikake was by far the tastiest. We tried all 5 varieties that they had available. Definitey will be back!

We were expecting the restaurant to have seating and there was none inside.  We were really hungry when we went, so we ended up sitting at the picnic tables outside the resturant.  

The only downside is that after eating a pound or so of various poke, is that I was VERY parched, as there was a lot of sodium/soy sauce used.
In an attempt to avoid the craziness on the strip while still eating fresh sushi-grade sashimi, we ventured out to the "Chinatown" of LV and found Hawaiian Style Poke. 

It's quite a small shop, but they don't really need to be much bigger honestly. It's take-out mostly anyway. They have a few different styles of poke including shoyu, oyster sauce, plain, spicy, etc. We ended up a few different varieties along with some rice, spam musabi and Hawaiian Sun drinks. It was quite a big lunch actually.

Service was warm as you'd expect from a Hawaiian joint.

Parking is odd... street or just park across the street real quick and head on back.

All in all, A-ok.
People here are extremely nice, which is the reason why I upped this an extra star. Poke here though is a bit mediocre. I do have a quick little theory though about the fact that this place wasn't as good as the other Poke I've been too here in Vegas, well the thing is, we came in here about 10 minutes before this place was about to close. But if you own a poke spot you're expected to have fresh fish all the way up to when you close, so I can't really use that too much of an excuse. Just like I said this place is great though, people that run this tiny poke spot are really really courteous, nice, and everything else that goes along those lines of words.

We ordered the usual stuff just more of it because we just came here right before we left back home to the bay. We came here to bring a bunch of poke because we don't have anything like that around the bay. Anyways we had the squid, ahi garlic, and pretty much all the other ahi flavors. I might come back here and give this place another shot just because how awesome the owners are here and my theory about coming to this place late might be right.

Owners keep up the friendly service. Service really matters when coming to any place!
My favorite poke, the fish is fresher tasting than other poke in town.

Spicy, garlic, and shoyu are my favorites.
Limu was good and I liked the texture the best but taste of the other ones better.
Have yet to try wasabi. 
Worth every penny, will be back again!
Great place to get good quality poke..
I have been wanting to try out this place out for a while now.  I finally got the opportunity this weekend to check this place out.  Located in the heart of Chinatown, this place didn't disappoint. You can tell by the colour of the poke that it is made fresh daily.  Actually they make them throughout the day as different flavors run low.  I tried the limu poke and the shoyu limu poke today.  They both were quite good.  Although their prices of the poke just went up March 1, it is still not a bad place to come for some authentic Hawaiian poke.  Will come back again whenever I need a poke fix.
I go back every time whenever I go to Vegas~ Yummy~~

Tip: if you want a bigger portion of rice which is cheaper, please drive to the plaza opposite to it and get one order from Sam Woo~

Then enjoy the pole rice combo! :)
Where can you get Hawaiian style tuna poke in the middle of the desert? This place! I love pretty much all the products they have here. You can't go wrong with their poke and I love their spam musubi. The fish here are always fresh and it's a really great treat for tuna lovers.
Went here for lunch recently after reading all the good reviews and was not disappointed. Everything I had tasted so fresh and they also sell Red Bull which automatically gets them an extra star!

We got there around 11:30 but a lot of the trays were running low (maybe they were still prepping for the day?). They had the limu which I wanted to try so I wasn't too bummed. The fish tastes very fresh and since it is marinating in the sauce it has more flavor right away (unlike Island Sushi). Also got the Kim Chi cucumber and seaweed salad and they were both really good. 

If this place were closer to my house I would come here at least once a week! Highly recommend!!
Good fresh fish, but they never have the kimchi sauce for their kimchi flavored items, which is the main reason i go, but still very good
Don't be discouraged if you roll up in the afternoon and the counter looks empty!  Probably because of the 110+ degree heat, but when my friends and I arrived, it didn't look like there was anything left, but the nice folks behind the counter told us they could whip up any pok from the fish in the fridge we would like. We sampled about 5 different types of pok and really liked the regular and garlic ones. The seaweed one was not too much of a hit, but it's a personal taste preference. The tuna was extremely fresh and I also enjoyed a rice ball. Overall, worth the trip and strange parking in Chinatown.  However, the place is not eat in, so in 100+ degree heat and desert sun you might have to just bring a small cooler or park your car somewhere and chow down. Option #2 is not very enticing, since there were some establishments of apparently I'll repute in the area.
Place is really small no dine in.... But it sure is the best Poki in Vegas hands down.
Love this place.. Price is very resonable.
How have I never known this place was in existence until now? This was a random yelp adventure of mine, it was close to work and been curious on on all the smaller businesses that weren't facing Spring Valley (I found some good finds before on Wynn Road, so figured I'd swing by this place).

Please be aware this is *not* a dine-in restaurant!

I was taken aback by this when I came in, but this seems to be a family owned business (closed on Tuesdays, random day to be closed!) Their selection is small, but what makes up in little quantity goes for A LOT of quality in what they have. You can choose which sizes you want to take to-go (which makes the beauty of this place so worthwhile, you are able to order a half size and even 1/4 size for a very reasonable price!) I went with the 1/2 size of spicy tuna and limu, with a little container of rice (you can do a combination of different ones to switch it up!)

For $10 I dined on an excellent lunch of ahi poke. I'm astounded by how affordable it is, not to mention I feel this is much better than any sushi bar I've ever been in (it's literally like making your own sashimi sushi at home or on the go!) Cheaper than any sushi bar, and you get more for your buck. Plus, family owned businesses are always more hospitable! I don't know if the lady I spoke with was the owner, but she was incredibly helpful and enthusiastic about any questions I have!

This is definitely one of my new favorite hideaway places in Chinatown!
Plain and simple...get your Poke from here. Always fresh and great. Aloha Nui Loa. 
Nick
Poke was on the extensive list of foods that some college friends and I wanted to try, but never did. When I found Hawaiian Style Poke, I felt guilty at first, but that went away once my stomach took control of any thought. Sorry about that, friends. Kinda... no, not really, I take that apology back.

About the somewhat hidden location, it's neatly tucked into the side that borders Wynn Rd and is across the street from 99 Ranch. There's parking in the front or on the street, but sometimes it's difficult and frustrating to manage. I parked in Chinatown Plaza and walked over.

At first glance, their selection seems limited and looks like there isn't much poke left, but I'd take quality over quantity any day. Also remember that it's deli-style and there isn't an indoor dining area, so you'll be taking your order to go. They sell the poke per pound and have smaller 1/4 or 1/2 pound containers for those who want single portions. With my order ringing up to $8 at 1/2 pound, I could hardly wait to take my poke home to devour.

Back to the important stuff: the poke. Mmm spicy ahi poke. Fiery enough to feel the burn while still being able to relish the fresh tuna! The fish was cut up into bite-sized pieces and mixed with the right amount of chili oil, sesame seeds, and onions. Usually, I'm not a big fan of raw onions, but they were a little sweet and provided a crunchy contrast in texture. I liked eating it plain or adding a dash of light soy sauce. 

Curious about the other types of poke they have, so a future trip is definitely in the works.
I really love visiting Vegas because of the Asian food scene,  Hawaiian Poke Style is yet another example why I love coming here.  If you are looking for something authentically Hawaiian that is not the typical lunch plates, this is it.  I had the spicy ahi poke and man is it good.  Don't let the divey appearance scare you, the fish here is fresh and very flavorful.  The poke was as good as any fish you would get from any pricy sushi restaurant.  I am glad I came here at the beginning of my trip because I will definitely revisit it before I leave.
Humble storefront. Surprisingly fresh and quality poke, better than anything tried in Hawaii even. Ask for samples before making a decision.  We arrived Monday, mid afternoon, and most of the trays were already empty.

No seating; only a few benches outside; but really, this place is formatted like a deli to-go.

Parking situation was a bit confusing, but there was plenty of nearby street parking.
love this place! 
fresh poke. just like foodland in hawaii :)
Awsome hawaian twist on sashimi
Great little poke in the City of Sin!

This tiny little place located in the China Town area of LV, is pretty tough to find if you don't pay close attention while driving down Wynn Rd... 

Once you are here, you will notice that the place is small, unattractive, and simply plain in overall appearance including the cold counter where they they "hold" the pre-marinated pokes...

So why did I give it a 4 stars?

1)  Flavor!  Love their Spicy Mix Ahi Poke!  Spicy mayo mix all combined with fresh ahi, sesame, green onions and red onions may this poke super delicious!  (Reminded me of those that were in Maui)

2)  Freshly made!  Yes... there's not much in the counter, however, all items can be made to order!  Just tell the owner and he will be more than happy to whip some up for you quickly!  And of course, FRESH TOO!!!

3)  Decent price!  Price actually cost slightly less than Maui!  So I'm happy to pay for more delicious ahi!

4)  Friendly service!  Owner is real cool, real chill, and very nice overall!

They have many other varieties of poke to choose from, so I'm sure there is a flavor that suit your tastebuds as long as you are a fan of fresh ahi!

Next time you are in town, give this place a try as a nice little appetizer to one of your delicious meals in Vegas... and while you are at it, why not take a picture in front of Floyd Mayweather's boxing gym location just around the corner?
Best poke in town. Owners are so friendly.
Poke poke poke! If you do something good you don't need have to do anything else. This place does Poke right. Spicy, creamy, salty, they have it all!

I am some what addicted, and went here once a week, for the few months I lived in Vegas. This place will always have a special place in my heart.
Pure onoliciousness and some funny Hawaiian humor t shirts. When my schedule allowed I used to go there almost every day on my way to work. take a container of rice throw a half lb of spicy poke on top. Winner!
I love how they make the poke fresh and in small batches. I always get the Ahi limu poke and the Ahi shoyu poke. I'll have to try the garlic ahi poke the next visit. The location and parking situation  is kind of weird as the store front is on Wynn blvd, but you can park in the shopping center lot and then walk the short distance to the side of the shopping center which is where this place is. Everything tastes so good and satisfies my craving for poke. I am also usually hanging around the chinatown area so this poke store isn't out of my way.
This place satisfied my poke craving whenever it hits. The fact that it's not too far from home makes it all the better.

I wish I could give them 5 stars but their consistency is never there. The hours listed aren't always how they operate. It's pretty much they are open until they sell out. I wish they had more options and more stock but there's only so much you can do. 

This isn't a sit down place but more of a stop over and go. The speciality bowl they have with rice and raw fish is a overpriced. I usually order the fish and head home to make a fresh pot of rice. Saves money and ensures a good ratio of rice to fish.
During one hot spring day in Chinatown I was STARVING (as always, my metabolism  is ridiculous). Tired of my usual Thai Food fix and wanting to seek something new I find HSP on Yelp. 

Initial reaction: HOLYSH!T did this just open!? 

Turns out its located towards the end of the Chinatown Plaza extension on Wynn Rd and Spring Mountain. The lady working told me they've actually been opened for 5 years! I seriously felt like I have been living in a pineapple on the bottom of the sea. I bear crawl my hunger self to there and in front of me was a small shop with smallish quantities of various poke! it must be a good sign that there are small quantities of the poke to maintain the fish freshness. No old poke, yay! I'm not from Hawaii, an islander, or have lived anywhere with fresh off the coast fish, BUT usually I can taste fish funk. In my Shoyu Limu Tuna bowl I had no funk, only delicious fresh poke and warm rice sprinkled with black sesame seeds and only $8ish!

Excited to come back and try more.
I always get a craving for deli made Poke when I am in Vegas.  Possibly due to the heat and the craving for something cool, flavorful, and with substance?  There seems to be more places offering Poke here than in the Bay Area....

Tried the Limu Ahi, Shoyu Ahi, and Spicy Ahi Poke.  All had large fresh chunks of Ahi.  The owner made us a pound of Limu Poke because the deli tray was just emptied for a prior customer.  What great service!

Satisfies my large scale appetite for Poke while relatively close to the strip.  Will always visit when in town...
This place was hard to find and parking was so confusing!  I guess that comes with not being from around this area...

SERVICE-It was not the "Hello welcome to Hawaiian Style Poke" kind of interaction, but then again I was coming towards the end of the day.  The lady that worked the counter was super nice, and the guy that helped me was very serious. Maybe a smile could have made my review a five star, but no smile, oh well.

FOOD-The poke is so yummy. I absolutely loved every item that I  purchased.  I always go for the ahi shoyu poke and the ahi oyster poke, those are my faves!  I also purchased the poi, which was expensive but well worth it!!  Everything was good.

Dcor-Kind of a old mom and pop store kind of look.  It was good, reminded me of Taniokas in Waipahu.

Overall the food trumped everything else that I look at!!  I would definitely go here again because of the good food.
Being from Hawaii I was SO happy I found a place that sold poke like places back on the island. So this was a great find. We got the spicy ahi, tako poke, lim and shoyu ahi. All delicious. The ahi was fresh and so yummy! The tako poke was good but I've had better. If you are a tako lover this is not the place for you. But the ahi....love,love it.  The only disappointing thing for us was the boiled peanuts. I was excited that they sold them but they were MOLDY! Could not eat them and I've been so busy I haven't got a chance to return them. That is why one main reason I didn't rank this place so high. How can you sell moldy food? Hoping to give this place another try and hopefully they will redeem themselves. 

Update***
Went again the they were nice enough to replace my moldy boiled peanuts. And now I'm hooked! Need to get my fix of boiled peanuts and now I have some where to go. The tako poke is still eh...I've had better. The pieces are too small. Fish is yummy. A bit on the expensive side but just to get access to poke close to home can't complain too much. 

Fish = Yum
Octopus = Eh
Boiled Peanuts = Yum
Stopped by here to pick up poke bowls! We ordered the garlic ahi and the ahi limu poke bowls with rice. Was so delicious we bought a pound of the ahi limu to bring home to los angeles. 

The owners are down to earth and know how to mix up good poke!
From where I live I have to drive across town if I crave Poke. Low and behold there is a store right up the street from me. The flavor was not only awesome, but I have been craving to go back ever since.
   Very modest looking store, but don't judge by that. The food is awesome and the prices are good.
   Parking can be confusing. Just park across the street and carefully cross over to avoid a possible ticket.
    I know where i'm getting lunch today.
I think I read all the 4- and 5-star reviews and got my hopes up too high. The lady who worked at the counter couldn't speak English quite well but it's Chinatown so that's expected. The operating hours are interesting (as in, I finally found a way to go when they're actually open) and the store is somehow also a souvenir shop? That was a bit confusing.

The price was a bit steep in my opinion, probably only because I'm used to making poke in large batches at home so buying the smaller portions doesn't seem as worth it. The poke itself was quite delicious though. I had the limu poke, shoyu poke and the tako poke, both of which were flavorful and fresh - the tako especially.

I would probably go there again but only if I was really craving poke, too lazy to make my own, and down to drop some money.
Came in to visit on my Jawaiian friends recommendation, and I gotta say he was right! This place has some delicious, fresh ahi poke! I got the Shoyu Ahi, and a Spicy Ahi Poke bowl. Both selections were really good and made in small batches to keep everything fresh! The poke bowl had some really nice sticky white rice with furikake on top and it was so freaking steaming hot that by the time I got home to eat it some of the tuna got cooked a little! Super Ono!
I was very excited to try this place, but I was pretty disappointed. The plaza it's in isn't the easiest to find and parking isn't great. You are basically parking where the shops unload their things. When we came inside the store, they have the display of poke right in front of you. They only had 4 different types of ahi poke so we ended up trying a 1/4 lb of each. 

What we tried:
Spicy Garlic Ahi Poke: So this was the most liked only because it actually tasted like something. It wasn't spicy and you couldn't taste the garlic, but it was visible. I had to dunk it into the sauce that they gave to us.

Ahi Limu Poke: limu is the hawaiian word for algae. And like the Spicy Garlic Ahi, you could see the limu, but you couldn't taste it.

Spicy Ahi Poke: this was not spicy at all and it looked exactly like the Shoyu Ahi, except that it had white sesame seed and basically tasted the same.

Shoyu Ahi Poke: tasted the same as the Spicy Ahi, but instead of white sesame seeds...it had black sesame seed...dunk it into the sauce they give you to taste something!

Service:
It was okay. It was just 2 workers behind the counter and I'm guessing they were husband and wife? She didn't understand that we wanted 1/4 lb of each of the ahi poke they had in the display case until her husband? explained to her. The 1/4 lb container should be renamed to 1/3 lb container because we ended up paying $24 for the whole thing when it's $15/lb.
This was great!  We went in and got a large variety of what was in the bins in the front.  5 stars for the squid salad.  When walking out, I heard the woman who was ordering ask if they had everything on the menu, not just what was out and the man behind the counter said yes.  Kind of bummed to not know that before, especially since we ordered about 8 different things, you would think he would have offered us more variety.  Overall very delicious.
I love Poke! I could eat it for breakfast, lunch or dinner as long as I have some rice lolz. I try to pick up poke atleast once a week but damnn its gotten expensive. Its not the owners fault cause the price of tuna has gone up everywhere, so instead of ordering a pound i'll order just half a pound for lunch. My favorite here is the limu poke and limu tako, it taste sooo good. Some days when you come here you'll see fresh fish on display(parrot fish,kala fish) great for grilling. The owners are also very nice people thats why i've been coming here for years.
Came here after reading the many reviews on yelp.  Have to say the spicy ahi garlic poke bowl was very good.  The ahi was fresh and flavor reminded of poke I had in Hawaii. This place definitely knows how to make poke.
The food was worth the wait.  We arrived during a little rush so the wait was a bit long but the Poke was really good.  Tried the spicy garlic and the ahi limu and both were good.  Spicy garlic was not that hot so i asked if they could spice it up a bit and they happily did it.  Very happy with the service and the food. Definetly will be back.
This is the only place you need to know to get Hawaiian Poke. There are NO frills at this place. It feels like a wholesale place and that is just fine. The chef and I think owner is really cool. Get him talking and he'll tell you when he goes fishing and when to come in for the crazy fresh stuff. 
It's good to go in, taste the poke flavors that are there and get a small portion of two and a portion of rice- simple.
It's too bad that there are no seats, but it is really just about the poke. Nice to take the kids and have them pick it out and try it and then eat on the concrete tables outside.
So, the nutshell: best pure poke, great "experience" place, closed on Tuesdays so if you accidentally go on a Tuesday, head around the corner to Lee's Sandwich and it will be OK.
On vacation from Chicago and yelped areas to eat.  Saw the great reviews for this Hawaiian spot.  Never had Poke so the wife and I decided to give it a shot. We got the Limu and Garlic style poke. They were incredibly fresh tuna chunks with flavorful seaweed.  Extremely tender and refreshing.  The owner was very friendly and will allow you to sample their items before purchase. I am hooked to this place and considering coming back before my trip home. Great job!
If you like poke and you're in Vegas, you simply HAVE to try this place. They offer many different types of poke, I tried the limu (Hawaiian seaweed) taco poke and limu ahi poke, they are both extremely delicious. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
Very simple and bare bones establishment. I loved the flavor of the spicy ahi poke, great kick.  If I lived nearby, I would totally come back for more. Also, who doesn't love a poke store? There should be one every where.
Located across the street of Wynn from Chinatown where 99 Ranch is located, its a small poke joint that is something we need more of in Vegas. They are the ONLY poke place in the central LV area (that i know of) too. So if you arent SE and N, and have poke express accessible, this is the place to go ! 

They have a large variety of different styles of poke, and if they are out, they'll make more ! Always fresh and wonderfully seasoned. The few times ive been here, i've been trying different ones. To my memory, if it doesnt fail me, ive tried a spicy ahi poke, limu ahi poke, and a shoyu ahi poke. 

Shoyu Ahi Poke is simple. Seasoned with shoyu, and some chopped green onions. Simple but wonderful.

Spicy Ahi Poke is slightly spicy. Seasoned with some chili sauce, chopped green onions and onions. Nice kick. Not too spicy. 

Limu Ahi Poke is one of the hawaiian poke staples. Limu coming from algae or in other words, seaweed, it adds a nice color attribute, as well as a textural crunchy aspect. Together with the chopped green onions, onions, and sauce.. Yummy !  

Good place to check out if you are in the central valley area and craving for some poke like i do sometimes ! Friendly owner ! 

Only downside is parking. Either park on the side in front of other shops or park across the street by 99 ranch and walk over. But its nothing too bad that would stop you from experiencing some yummy poke !
Love that a spot like this exists here. Just a no frills place w a few different types of poke sold by the pound or bowl w rice, just like in Hawaii. 

Too bad I live in the OC where there are only a hand full of places that even serve it this way, and they all charge a lot more per pound for the fancy decor. 

Oh, and I waited a day to make sure I didn't get sick before I posted this. It's all good!
The BEST poke ive ever had, and im from Hawaii! Its so fresh and delicious =) I like that they don't make a big batch and let it sit out, they make it when you order. The poke bowl is so good and very filling. I love the shoyu poke. Simple but goooood.
As a Hawaii local who has been away from the islands for some time I was excited to discover a poke shop here in Vegas. Their claims had reached all my expectations however In the end I found myself disappointed at the quality. They had claimed to have fresh fish but being that i am a fisherman l can tell you it's not as fresh as they claim. It was nothing like hawaii in both taste and preparation. Portion wise I felt ripped off I find them to be a bit greedy at an unreasonable price. For the most part I found this place to be unsatisfying and upsetting imitation to my standard of poke so just a heads up if your expecting it to be like island quality personally it's nothing like hawaii
After several years of getting my Vegas poke from this spot hey always improve and never regress.  Best yet is the prices stay very reasonable for the quality that is served.

Got there today just before closing and without hesitation I received a Hawaiian style "E Komo Mai" greeting.  We talked for a good while and caught up on past times.  I've always felt welcome here which is always appreciated when I'm away from home.

On the menu today was Wakame Poke, an invention by the Mrs. I'm told, which is garnished with sea salt, several types of seaweed, sesame oil, and a few other things I don't know about.   What I do know is that it is ridiculously great!!  The only downside is that I can't get it anywhere else that I know of.

Poke is always freshly made and never sits for long.  Most times it's made to order like today.  

I've become recently aware they won 3rd place overall in a Poke competition held in Huntington Beach, CA.  Congrats to them for that milestone.

Thanks to Hawaiian Style Poke for never disappointing.  See you soon!  A hui ho!
Can't give a proper review or rating just yet since I haven't gotten to try anything. The thing is, I was really looking to try some poke AND bring some back to Cali as this was my last pit stop be4 leaving Vegas and they were CLOSED(for inventory supposedly)! It was like 3pm and their hrs say till 5pm. I would think prior to opening or after closing is the time for that. My wife and I and another local walked up at the same time and were pretty disappointed to see them closed. I guess I'll have to wait till my next trip...
Was super excited about finally trying this place out based on the ratings and reviews on yelp. 

I tried 4 different poke and spicy ahi, shoyu, ahi limu, and oyster poke.

They were all just okay. I mean they were good but I guess I expected something a lot better.  The spicy ahi wasn't spicy enough for me and I've had better shoyu ahi at other places. 

You would think a place that only sold poke would be making an amazing product but it was just average.
I have definitely experienced better. If you want poke, i suggest going somewhere else. It looked fresh and all but the flavor is just not there. The fish just tasted bland. The Hawaiian style poke was missing something. The spicy garlic and spicy poke were just spicy. IT over power any possible flavors.Not sure how this place got great reviews. 
location is hidden too. Not the easy to find. Especially if you are a new transplant to vegas. **points to self**
This is just my opinion. If you want to go try it out for yourself do it. Not everyone has the same taste buds. Mine just doesn't like this place.
Its always nice to find a local spot that has authentic flavors and warm hospitality. I had heard of this place poke-ing around on yelp and decided to give it a try since it's so close to work. I got there an hour before closing, the day after the Pacquiao vs Bradley 2 fight. The owner made me his last customer and whipped up some great poke to-go! This is a great place to cater to a larger party of guests at your house on events or to stop by and grab something light and refreshing for lunch. No tables so don't expect to dine-in.

A couple scoops of rice and Ahi does the body good.

-SCA
The photos don't do this place justice.  It is as good as it gets when it comes to poke.  They are award winning for a reason.  Yummy.
Worst poke I had, not Evan close to Hawaiian style, no rice vinegar, too expensive, not worth going, and rice was hot instead of cold like the "real" poke bowls in Hawaii
I stumbled upon this place and had to give this place a shout out to my 808 O'Hana - the place to go for your polo needs - I bought a few island style Tank Tops so I can rep my island flavah here in Las Vegas :P
It's a small shop, clean with some good hawaiian accessories, shirts, and hawaiian seafood fare - oh, and spam Musubi to go :)
30 May 2014, 11:30a

Hubby and I decided to try this place after our drive from LA to Vegas.  It got high ratings on Yelp and we were in a poke kind of mood.  The restaurant is easy to find and when we arrived, we were welcomed by a bright open space with a large cooling case with a small selection of poke.  The majority of the space is taken up by the kitchen/behind the counter area.  There is also a small gift case and some chips and other munchies hanging on the wall.  A refrigerator also has some Hawaiian Sun and other drinks.

After looking at the Poke Bowl menu, we decided to share:

Furikake Poke
Spicy Ahi Poke
Seaweed Salad

We ordered to go since there wasn't anyplace inside to eat and it was 100 degrees outside.  When we started eating, I noticed that the cold poke was placed on top of hot rice so the bottom of the fish started to cook.  I also noticed there was not much fish and about 5 times as much rice.  The poke bowls are $8.95 and a pound of poke is ~$14.  Based on the amount of fish we got, we would've been much better off ordering by the pound.

The seaweed salad was 2oz and $3.95.  Definitely not worth the price.

The poke itself wasn't bad, but definitely not worth the price they are charging.  We won't be back.
Awesome poke! Always get the ahi shoyu, limu tako, and hanalei poi! Yuuuuummm! Way better than those other poke places! This place tastes like home! Always friendly service and awesome poke. We go there at least once a week! Love it!
After coming back from eating a lot of ahi poke in kaua'i I found this place on yelp.  I go there and it looks like they are sold out.  Dennis the owner said he can make it to order so I order three pounds spicy, shoyu, and limu.  So far I ate about a pound and a half and I would say it is good.  Also Dennis is a nice guy.
If you love poke this is the place to go!  They have a variety to choose from and the fish is fresh!  We couldn't decide on what to buy so we bought tako poke, shoyu poke, hawaiian style ahi poke, spicy ahi mix, spicy garlic and limu. I must say they were all to die for!  We eat our poke with rice so when we saw they had poke bowls for $8.75...we knew we scored!  They also sell sides like spicy cucumber salad, fresh seaweed salad and poi. If you like Hawaiian Sun drinks they carry a wide variety of flavors like guava, liliko'i, mango, lychee, hawaiian punch and many many more! The owner, Dennis is really nice too! He told us that he had competed in a poke competition in Huntington Beach, CA placing third place!  That should tell you something!  He makes all the poke daily.  They are located behind the main plaza in Chinatown.
Liked this place. Went on a Sunday so the guy didn't make much because he said their slow on Sundays. We tried a little bit of everything and liked it. I would have given more stars but the service was bad, maybe the guy was in a bad mood, not sure. Make sure you have somewhere to eat after you buy the poke unless you want to eat outside in the Vegas heat! No indoor seating. Would recommend you come here to pick up poke because overall the food was good.
The fish are fresh sashimi grade, but definitely not of high grade fish as some Yelpers mentioned, hence the bland fish taste which depends on seasoning.

Limu poke mixed with spicy poke is just right.  Limu style is mixed with raw onion, tiny bits of crunchy dark seaweed, sesame, mixed in sesame oil.  Shoyu poke was so-so compared to Limu.  Spicy was all heat by itself and lack flavor, but perfect when it's mixed with another flavor.  

Also bought a $20lb bag of opihi, little abalone looking shellfish from Oahu, each is the size of a dollar coin.  Owner recommended this native Hawaiian delicacy.  To enjoy, rinse under cold water, drain, sprinkle on some Hawaiian sea salt (ask the owner), spoon out the meat from the side and enjoy.  It's one of the most interesting exotic food I've ever tried.  Out of the entire bag of 40-50 pieces, only 4 pieces were not edible, which is expected given it's raw shellfish.

There is no indoor seating, so best order tubs to go with side orders or rice in separate containers.

The map on Yelp is wrong, the establishment is across the street on the southeast side of Wynn.

Glad to have found this hole in the wall of deliciousness through Yelp!
THE INCIDENT
I found Island Flavor by mistake one day while getting gas at the local Short Line Express.  It just so happens while I was at the pump, I miraculously look away from the ever-changing numbers of the digital LCD and see "GRAND OPENING" for a Hawaiian themed restaurant.   It must have been fate that I saw it or close enough for me to see since I'm near blind as a bat.  Hmm, Hawaiian sounded good to me that night...yummo!  So, since I paid for my gas w/my debit card, I trudged my rear end into the Short Line Express for a pack of cigs and to ask the store clerk if she thought the restaurant was any good.  In her thick Asian accent, "Oh yes!  Vewwy goo!!!  Goo, goo."  Sho'nuff, she was right!!  

THE PARKING LOT
Because I'm lazy, I drive from the convenience store to Island Flavor, which is in the same parking lot, possibly 100 feet away.  HEY, they made cars for a reason!!!!!

Island Flavor is on the right side of a strip mall next to Short Line Express convenience store.  The strip mall also houses a dance studio, massage parlor, Familia Pizzeria (I just posted a review for this one), and some other small businesses.  If you are looking for an easy way to find it while driving, look for Bomas Bar & Grill.  Island Flavor is fairly new, in fact, I had to "Add a Business" on Yelp to review it.  When I got into the restaurant the server told me it just opened back in October 2008.

THE DECOR
Anyways, once inside there wasn't much ambiance.  I think they're still trying to find their niche to whom they will identify with.  Though, the waitresses did wear floral blouses with dark trousers.  In the center of the restaurant sits a large square granite bar which looks like it was supposed to be a hibachi grill or regular bar.  There's no alcohol back there or any cooking utensils.  Who knows?  I only know this because I chose to sit up there while I waited for my (take out) food; I didn't want to disturb any of the waitresses' clean tables.  Around the bar, there sits about a dozen or so plain dining tables.  

THE MENU
Ahh...this is what you really want to read...They serve all of the traditional island fare from...ahi, burgers, chicken katsu, KALUA PIG, kalbi ribs, loco moco, mixed plates, saimin, teriyaki.  For my fellow SPAM lovers, I did NOT see musubi.  Maybe we have to ask?  Okay, so this is how I judge Hawaiian restaurants...kalua pig.  Theirs was EXCELLENT, BOMB SHIZZLE, FANeff'NTASTIC!  The downside...their prices are a tid bit higher ($1-2 more) than your other Hawaiian restaurants.  To me, it's still worth it.  I guess you figured out what I ordered for take out, Kalua Pig (no cabbage) w/rice and a side of brown gravy.  The total was $10.51 w/tax included.

THE HOURS TO COME BY
Monday-Friday 11am-9pm
Saturday           11am-8pm
Sundays & Holidays Closed

THE CONCLUSION
When we dine or get take out here again, I'll update this review to include more of their menu.  Support the locals, this place impressed me with their food.  Oh yeah, my bf who had my leftovers thought it was EXCELLENT, BOMB SHIZZLE, FANeff'NTASTIC as well!
There are many Hawaiian restaurants in Vegas, and it's a competitive cuisine to be in.  Island Flavor has every right to be confident that they will be sticking around.

The Husband first mentioned this place after he saw the sign go up replacing Pho 777.  And he's been there a handful of times before I got a chance to check this place out.

The first time he went, he was told to order the special and did as he was told.  He remembers it being really good and was telling me all about it.

The first time I went was to grab a spam musubi to go.  It was pretty busy and I was intrigued.  (The spam musubi was good too.)

The next time the Husband stopped by for a to go order and brought home the special that had chicken in it.  I remember trying some and thought it was good, although we weren't too happy about the mac salad.  Also brought home a spam musubi too.

When I finally had a chance to have a sit down meal there, I ordered the combo ($9.75) of Kalbi Short Ribs "Tender short ribs marinated in our Korean sauce & broiled to perfection" and the Furikake Shrimp "Jumbo shrimp coated with panko and furikake fried golden brown and served with oriental sauce."  It came with two scoops of rice and mac salad.  What an order it was!  Generous portions of three slabs of short ribs and so yummy!  The three shrimps were also a good size and had a nice crust because of the panko.  I was pleased.  It was definitely a lot, and you will need a box for leftovers.  The mac salad tasted a lot better this time around too.

The  Husband got the combo of Kalbi Short Ribs and Hawaiian Style Roast Pork "Served open face topped with our homemade gravy" and it was a large size order too.  Also served with two scoops of rice and mac salad.  They definitely make sure you don't go hungry here.  He ate up the whole thing himself, and left with a full belly.

As we were leaving, the Husband mentioned it would just be awesome if they offered dessert.  I told him they did, I saw it on the menu!  I think the next time around he may just save a bit of room for a sweet finish.  I wish they offered my favorite - Pork Lau Lau!

Overall, food is good and generous.  Service comes with a smile and you definitely feel at home here.  They get a lot of business, whether it's the weekend or a week night.  The owner told us they have two restaurants already on the Big Island, so they know what makes a restaurant successful here.  When you're dining in, you feel like everyone knows each other already.  It's a nice feeling.

They have coupons available on entertainmentbook.com, which we used.  The owner also mentioned they have coupons available on restaurant.com too so we should look into that as well.  (How sweet is it that they tell you about their coupons?!)

This place will be sticking around - check it out for nicer, more authentic Hawaiian fare.

(Pics posted!)
I would drive by 10 Aloha Kitchens to get to this place.

This is THE best Hawaiian food I've had here in Vegas, and I've been to 10-15 different places. The decor and enviornment is very authentic and homey. Most of the staff and chefs are all family, so you can sense a great connection between them. The portions are very very big, often hard to finish, but then again not because it is just that good. As with the other reviewer, you know a Hawaiian joint knows what they're doing when their Kahlua Pig is good. And hot damn! It was extremely tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned. The chicken katsu is a big juicy piece of white meat, perfectly fried and cooked, with great sauce. My buddy, who was born and raised in Hawaii, had the hamburger steak and korean chicken. He claims its the closest it gets to food he remembers from Hawaii. Mac salad? Its good, but nothing special. This place is comfort food at its best. It hit such a sweet spot that it was the first time in a long time where I actually went out of my way to tell everyone I knew about this place. And that's saying something.
I've only eaten here once, but I'm already a huge fan.  I had the Hawaiian plate, which consists of Pork Lau Lau, I think it's called Ahi Poke salad, some other salad, haupia... and of course rice and mac salad.  Everything was top notch and tremendously enjoyable.  To top it off, the people working there are just extremely friendly and welcoming.  I must eat here more often!
Absolutely the best place I've ever had plate lunch.  Yes, we'd been working out and yes we were starving, but I still know good food when I taste it.

The furikake shrimp were perfectly crunchy on the outside and perfectly moist on the inside.  The mac salad MIGHT have been as good as mine.  The kalbi ribs were... Kalbi ribs.  Honestly with the bottled marinades these days even chain restaurants have a tough time screwing those up.

I don't venture near Vegas very often, but I'm ready to go back.  You just don't get food like this around here!
i've only eaten here once as well, but i'm a huge fan too. this place was recommended to us by a friend who is a hawaiian native living in vegas.

 i'm actually going to get some togo tonight. i was craving good hawaiian food and kalbi ribs, they did a good job. they give you four ribs with generous amount of meat on the ribs perfectly paired with two scoops of sticky white rice and mac salad. Mmmm. their salads are pretty good. no chopped up iceberg here. You'll be served a bowl of fresh greens with a slice of purple yam and crunchy fried wontons on top. Love the friendly atmosphere. 

other hawaiian chain restaurants claiming to be "ono" just don't compare. give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
I love the food here.  Reminds me of being back home on the Big Island of Hawaii.  I'm working my way through the menu and have tried almost everything on it including some of the specials.  I LOVE THIS PLACE.  It isn't your normal main land Hawaii food place.  If you go to hawaii, our menus are not made up of just teriaki, musubis, katsu, and native Hawaiian food (lau lau, kalua pig etc.) Of course not! We have roast beef and hamburger steaks and all kinds of things from around the world.  The thing is, we have our own way for cooking them with our own flavor.  Thats what this place is all about!  It takes foods from different cultures in Hawaii and gives it that made in Hawaii taste.  So from misoyaki opakapaka to korean chicken to ox tail you can get a real Hawaii restaurant feel (Big Island style anyways).  The best Hawaii food spot in vegas I've eaten at so far.  Aloha kitchen is a joke, L & L is imitation, Ross J's is GREAT, but this place this the BEST! (Note: sometimes the gravey salty, meant to be eaten with lots of rice, sooooo gooood!)PS dessert is good too!
Wow. This place is amazing! 

A few people at work keep telling me about this place. I swing by on a Thursday around early evening time to try it out. The inside of the restaurant looked like a place I would see in Hawaii. It wasn't over done but it was nice. The place looks like it could fit 100 people easily. What did scare me was the place was empty. Well, when I first walked in, I did see some ladies sitting on a table... but to my surprise they were the cooks and help just sitting around waiting for hungry patrons like me.

After telling them I wanted to order to go, they handed me a regular menu menu with daily specials and let me at it. They had the typical things you would see on any Hawaiian restaurant menu. What thing I did notice is that they didn't have any Spam entrees. After a good five minutes of looking over the menu, I decided on the following:

Beef Teriyaki Steak - (Bottom sirloin marinated with our special Asian sauce then broiled to perfection and sliced thin - $8.75) Wow. When they say Steak, they mean it! I have never seen Beef Teriyaki so large. Its like regular Beef Teri on steroids! Check out my pictures on how huge the portions are. The beef was tender and flavorful. I would definitely order this again.

Hawaiian Style Roast Pork - (Cooked local style with Hawaiian salt, cracked black pepper, sliced thin and topped with our rich homemade brown gravy - $8.25) Yum! What makes this dish work is the homemade brown gravy. The roast port was tender and soft. Large portions as well. Great dish. I would definitely order this again as well.

Korean Chicken - (Golden fried drumettes $ wings tossed in our delicious Korean sauce - $8.75) Yay! This dish was awesome as well. When I first cracked open the box, I just saw crispy chicken wings. I scooped some rice and pick up a piece with my fork and placed the chicken on my plate. I licked my fork and damn.... it was over. Just the taste on the fork was really really good. I had to dig in. So many flavors hitting my taste buds! I love this dish! Would definitely order again.

Each dish comes with two scoops of rice and a side mac salad. The mac salad was good as well. Overall.... I love this place! The food is awesome. The portions are large the price is comparable to other Hawaiian joints. I would seriously recommend this place to my friends and everyone else who reads these reviews. You will not be disappointed. 

Pictures included!
Best oxtail soup in town!  Only place I've seen carry chantilly cake.  Furikake shrimp is bomb!
Imma keep is short and simple. This place rocks. Best hawaii cuisine in Las Vegas. Period.
Best Hawaiian food on the Mainland that I've had.

Came in on a Friday and had one of their specials:

Pork LauLau, Ahi Poke, Rice, Macaroni salad, Haupia..

Generous servings all around, that includes the Poke that came with it!  I was able to split the plate with my husband and both of us walked out full.  Everyone is greeted with a smile and warm hospitality.
We try to keep the review short today!  This place is "Brok' da mout!"  Forget L&L or Ohana Hawaiian BBQ...you want the closest to genuine Hawaiian food?  You gotta come to Island Flavor!  Even the owners from Hawaii!  Big Island to be exact.

This place is phenomenal for local island food, the portions are local too...HUGE!  We had enough leftovers for another meal that's how much food you get.  Island Flavor is actually only 4-5 miles away from my house but we never came around to eating there.  Finally tried it because of my coupon from Restaurant.com.  Be sure if you go you are hungry cause these folks don't skimp!  You walk out hungry, you definitely went to the wrong place.  Four of us went, and four of us walked out stuffed with a doggie bag in tow.  If you don't like white rice (what kine' Hawaii local are you?) then don't come here you crazy carb-conscious workoutaholics!

Hawaiian food is usually a mix of cultures, Hawaiian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Filipino all combined.  Island Flavor's food made me fond of days spent home on Maui.  I had the Mixed Plate ($9.75) of  Teriyaki Steak and Teriyaki Chicken.  Their homemade teriyaki sauce was just right, not too sweet and not too runny.  Perfect for mixing with your rice and macaroni salad.  Macaroni salad with pepper and tabasco...yum!  The steak was tender even though it wasn't a very expensive cut (sirloin) and cooked great with a lil' pink inside.  Chicken thighs were big and moist.  The gf had the Mixed Plate ($9.75) of Chicken Katsu and Hawaiian Style Roast Pork.  There must have been 3 large rows of katsu, enough to share!  They were fried just right too, not heavy or soggy at all.  The roast pork was juicy and the brown gravy wasn't from a box, very succulent.  The kids shared a Mixed Plate ($9.75) of Korean Chicken and Kalbi Ribs, and Chicken Katsu Loco Moco ($8.75).  The Korean Chicken is so ONO!  Those golden fried wings with their special Korean sauce was addictive!  Very good!  The Kalbi was great as well, their marinade pretty close to what I remember as a kid, lots of sweet from the sugar and soy sauce and grilled on an open flame.  The Chicken Katsu Loco Moco was a big gut-buster.  A massive portion of rice (like 4 scoops) topped with chicken katsu, two eggs (sunny side up in this case...alright!) and their homemade brown gravy.  It's like heaven and hell on a plate at the same time!  Definitely not a calorie or cholesterol counter.  But oh so yummy!  

They serve lots of other things local Hawaii people love, Kalua Pig & Cabbage, Poke, Spam Musubi, and Pork Won Tons.  They also have oxtail soup, saimin, and burgers.

Needless to say, we did not finish all of our food and ended up taking half of each of our dishes home.  The leftovers were good reheated too the next day.  Just don't heat up your macaroni salad!  No good on that one.
Delicious. I can't decide if I like this place more than Ross J's however. I have to try more dishes before I make the judgment. 

Food: I had the Chicken katsu/ hamburger steak mix combo. The chicken katsu was definitely better than what you'd get at L&L or Aloha kitchen. Juicy white meat pieces and a good sauce. The hamburger steak was the real winner for me. The patty was well seasoned, but the brown gravy was what made it. You could tell that they made their gravy from scratch not not a box like some places *cough*L&L*cough*. 

Service: The lady was really nice and attentive. She seated us and took our order right away. I did wait a little bit for a drink refill though. 

Misc: Its pretty nice inside. They have a bar eating area with a flat screen TV to watch. We used a coupon from Restaurant.com to get our food for cheaaaaap which made this meal even better. I'll be back real soon. -1 star however because the mac salad here sucks. Its like they put boiled egg yolk into it. Weird taste and texture.
This is where I'm going now on for my local Hawaii food cravings! The best local food on the mainland for sure.  IThis place outbeats any in LA. It's only been opened for 14 months. I think I'll be eating here at least couple times a month while I'm working out here in Vegas.

I had the portuguese bean soup (very generous with their ham and portuguese sausage), kalbi (onolicious) and furikake shrimp(I'm not a fried food fan but this was pretty good). I'm not a fan of mac salad either but this place makes a good one.

Then I ordered the chantilly cake to go. It's pretty close to the Liliha bakery one which btw is my favorite cake of all time.

I was pretty amazed I ate more than half my plate because mixed plates are pretty big in size. The owner and people who work there are from the Big Island. This place made me miss home....
We love Hawaii & of course the food.  This is so authentic & no one will go away without leftovers.  So many people came in for takeout & as the plates came by with other people's food, I gawked as everything looked good & huge.  We came behind 6 other groups so it took a little longer for our food to come but when my kalbi with salad & rice ($9.75) & my son's furikake shrimp & chicken teri with mac & rice came ($9.25), all was good.  We had enough for a whole next meal.  Mahalo.
Love this place! Awesome korean chicken and kalbi. Yum!
This establishment has a very casual mom and pops feel to it. The food has the same kind of vibe. 

I stopped by only because i was airing up my tires and gassing up at the Chevron.

The menu doesn't have much of a selection which hurts variety but the prep time was pretty fast.

I've never had authentic Hawaiian food so i didnt know what to expect but the beef and the korean chicken i ordered had a very home style taste.

I'd likely not return due to personal preference but would recommend this place to others
This is now my go-to Hawaiian place. I have tried the loco moco, the katsu loco moco, the ahi poke furikake style, short ribs, and the kalua pig and cabbage. All are better than what I've had at L&L BBQ or Aloha Kitchen and the portions are triple what you get at the other places. Great Service as well.
Comparing this place to the other hawaiian places on this side of town, this one is by far the best in the west. (Ross J's is best in the east). The portions are large and the choices are many. I have a few friends that are familiar with true hawaiian cuisine and this place is their favorite. 

I typically have the mix plate which gives you the opportunity to try the teriyaki, short ribs, chicken katsu, spicy korean chicken........etc. All the meat choices have been fantastic. 

I have gone there for breakfast a couple times and the french toast and loco moco are tremendous.
Probably the best local food in town.  HUGE portions that i always have to take home and enjoy the next day.  the Friday special of Lau Lau poke rice and mac salad with haupia cannot be beat. Even the basics like Loco Moco was delicious. one of the very few places in Vegas that seasons the meat patty.   Although the korean fried chicken was a little too sweet theres not much i can complain about with Island Flavor.
a little on the pricey side of local food but the portions are huge so it makes up for it.

recommended if you want some local hawaiian food
A return visit to this neighborhood gem definitely did not disappoint!

My mom was easily sold when she saw Oxtail Soup on the menu!  (No more waiting for California Hotel's Market Street Cafe's late night menu to be available!)

* Oxtail Soup "Fresh beef oxtail cooked with ginger until tender." ($9.25) - Sure, it's a bit more expensive than Market Street Cafe's, but we're saving on gas money here! And it's available during the day - big plus!  It comes with two scoops of rice and a scoop of mac salad, so that's always nice.  The oxtail was tender and flavorful, which is super important - and she got a bit more oxtail here too.  It has honking slices of ginger in it, so it has a gingerly broth flavor.  But the best part of all - we don't have to deal with the grumpy service we got over in downtown.

Meanwhile, I was super excited that I came on a Friday to order: 

* Aloha Friday Special "Lau lau served with poke, lomi lomi salmon, haupia, steamed rice, & macaroni salad." ($9.75) - For under $10, I got a lot of food.  The customary two scoops of rice and scoop of mac salad AND poke AND lomi lomi salmon AND dessert!!  And the pork lau lau was ono delicious!  

You can't go wrong at Island Flavor, we're glad it's in our neighborhood and definitely hope they stick around.

Their only downfall - they are closed on Sundays and Mondays!  (And three weeks in a row, the Husband has wanted to go and I had to remind him that it was Sunday or Monday.)
Definitely the bomb. If you like meat and hawaiian style meats this is the place to go. This place is just like Da Kitchen on Maui except better.

After a long day of hiking at Red Rock, hubby and I stopped by here for dinner. When you walk in, you're not immediately greeted. Instead I got the feeling that you're supposed to be like family and seat yourself. The environment is pretty laid back. I actually felt like I was in Hawaii.

I ordered a combo with Korean short ribs and Hawaiian style pork. It included a fat piece of the tender pork and 5 pieces of short ribs. SO good and  very very very generous portions. Flavor was all there. I didn't touch the two scoops of rice. Macaroni salad was typical.

Hubby ordered short ribs and katsu. Katsu was well fried with a crispy outside.

I would definitely come back here again.

Don't forget the restaurant.com coupon!
this place reminds me of hawaii.

When you're sitting down, it feels like the beach is just outside... but its not.  I'll keep dreaming for now.

The portions are huge and pretty good.

What makes it Hawaiian is the workers.  They're all probably from there and just seeing them interact makes you feel you're back at the islands.  I don't know what it is but the aura they give off is very authentic.

Of course, its really good food.  Reminds me of a Hawaiian place I ate at back in Maui.
Yah! I'm a fan..... but too much food for me :(

I love their Friday lunch special and Loco Moco (something like that - sorry! I'm not very good at their names) 
BUT BUT banana pudding!!! It's a must you should try out, very delicious very very great! 

-- They close on Monday;
-- Take credit cards;
-- maybe good for groups but call 1st;
-- personally personally I think it's better order on the phone before you plan to go, cuz not that fast as you think;
-- all home-made, fresh, that's the reason takes time to cook :)

Overall, I'll definitely go back again & soon!!!!!

Try it out.. and let me know :)
I'll start and end on a good note. The price is low.

After reading the high praise this place (just down the street from me) got, I was excited to try it out. I ordered the Mixed Plate with Kalbi and Chicken Katsu. One thing many people have said about this place is the large serving size. I figured, by ordering the mix plate (choice of two items), I would definitely be able to bare witness to the large portions. I was mistaken. They made it look heaping, but it was an illusion. All in all, there were 5 short ribs, and 7 small strips of chicken.

It didn't get any better with taste. Okay, the Kalbi was okay, but I have, without a doubt, had better. My wife and in-laws are Korean. It's hard to beat authentic Korean Kalbi. So, I'm willing to let the Island Flavor slide on that. I can't, however, give any slack on the chicken. There was more breading than chicken, and it didn't have ANY flavor, let alone Island flavor. I'm guessing this is why they give you the small little cup of dipping sauce. After taking a bite into the unnaturally crispy strip, you can vaguely see a sliver of chicken.

The fries are good. But I don't visit restaurants just for their fries, except maybe Gordon Biersch.
We went here on the recommedation of a friend of ours. She's originally from Hawai'i and she said it was close to what it tastes like "Back Home". I've been to Hawai'i but don't remember the cuisine so I had to go on her word lol, whoops!

We Ordered:
1. Poke (Shoyu)
2. Saimin Soup
3. Loco Moco
4. Kona Coffee Mud Pie

Poke is very flavorful and it being an appetizer, we were expecting it to be very small, which it was not. It was enough for me and the guy I married to share.

Saimin Soup, man, there was a lot of flavor that I was not expecting! First off it was a large bowl, and there was so much in the soup by my standards. Wontons, the pink & white fish patty thingies (I don't like 'em but they're always in Saimin), and the noodles. The broth was so tasty! I was expecting it to be bland, considering the broth was very clear, but it was so flavorful, yummy!!! 

Loco Moco, gees, this thing is huge and yummy! Enough said.

Kona Coffee Mud Pie, OMG... I love coffee ice cream and this is so MUCH better! Topped with whipped cream, macadamia nuts. 

The service is also a thumbs up! They're all so welcoming, very attentive and always really sweet when we come in. 

Yes, I'd recommend this place to friends and fam. Yes, we would go back, and have repeatedly.
So we got one of those gift cards off restaurants.com, however I did not realize that with a $25 gift card we had to actually purchase $40 worth of food!  

So needless to say, we got hella food, the poke was very ono, probably my favorite part of the meal.  Their fried chicken was really tender with a sweet taste and their opakapaka was very tasty.  I really felt like we were in Hawaii!

I didn't get to try the Kalua Pig or the Katsu, but next time I'm out there we sure will!
Love this place! Everytime I come here from L.A I always make it a point to eat here. 

You have to eat the Loco Moco the best I've ever had and it's "HUGE" also the Kalbi is great also. I am a huge Hawaiian food fan and there's nothing like this in L.A!!!
i went cause i was craving some chicken katsu

i was disappointed by theirs cause it was fried wayy to much for my liking. I like GOLDEN brown not DARK brown. there was a lot of it but thats about it. 

The rice was soggy. but the mac salad was decent. 

I will try the other items and update if  they are better.
Best Hawaiian food in Vegas.. Hawaiian plate on Friday only, lau lau, poke, haupia, mac salad, rice for under 10 bucks. Big portions!! Roast is another favorite. Friendly staff
One of the main reasons I started to be proactive with reviewing on Yelp was because of this place. Over a year ago, after my first visit here, I was so pleased with my dining experience at Island Flavor I felt this place deserved to be found out about. 

I've been here now well over 30 or so times, and have tried about 90% of the menu. Everything has remained consistent including the food and service. Only change is they are now getting busier, it's often hard to get a seat! 

My favorite dishes to date are the kalua pig, chicken katsu, korean chicken, Lau Lau, oxtail soup and the poki is great. 

Things I personally have come not to like are the roast pork loco moco and the fried rice with Portuguese sausage, both a little too salty for my tastes, but many other people seem to enjoy them.

Perhaps my favorite part of being a regular at this restaurant is the overall family atmosphere which is very welcoming and relaxing. I'm always treated like I'm one of their own.

If you still haven't been here, there's a serious problem.
The Bkgd - Tired of usual food options..so thanks to yelp arrived here...

The Point - Good, simple, heavy, large potion food =) A perfect fix for lunch & leftovers for dinner. Nice friendly/chill ppl along w/ nice music.

~The Order~
Hawaiian Plate - $9.75
*  Homemade Lau lau, 2 scoops rice, ahi poke, salmon, haupia & mac salad. Take that!
* Real good portions and a nice mix of food. The Poke & salmon was my fav.
* The Lau lau (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lau_lau) had pork I think & fish?  was good portions a bit dry but still good. 
*And so was the desert thingy..(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haupia) i usually don't like coconut..but my taste buds made an exceptions because I finished it all. 
* Perfect leftovers

Mixed Plate of Shrimp & Teriyaki Chicken ~ $9.75
* BF got ~ 5 fried shrimp & ~5 chicken thighs w/ yummy sauce
* he can eat and he still had leftovers

Overall reminded me of a local place my friend's family took us in honolulu...but here
Def. will be back to try to ribs & Ox Tail next time....
This place is definitely a good chowdown place (although in general, Hawaiian places tend to be chowdown places).

When you come here, it is not a fine dining experience. I mean, this is grubbing, stick-to-your-ribs, need-to-wear-pants-with-elastic-band-before-coming kind of food.

There are a couple of things are worth mentioning. 

The salads - most notably the fried poke and teriyaki chicken salad are excellent. It's hard to get tuna cooked right - meaty, tender red on the inside, seared perfectly on the outside. Those luscious cubes of fish really made this dish shine. Grilled teriyaki chicken thighs had a nice char on the outside without making it too dry. Perfection. Served on a bed of romaine with a side of tomato, cucumber, purple sweet potato  and fried wonton chips- this salad is not a light affair with its creamy sesame dressing. Normally, I order this salad with the dressing on the side and leave most of the chips next to it.

Chicken katsu was crispy on the outside, moist on the inside. The amount given is rather astounding - 3 fillets served with scoops of rice and macaroni salad. (One of our friends who loves to eat very light, was addicted to the macaroni salad. It was like watching a crack addict after a long period of abstinence.)

Steak and onions were packed with flavour. The steak was juicy and perfectly cooked to a medium to medium rare.

The only thing I didn't find that appetizing was their roasted pork dish. The gravy was overwhelming although the pork did have a nice flavour to it. If it wasn't for the gravy, the dish would have been infinitely better.

Portions are really big - bring friends. I'm serious. 3 dishes could easily feed 4 really hungry people or 5 not-so-hungry people.
Island Flavor really is a great find for my Hubby (who is Hawaiian) and me!  The food here is as authentic as it can get without flying to Hawaii :)  We'll have to try their menu slowly since we have to share one item each time because the portions are just Humongous! Love love love  the Chicken Katsu Moco :)
I would give this place 5 stars, but I had to deduct a star because the food is just way too salty for me.  No need for soy sauce.  But I am definitely a fan!  I love their ahi poke!!!!  I just wished they served lomi lomi everyday and not just on Fridays.
I had their combo. Kalbi + chicken katsu.

The kalbi was little bit salty, and the katsu sauce was salty too.
Their service was really good.

HOWEVER, a HUUUUUUGE HOWEVER, their food was really good none the less.

First of all, you're eating the food with rice and their amazingly delicious macaroni salad, so that kind of evens out.  Their  signage is pretty small, and it can be easily missed, as I missed it, and had to bust a U at the Chevron gas station. It's located right next to the gas station mall strip.

Next time I'm in vegas, I want to come back.
Not so very impressed with Island Flavor. The Kalua pig was bland, saimen was sort of gummy,fishy and bland also. The chicken Katsu was chewy and gristly and lacked in flavor as well. My husband and I agreed the Katsu sauce was yummy, but the food should have been better. Don't think we'll be back.  I was so excited to find a Hawaiian place with such excellent reviews, but don't see what all the hype is about.
My absolute favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas. I am not Hawaiian but love Hawaiian food. Since living in Vegas, Ive eaten at tons of different Hawaiian restaurants. Most of the time when one opens the food will be really good, then all of a sudden the quality goes down the tubes and it becomes just like the rest of them. 

Island Flavor is the shiznittle bam. It reminds me of north shore shack in Honolulu(which isn't on north shore. The Kalbi is the best in the city. Its hard to find good kalbi. The only thing is the musubi, its always gone when i get there. One day though. The service is always really good, even on busy nights. Personable and relaxed. If you don't know, now u do. If you haven't been, then you should!
I would give them a 3.5 if I had the option. We split the teriyaki steak with rice & macaroni and also the furikake shrimp with rice & side salad. We phoned in our order and were a little disappointed that they didn't have mashed potatoes as a sub for the rice on one of our orders, it is on the menu.
I zipped over and picked up our order and shot home to the wife with a bag full of Hawaiian goodies. The teriyaki steak was good but nothing out of this world... maybe I was looking for a tad more flavor from the meat. Don't get me wrong, the steak was good, but could've used a little seasoning and to be less reliant on the teriyaki alone. The rice was good sticky rice and the macaroni was pretty good too.
The furikake shrimp was a good size portion, 7 large butterflied shrimp, but was a bit on the overcooked size and a noticeable dark brown was given to the panko crumbs. Again, good sticky rice and my wife enjoyed the side salad.
Island Flavor did nothing wrong and we would try them again in the future but nothing really stood out to us as being out of this world. Maybe we should try eating in next time?
This place is some good eating...The prices for a  plate is about $8.00 to $10.00...I know it's a few bucks more than what you would pay else where for a Hawaiian mix plate but with the amount of food they give you and the quality , it is totally worth it!!!!
It's because of Yelp once again that I found this place and may I say "Thanks, Yelp!!"
 =Fried rice/eggs/Portuguese sausage- (smothered in Tabasco)
Oh hell yeah..A true Islander Breakfast
=Kalbi,Chop steak, Furikake shrimp,Korean Chicken Wings (I hate wings and drums) but I ate theirs and will continue to eat theirs- ALL YUMMY!
            -THEY NEED TO OPEN ON SUNDAY & MONDAY-
Those are my days off and I can hardly go there on other days , I don't live  close to them. 
Dessert- They have the best Chantilly Cake -I have tried alot of others and theirs is so far the best-hands down!!
The Banana Bread that they sell on the counter near the cash register is really good as well...
The salad that they give you if you don't want macaroni salad is awsome- There is taro, wonton chips, tropical creamy dressing on top of greens-YUM!! Yup, as you can read I highly reccomend this place...   (1 star off for being closed on Sunday & Monday)
The best hawaiian food ever!!  My husband and I have been religiously coming here just about every weekend.  Their portions are so big that we usually order one entree and share it and we still can't  finish it.  Our fave is their Lau Lau which is usually served on Fridays and they do run out pretty quickly so I recommend going early before its all gone.  

This place is definitely on top of my list!!!
Oh Island Flavor, I love you so, but hate you at the same time.  My experience with eating a loco moco will never be the same.  Your roasted pork loco moco was absolutely to die for!  Even after my boyfriend and I split the one order that arrived in a huge pho bowl, we still were absolutely stuffed!  

Their poke is also good as ever, I recommend getting it furkake style.
Food was phenomenal! It really hit the spot from a hot & busy day filled with errands!! Highly recommend the Fried Ahi Poke for all you Poke Lovers out there. It's different but explosion of flavors hits your tongue. This is definitely not our last time eating here!!

I gave it 4 stars only because there was no diaper changing station in the restroom. It seems like a family oriented place you'd figured they have one in there!
Great place for authentic Hawaiian food.  Service staff is also very good and friendly.  The portions are huge and great for 2 people.
As for the food:
- Loco Moco - very tasty.  Probably the second best after a dish I ordered at a Cafe in Hawaii
- Fried Rice (one of the specials of the day) - good but probably would order something more authentic Hawaiian next time.

I would definitely come back here again and want to try more of their Hawaiian dishes and will post another review next time I visit.

We also ordered an order of the spam masubi;however, it was pre-made and pre-wrapped.  I would have given this place 5 stars if their masubi was made fresh
This place is a freakin joke. The food sucks even if you're Really hungry .Chewy meat with gristles, where do they get this cheap meat? Place sucks . I had like two bites, then tossed it out.
i wished they had  opened a little closer towhere the bus goes through, coz they are the BOMB...ONOLICIOUS!!! everything they had was good, the price is a little to pricey but for what they serve and cook, it is well Worth buying!!! keep it up guys.
As everyone mentions - portions are really large. For the money, you're getting quite a bit of food. I loved the homey atmosphere and our waitress was very sweet & friendly. 

Fried poke salad ($10.25) - I was feeling adventurous. I can't say I enjoyed this very much but I guess it's more just my weird tastes. So I love seared tuna and I imagined it'd be like this. The problem with poke is each piece is a different size so the cooking is really uneven. Some pieces were burnt and grey and dry, some were pink and pretty, some weren't cooked at all, etc. I should have realized this before I ordered but that's my loss !

Hawaiian mixed plate - we got this with double rice, kalbi short ribs and kahlua pork. My husband was so ecstatic - the first place we've found where you can get the pork with no cabbage mixed in! This was tasty but not as fatty and wonderful as the pork in Hawaii. The kalbi ribs were incredible, husband declared them best ever. Delicious! 

We'll return - and we'll be getting a big ole platter of kalbi short ribs next time !
Island Flavor Island Style!

Exactly what everyone says... HUGE portions of food like home for a good price!

LOVE IT!
Food was really, REALLY good, but I wasn't feeling the aloha spirit.  Server was a bit rude.  LOVED the desserts... I got Pineapple Coconut ice cream and enjoyed it so much I went out and found it in pints at the store.  My date bought the chantilly cake which was amazing.  This place is on the other side of town, so I'll prolly come back occasionally for the food and maybe just get it as take out.
The only thing bad about this place is that it will ruin other Hawaiian places for you. I can't eat at L&L or Aloha Kitchen anymore... They always seem seriously lacking compared to Island Flavor.

This place makes me glad that Vegas is the "9th island"

Also get the banana bread by the cash register (when they have it)
Ate here during a recent stay in Sin City.  Heard about it through a co-worker and am glad I made the trek out to this place.  Oxtail soup was really tasty.  Loco Moco was a handmade/seasoned patty and portions size was exceptional.  But the Haiwaiian style roasted pork with gravy that a co-worker got was EXCELLENT.  So much that I regretted getting the Loco Moco which was very good in itself.  It does get busy so arrive early or late if you don't want to wait.

It's location is a bit of a drive off the strip but worth it.  As good as it gets for Island food.

5 Stars!!
Island Flavor and I have gotten to know each other pretty well over the past year or so.  Always in search of good local food, Island Flavor has become king of Las Vegas as far as I'm concerned.  First L&L...then Aloha Kitchen...and Ross J's...it was like climbing the ladder of local food with each one being better than the last.  And at the top was Island Flavor.  Entrees under $9.  Gigantic portions that will feed you for two meals.  Delicious, consistent food.  Make you feel-at-home service.  This place really has all of the ingredients for creating a regular customer out of me.  

My favorite dish to order is the mixed plate with Chicken Katsu and Teriyaki Beef.  Each plate comes with two scoops of rice and macaroni salad.  The katsu is breaded just right, not too thick, with the chicken still moist inside.  The teriyaki beef is out of this world!  Honestly, anything beef on their menu is amazing (from the hamburger to the teriyaki, from the steak and onions to the loco moco) and is highly recommended.  I've also had some of their pork dishes and was very impressed with them as well; I don't really like pork, but here is a place where I'll order it.  

No joke, I'm getting some intense cravings for their food as I write this review.  Yes, I was just there a week ago...but for a good 6 months or so I pretty much came here once a week!  Highly recommended.
I've never had the food, but a friend of mine brought over their banana bread pudding and it was soooooooooo good! I'm gonna pick some up tomorrow!  when i do have the food though, i'll be back for a better review!
This is a first for me two 5 star reviews in a row. What the hell is the world coming to? A co-worker of mine recommend that we go there for lunch today. As I am writing this I am slipping into a food coma from the aftermath of lunch. It is bliss, I had the loco moco which was just huge. I lost against it. My buddy had the Hawaiian sampler, which he thoroughly enjoyed. 

Another reviewer was right about this place, it is going to spoil you and you will not be able to do some of the lesser quality Hawaiian food we have in the valley.
Oh. My. Gosh.

All your reviews on Yelp have compelled me try this place out and now I am afraid that no other place in Vegas will do what this place does for me.

It's Friday and today's special was the "Hawaiian Plate" which consists of:

- Two large scoops of rice
- Macaroni Salad
- Lau Lau ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lau_lau )
- Ahi Poke in Shoyu ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poke_(Hawaii) )
- Haupia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haupia )
- Lomi-lomi salmon ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lomi_salmon )

I am completely ruined from other places.  The serving size is awesome, the service was as good as it gets, the atomosphere made me feel I was in Hawaii.

I never tried this place sooner because it's kind of far from home and work.  I considered "far" from work anything past Warm Springs.  Far doesn't seem so distant anymore.

I highly recommend this place to anyone.  I'll be dragging my significant other to this place in the next few weeks whether she likes it or not. And I know she's gonna LOVE it!
Me and the husband love this place. The employees seem like their all related, which makes it feel homey. The portions are big and a good deal. The fried ahi poke salad is HUGE! I think 3 or even 4 people could munch on that. My husband always seems to get the loco moco and he never seems to finish it, trust me he can pack it away. I had the roast pork and I could not finish that plate as much as I tried to. We've also had their fried rice with egg and portuguese sausage. I really like this place and they seem to get alot of people in. The only cons of the place is #1 their closed in Sunday and Monday, #2 the place should be bigger because it seems sorta small and sometimes their people waiting outside or their cars just to eat there.
I was told by a good friend of myne that this place was awesome! He said that they served choke food! So I went with my ohana to check it out for myself. We were greeted by the nicest people you'll ever meet and the place was very clean too. We ordered da chicken katsu moco,chicken katsu, Portuguese bean soup, and to top it off... Chantilly cake!
Everything was ono!!!! I will definitely pass the word about this place and I will be back for the laulau next time!

Update: Da Lau Lau was so ono, I try to go every friday for my LAU LAU fix!
I'm just going to agree with the rest of the bunch. All good.
Too bad it is far from where I live... I would eat more often here otherwise :)

I got a combo - chopped steak with onions and furikake shrimp. Steak was tender, onions tasted good and shrimp was crunchy on outside and tender inside. Portion was more than generous so I almost fell into 'food coma' afterward :)
Katsu loco moco = End Game FATALITY

They seriously should have an eating contest with these wonderful bowls full of NOM NOMness because id like to see the person who could kill one of these they are so damn big. The place is sort of like a hole in the wall but im not complaining as its close to home which is nice. The decor is sort of like what you would expect of the floor plan of a sushi restaurant with the center wrap around bar section where you expect to see a sushi chef behind serving it up. But its relatively clean and its not like i wanted to dress up to go eat island food. 
The good part, the grub! my brother said the Katsu loco moco was where its at so i ordered and maybe not even 10 minutes later the cook in the back who kinda reminded me of tattoo face from "50 First Dates" had my tasty bowl mounded with a heap of food. This bowl had to have at least 4 scoops of rice in the bottom, 3-4 full chicken breasts breaded and well cooked, 2 eggs, and covered in brown gravy and a sprinkle of green onions. Honestly i was overwhelmed by the amount of food as when i saw the $8 and change price tag i thought it was a lil bit much for what i ordered, till i learned that it could feed me for 3 meals. Well made with all the right flavors, my only issue ever so slight was that the eggs were sliiightly under cooked so the whites were still jelly like. Aside from this i was pleased with the food. 

Location/ decor - 6/10 would get a 5 but its close so thats a point 4 me
Service - 7/10 nice people, nothing special but not bad either
Food taste - 7.5-8/10 simple food, simple flavors but well put together
Value - 9.5/10 big food for very good price, one order can feed two

All in all this is my go to spot for when island food now. I use to make the drive all the way to Aloha Kitchen previously but now its down the street and reasonable. I will be back without a doubt... come hungry!
Two words....KANAK ATTACK! Thats what happens when you put away one of Island Flavors' MASSIVE plate lunches!

drove by Friday for their Lau Lau Plate hoping they didn't run out, and I was just in the nick of time because when I was done with my order, there were only 3 orders left

the Lau Lau itself almost covered the whole plate! No complaints though, that's my kinda portion:)

The Poke and Lomi were also good but the Haupia was a little bit on the solid rubbery side(ease up on the cornstarch!)

I'll definitely be back to try more of their grinds....ALOHA!!!
Island Flavor is one of the best spots to eat Hawaiian food. They have great service, huge portions (really great to share but even better to eat by yourself), reasonable prices, clean, and what else can I say the food is delicious. My all time favorite is the oxtail soup; the taste is just perfect. If you never tried fried poke you are definitely missing out. Make sure you save room for dessert because I highly recommend trying the bread pudding and the mud pie.
Just had the fried poke here for the first time and it was amazingly delicious. Got some mac salad and 2 scoops of rice to accompany it. Oh my! I only finished half of the order so I was happy with what I paid for and most definitely eating my left overs for dinner. 
This was only my second time eating at Island styles and it has lived up to its reputation of being the best Hawaiian restaurant  in Vegas. I would come here more often if it wasn't soo out of the way for me.  Can't wait to try more of their menu. :)
Great prices for ginormous portions. Moco Loco is made up of a 1/2 lb homemade burger patty topped with two eggs over white rice and the whole thing covered in brown gravy. Looked soo good. I didn't order it but my friend had it and he was sitting across from me. I was waiting for him to offer but he never did and 15 minutes later not a trace remained. So, I assume it was good. I did try the oxtail soup which was full of tender oxtail, and vegetables. The broth was a little too salty for my taste buds but i enjoyed the large, tender oxtail pieces and how they just fell apart when I touched 'em with my spoon. I will definitely make this a pit stop before I had home to SD and you will not be disappointed if you are craving for that Island Flavor.
Had the roast pork and chix katsu mix. Big portions . Roast pork was tender gravy alright , good but just a basic brown gravy. Chix katsu crispy , like it should be. Mac salad good. Also had the chantiily cake for dessert , I  don't think they make it in house , but it was still good . Over all very good, we will b back
This is the 3rd time I tried to go to this place. They closed early twice! Still, after eating here, I have to say, it's awesome. We ordered Chicken Katsu Loco Moco, Kalua Pig, a Meat special with cabbage and Fried Poke. We then got a Mud Pie desert. Also huge. Also delicious. One desert was enough to share for all of us. The bill came out to $50 for 4 people. Very reasonable. The portions are huge! The food is delicious! I will be a regular here.
first time i went to this place was about a year ago, and LOVED it!!! its a lot closer to where i live now, and we go at least once a month.

service is great! food is delicious! and the vibe there is super laid back and it makes you feel like you're at home, and they definitely treat you that way also.

roast pork loco moco, beef steak, hamburger steak (which is HUGE! see picture), spicy korean chicken, portugese bean soup, fried poke salad...soooo good!!!

portions are HUGE, so you'll definitely have left overs or you could share. they have a 1lb t-bone that i keep telling myself to try. and im going to!!!

they have, by far, the best gravy!!! i dont know what it is about it, but you know its made from scratch. its not that really brown looking gravy that looks and tastes like its a store bought packet.

if you've had all the other "island" food out here...you MUST try this place!!!
I'd thought I would suffer from plate lunch withdrawals when I moved to LV. Island Flavor hits da spot! Proper local style food from Big-Island-transferred-folks.

All the other "local Hawaiian food" themed food taste like crappy L&L. Yeah there is a clear difference between non Hawaii raised people trying to make Hawaii style plate lunch food.
This place is almost reason enough to visit LV.  I was taken here by a bunch of 300lb native Hawaiians so I knew it was going to be legit.  It's the kind of restaurant where you really wish that a) they offered a sampler menu, or b) that you could somehow figure out a way to eat 7 entrees.  We had a large group, and every meal was amazing.  This is the real deal, folks.
I overuse the term food boner, but unghhhhhhh, food boner.

I got the mixed BBQ plate; it was real teriyaki steak and teriyaki chicken. I picked up 2 20 oz diet pepsis, and my total was $14. Yum. Cheap AND delicious!

Ohana BBQ is down the street. I love Ohana, but Island Flavor was better quality. It's also closer to my house, so I think I might be sad to admit that Ohana might not be getting as much of my business anymore!

Definitely recommend going here for food. Portions are enormous; 1 dinner is actually 3 dinners.
Long over due to write a review for this place. I've gone here for breakfast, lunch and dinner plenty of times. Its a tradition now, to take guests visiting, for at least one meal.

The interior is fully decorated island style and staff are all hawaiians as far as I can tell. Staff members are also very friendly and easily make you feel at home. They always got local island music playing that just adds on to the experience.

My Favorites:

Chicken Katsu Loco Moco: Perfectly breaded chicken cut into strips, white rice, pair of over easy eggs and they're rich and thick homemade brown gravy (they're gravy is what sets them apart from every other hawaiian bbq eatery)

Loco Moco: Same as above except for the chicken, its a grilled homemade hamburger patty

Kalbi Short Ribs: Charbroiled, quite tender and soaked with flavor. If the bone was edible, there would be nothing left..

Korean Chicken: fried little drumsticks and wings tossed in their special sauce. Mild and uniquely flavorful, I can put these down!

Pork Chops: 2 pieces of grilled bone-in pork chops, topped with mushroom and onions. I always get a side of their gravy and pour it over and smother the chops. So So Comforting!

I've also tried their teriyaki beef and chicken, fried rice.. everything is great!

**Portions are HUMONGOUS!! As the hawaiians say "Don't eat until your full, eat until you pass out" 

**Full Entree Orders Will Easily serve 2! Prices are very reasonable! Service is great!

One of My Favorite Hawaiian BBQ Spots!!! (and yes, I've been to L&L, Ohana, Shakas, the one in the California Hotel, Aloha Kitchen.. to name a few.. Not to mention some places in Hawaii itself)
As others have mentioned this review is long overdue!  

Hubby and I have been here several times and it is one of the friendliest restaurants I have ever been to - the service is amazing and you feel like you are your server's only customers even though everytime we have been there the place is rockin' and packed!  

Unfortunately I tried L&L before coming here and that experience almost made me not try this wonderful little gem in the southwest.  I know... lumping L&L to all Hawaiian restaurants would be like comparing McDonalds to In-n-Out - my mistake :)

I love the traditional Loco Moco - the gravy is like a culinary orgasm and the eggs are always cooked perfectly!  The hamburger patty is always moist and juicy and the seasoning is perfect too!  It is mind blowing...  Plus they provide so much food (with a side of the best mac salad I've ever had) each time I have had to take over half home with me (and it is just as amazing the next day!)

Hubby gets something different each and every time and he has always been very pleased (and too busy mmmmming to talk much during our meals there!)

Make sure you grab some of their amazing banana nut bread when you are leaving - you will be way too full to have some during your visit...

I was thinking while I was writing this that I should keep my mouth shut and not share my experience - this restaurant may be even more crowded my next visit and when Loco Moco is calling my name - I do not want to wait any longer than absolutely necessary!
Short ribs and Korean chicken wings are to die for. Be sure to check stores hours before going.
Their food is pretty good here. Big portions. 
 
My favorites in this restaurant are the ahi poke & chantilly cake. 

Last time I went here, I was craving a loco moco because a couple days ago I tried one from the Fukuburger truck & couldn't stop thinking about it so I figured I'd try Island Flavors. 

When I got it, it was really big like twice the size of Fukuburgers, but to be honest it was good but not as good as Fukuburgers. It didn't have that special ingredient or something. What can I say, I'm spoiled by fabulous flavors so maybe I'm just being picky.  

All in all, I'm giving this place 5 stars because the food is good, they serve big portions, there's a nice welcoming feeling as you walk in, they're friendly, the place is clean & fast service even with it being busy.
Hands down: one of the best things to ever happen to Las Vegas!

I seriously got on YELP and was browsing through all of Island Flavors pictures because I miss the food so!

The orders for our party: Oxtail soup, chicken katsu, kalbi short ribs, and shoyu chicken. When those orders came out, my jaw dropped! The portions are huge! Everything was flavorful and delicious. I have a grand feeling that everything on that menu is just as delicious as the meal I had that night. 

Now, what really made me cry tears of joy was the kona coffee mud pie. That thing is huge! It easily fed our party of 4. The yummy coffee ice cream, whipped cream, oreo cookie crust and macadamia nuts was marvelous! 

The service was also great! She was friendly and made sure to serve us with a smile. 

Island Flavor, you won a place in this girl's heart!!
Poke another one of my favorite food and Island Flavor knows how to make it!  They are very generous with their servings and they really give a Hawaiian style atmosphere.  The Mac Salad is another great dish here too.  So, if you are around the area, make sure you try this local restaurant.
Are they giving away free food for five-star Yelp reviews?  I have been a here a few times for lunch and yeah it is good, but "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" ?!?!

The spam musubi is premade and cold.  The portions are large but the prices aren't small either.

It's the typical spread and an adequate atmosphere, but I'd be hard pressed to say it is any better than L&L or ... whatever the name of that place by my old job was.

I'm calling this one what it is.  Average in every way.
The best hawaiian food in town!  The portions are huge so be ready to fill your belly!  The staff was so homely and nice.  

My husband order the short ribs and I had the kalua pork and cabbage.  I thought that we could not finish the orders, but it was so good that we both devoured the food.

Good atmosphere, great food, good staff!  I will definiately come back here
I love this place. Everyone from the server to the cooks in the back are very friendly. When we got there I ordered the terriyaki chicken plate (to compare it to the other terriyaki chicken plates) oxtail soup, chicken katsu, and I believe some type of pork. I can't really remember much about the pork because of all the other food I ordered but let's just say from the several bites I had it melted in your mouth.

Let's start with the terriyaki chicken. I have to say that this is the best terriyaki chicken at a Hawaiian restaurant. L&L's is too fatty and chewy, Aloha Kitchen always requires you to remember to ask for it with no skin, and there are a couple other places that weren't so memorable. It sounds strange to say but the chicken tasted like ... chicken. Real meat, not covered up in fat and that chewy gristle, just meat, that might not make any sense but if you've had that chewy gristle you know what I'm talking about.

The same goes for the chicken katsu. The chicken was solid meat and the breading was crispy and clean, not soggy and greasy like some other places. Same goes for the oxtail soup, while the oxtail was extremely fatty (I never knew ox carried so much fat in their tail) the actual soup was not greasy but crisp and gingery. It tasted a little bland at first but once you start eating the oxtail and bites from a couple other dishes the soup actually complements the flavors.

If I'm craving some Hawaiian food, this would definitely be among my top choices. However it loses a star because believe it or not I'm a fan of the canned mystery meat known as spam. They don't have any spam dishes and their spam musubi is pre-made and sits out on the counter which means first come, first serve and if you get there at night then you're SOL. But even if you were to get it, you have to eat spam musubi that's been sitting on the counter for awhile, for some reason it's not made to order, kinda weird but all in all a good spot.
Served with rice or mashed potatoes and macaroni or tossed salad include beef or chicken teriyaki, chop steak and onions, kalbi short ribs yummy, hawaiian style pork roast with hawaiian salt and cracked black pepper. Yummy Boil or sauteed opakapaka 9snapper0 Kalua pig and cabbage, 12oz  ribeye and loco moco, a half pound hamburger patty on rice but i like ground beef but only patty on rice topped with eggs and gravy.
ALOHA LAS VEGAS yelpers!

just moved to Las Vegas and I found myself craving Hawaiian food!

Found I.F. on yelp and got super excited!
Called in my order and picked it up.

I had the mix plate- pork/kalbi, kona coffee mud pie, and shoyu poke.
It was my guys 1st time having hawaiian food so I talked him into getting the hamburger steak. I grab 4 spam musubi's at the counter.

We loved the food! 

I'll def come back for more! 

Take out or dine in. casual. indoor seating.

Big serving! 

My whole order came out to around $50 fpr 2 people.

If you love Hawaiian food, stop by Island Flavor!

Aloha!
- Miss Yelp 2011
You can't go wrong with island food!  Dishes cost a little more than the commercial Hawaiian food joints like like L&L or Ono's, but the love in the food makes up for it.  And so do the portions!  

I had myself a combo of Hawaiian roasted pork w/ gravy and chicken katsu.  The pork had just the right amount of salt and pepper and although the gravy was an added touch, I could probably just eat the pork by itself.  Oh wait, no, with rice.  Gotta have the rice.  The chicken katsu was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  Sampled the poke' and it was fairly good.  I say "fair" because I've tasted better homemade poke'.  I'm not really a fan of macaroni salad, but their macaroni salad is a level up from L&L's.  

That day I "broke da mouth" but I probably also broke some skin and gained another stretchmark.  

Hawaii is always a stopover for me when I travel to and from my island home of Guam.  Island Flavors is definitely going to be a stopover for me everytime I go to Vegas!!
YAyyy!  We found our favorite Hawaiian food spot here in Vegas.  Aaand you know this city has a million to choose from lol.  I lived in hawaii for about a year, and i've never had oxtai soup until recently at Island Flavor.  I was apprehensive at first, the thought of eating oxtail and all.  But I must say, i'm glad I gave it the benefit of the doubt, because it was delicious.  The broth  was so comforting, the meat of the oxtails were so tender, and the order is huge.  Now, i'm an avid oxtail soup eater at Island Flavor.

My husband swears by their korean chicken.  I've tried it and it's pretty good.  My 4 year old grubs on their barbecue chicken, which tastes ten times better than other hawaiian restaurant bbq chickens.  I also like how their beef is an actual steak.  None of that thin sliced beef teriyaki allllll the other mediocre hawaiian joints serve.
I was supposed to go to another "Island" place but ended up coming here and boy....that was meant to be!!!

My son and I sat at the counter area and the sistah server was so warm and nice and I felt like I was home. 

I was not sure what to get but she helped me decide and I made a great decision!!!  I had to get my fave-anywhere I go I always get BEEF TERIYAKI.  I had to try the POKE....three types to choose from and sistah helped me choose the shoyu type. 

YUM! YUM! YUM! YUM!

My son chose CHICKEN TERIYAKI and he loved it, also.

Not only did it taste good but  the portions were "Man-size!"

We were not able to finish...which is fine so I have a meal for the next day.   My son still was craving some GREEN TEA ice cream and when the bowl came....it was a giant portion.  We are used to getting one scoop when we go to sushi places.  

This place will be one of my favorite places to go to from now on. 
I still need to try their OXTAIL SOUP....then I will have to update my review.
Mahalos to Island Flavor for coming to the 9th island and sharing what good Local food is all about. Island Flavor does local food right...Thank God!!!

If you have a craving for local food this is the go to place in Las Vegas. Its a sit down restaurant but they also have counter service. The place is clean, everyone is always friendly. and the food is ONO!

Not many Hawaiian restaurants in the mainland make me feel like i'm back at home but Island Flavors does exactly that every single time. I've tried a lot of their menu but my favorites are:

1. Love their Oxtail stew- Its ONO period.
2. Any of their Loco Moco's- hard to finish off its a mountain.
3. They got good poke...best on Fri/Sat when fish comes in
4. Pocho Bean soup...very good, almost like my Aunty's-almost
5. Roast Pork...melt in your mouth! 
6. and of course their hand wrapped Laulau's- I think its served only on Aloha Friday. Its a good thing they only serve it on Fri or I would have to buy new pants.
7. Their mixed plate is like the Zip pac on steroids! So much food...and much better.

This place is a winner in my book. They would put a lot of local restaurants in Hawaii to shame. What are you waiting for? Stop Yelping for a minute and drive your okole to Island Flavors. And don't forget to bring your appetite because they pile it on. Trust me, you'll be taking food home unless you are sharing your plate with 2 other people.

Aloha to you too!
This place is B.A.*

loco moco vs. Portuguese omelet. Whichever I want, I can not finish it. Huge portions. Bigger than your average spare tire. But the wait is long enough to start looking at other people's food while waiting. Long waits mean steak and burgers, no? But compensated by the sweet, genuine service.

And the bill, is ridiculously small. Had to whip out my magnifying glass to realize how cheap the tab was. 
 
I deeply recommend the mud pie dessert, which is also sharable.

*B.A.= bad ass
HUGE poke salad with sweet potato, cucumber and tomato on a bed of romaine with a tasty dressing and garnished with orange.  The fried wonton skins might not be the most healthy, but they added texture and flavor, so an extra few minutes cardio is a decent price to pay.  The "boss" is a nice fellow and seems to be nothing but helpful and grateful for his customers.  The one review about bad take-out seems out of character. I plan to make this a regular lunch stop, being close to my office and the menu is extensive.  Must try Kaluha pig next time.  Modern local Hawaiian music (kinda reggae) passed the time nicely while reading the WSJ.  Crowded for lunch - best to drop in after 1:30pm.
It seemed really popular given how many "locals" were eating there but our food was way too salty and a few dollars more expensive than other Hawaiian places we've tried.

I still get a little sad that they replaced the aptly named Pho 777 that used to be here. Sniff, sniff.
We sat up at the counter and it was just like you were in aunty's house...we shared the Hawaiian Plate, a Portuguese Bean soup and their Fried Poke.

It was very filling and delicious...this time, the Hawaiian plate had TWO Lau Laus! Talk about getting your moneys worth! I also fot The Fried Rice Omelette to go so I could enjoy it for breakfast the next day since I didn't have to work.....SO ONOLICIOUS!!!!!!....ALOHA!!!
Finally!  We found the place (opposite side of the Strip, not Henderson) that reminds us of home the most!  This place has been around for over a year or so now, opened by a Big Island guy!  So, you'd better expect BIG!  Expect to bring home some leftovers for dinner/lunch/breakfast the next day!  Every time we come here, we feel like we're back at home again!  For some reason, food (and music) will always take us back to the islands...

*smack!* the Chicken Katsu Loco Moco!  First time ever trying both local favorites - together!  MmmMmmm!  Aaaand, leftovers to take home!  OHH!  And you should try their Fried Rice and Omelet!  I think it's on their Specials Menu!  That fried rice is soooo tasty, with huge pieces of sausage in it, and so very moist and perfect!  They serve it with 3 slices of Portuguese sausage, I think it's the Maui or Big Island kine!  HUGE!  And ONO, too!  Other goodies to try, Korean Chicken (saucy!), and their Kalbi!

If you are from Hawaii, and you live here in Las Vegas now, forget about L&L for your local fix!  Summerlin finally has a place that serves up one of the best local foods I've tasted since living here!  Broke da Mouth!
There's just so many things that I love about this place on a personal level because i'm an islander as well and this just reminds me of Carson, CA.  The interior decor nothing great but there's just something about it that makes you feel as if you were in someone's kitchen which is nice to me.  The staff and cooks are real islanders so they really know the true island flavors when it comes to cooking what we like.  Most of them even have the pigeon accent, a rarity to find people in vegas that are really from the islands.  The music they play really true to the culture, not no Jack Johnson like what other island theme restaurants choose to play.  The lady serving me was so kind and reminds me of my lola (grandma).

They are not selfish here with their servings. This is the first restaurant where I couldn't finish a loco moco (beef patty, eggs, rice, and plenty of gravy).  I only finished halfway and was already full with no room in my tummy reserved.  It was good because they made it just the way I like my loco moco, heavy with gravy baby.  Can't wait to come back and try their ox tail soup.  Only regret about this place is that it gets you so full that you get very sleepy after.  

Another restaurant I'm glad to live near by.  Southwest Vegas really has plenty of hidden treasures.  I did this review on my iphone, now my fingers are cramped and sore.
I am in love with this place. They don't fool around here, it's the real deal.  I thought they had my mom back there cooking.  No cookie cutter, out of the box recipes here.

I had the Sweet & Sour Spare Ribs which were awesome!  I felt like smothering everything on my plate in that sauce it was so good.  The spare ribs were nice and tender with no gamey aftertaste so you know it was cooked with love.  

The sides were really good too.  The Mac Salad was also very tasty, quite possibly my favorite Mac Salad now, and the Rice was nice.

For dessert we had the Haupia Cake, and they are serious about their dessert too.  A nice mountainous slice of fluffy Cake and the Whipped Cream looked like an avalanche..  It was great.

The restaurant was nice and clean.  Nothing on the floors and the countertops and tables were all clean and clear.  The service was fast and friendly.  I think the quality of the food outweighs the price by far.

I have found my new favorite Hawaiian food restaurant.  Even if it is a bit far from home for me, I don't mind driving across town to eat there at all.
My family came here a few days ago, and for myself and my sister, it was our first time having Hawaiian cuisine. My sister and I had the loco moco and my mom had the hoisin sauce ribs. The portions are just HUGE. My loco moco had huge scoops of rice, a good sized beef patty, the fried egg and a pool of gravy. I loved it. My mom's ribs were juicy and tender it was so much that we ended up eating the leftover's for dinner that night. The price was right for the portions as well, a little under $9 for each entree. My mom also said her coffee was the best she'd had in ages.
Finally was able to make my way down here to Island Flavor after a few months now.... 
The location is just out of my way not to mention that my off days are the days they are closed : Boo Hoo....
Anyhow, I made it a point to order something I have not tried before
-Barbecue Ribs with rice and a side salad
   Hella big maybe too big but it was fall off the bone yummy. Maybe I
   would have liked just a little less sauce - I always love their side salad
   option because it's big and the salad dressing is delish - Taro,Wonton 
    Chips- Yup, DELISH!!!
-Chicken Katsu with Mac Salad and French Fries
   My daughter loved it, enough said.
-Teri Chicken,Fried Shrimp,Mac Salad and rice
  The BF must have liked it cause he finished it all and you know about 
   portions here...
-Chantilly Cake
  There is no way in hell that I would come here and not leave with a slice 
   of their Chantilly cake- It's the best that I have tried - 
    SWEET TOOTH SATISFACTION!!!!!
I was sad to know that they ran out of the banana bread- The lady told me that she gets calls all day inquiring if they made banana bread and when
 she does it only lasts a few hours. 

Three wishes for Island Flavor
1. Open on Sundays and Mondays
2. Bake Extra Extra Huge Quantities of Banana Bread and
    only then would I have a good chance of eating one again
3.Make Guava Chiffon Cake because after eating your Chantilly Cake I'm
   positive it will be the ultimate Guava lovers fantasy come true...
My 4th week in a row coming here and can't get enough of it. The Hawaiian plate is off the hook!!!
Hands down, the best Hawaiian food I've had. Big portions and friendly staff who easily remember you!
Hands down best Hawaiian in Las Vegas.
I had never been to a place that served Hawaiian food before. My coworkers have been talking about this place for a while and i was finally able to join them. 

Being that it was friday they had a special "Hawaiian Plate" which has :

- Two large scoops of rice
- Macaroni Salad
- Lau Lau ( Only after 3pm )  or Kalua Pork 
- Ahi Poke in Shoyu
- Haupia
- Lomi-lomi salmon

My coworker recommended it as a way to be aquainted with the tastes of hawaii. 

Let me tell you the food was AMAZING.  The pork was tender , flavorful and definitly a repeat. I quite enjoyed the ahi poke , mac salad.  Im not a huge fan of salmon , so i ate very little of the lomi-lomi salmon.  

I detest coconut , but the Haupia was amazing as an end to a terrific meal. 

The wait staff was attentive and for the price i was stuffed.   

I will definitely be bringing my wife here to try it out.
This place makes my tummy happy.  

1.) Hawaiian kine portions, not that small kine stuff from Aloha Kitchen
2.) So so so so so so so good
3.) Priced right for me
4.) There was so much food that I couldn't finish it, which is rare for me.  This place challenges me so much!

I went with my boyfriend and together we got:
-Kalbi & Roast pork plate (My boyfriend loved it)
-Chicken katsu loco moco (That sucka is no joke)
-Portuguese Bean soup (Just like home)
-Li Hing Mui Lemonade slush thing (I am not a li hing mui on everything fan, but I liked this.  The tartness and the bite were perfect)

Short story: I love this place....if I was going to be mean I'd only take a star off because it needs to be closer to the university or have more locations, but this place is worth the drive and I will go here again.  Plus my cousin's husband is cousin's with the owners and that guy loves his food.  He knows better than me what's good.
When it comes to island flavor, they sure have it.  This restaurant is small, quaint, and fast.  Frank and I stopped by here on our way to check out our new home nearby, and when we walked in it felt as if we were back on Guam at some mom and pop restaurant.  The staff is friendly and helped a lot when it came to choosing lunch.

I grabbed their ribeye steak with white rice.  It comes smothered in grilled onions and mushrooms, just how we make it back home.  It was delicious, but I have to say that they have this adobo-like chicken dish that Frank ate, and the sauce was CRAZY GOOD.  I poured it over my steak and rice after tasting it!

Love the food, love the people, and I will stick with the local fare rather than their American choices, because they do their food the best.  '

Oh, and save room for dessert.  Their haupia cake is HUGE and can feed four people, or two hungry islanders like Frank and I.

Stop by, say hello, and chow down at island flavor.
Sorry, even the decor and friendly servers just can't mask the taste of awful food!

This doesn't taste like food back home. I tried a lot of things on their menu and everything but desserts disappointed. Their desserts don't count since most of them are baked by Andrea's World of Cakes?

Roast Pork: Where's the meat? Why is there so much fat? 

Chicken Katsu: Why is it burnt? 

Korean Chicken: Where's the spice? Why is there chicken fuzz still on it? Eeewww!

Kalbi/Short Ribs: Why so stingy and too sweet?

Portuguese Sausage: What is that weird after taste? 

Lau Lau: Why is it so dry? Almost like shredded wet cardboard. 

Furikake Shrimp: What's so special about breaded fried shrimp with furikake sprinkles on it? Come on, lets get more creative here.

Loco Moco & Hamburger Steak: Sure, it's big but why is it so bland? 

Mac Salad: No, no. (shaking my head) So salty. 

Spam Musubi: How can you sell cold musubi left for hours on the counter? 

Kikoman "cheap stuff" soy sauce? You know everyone back home favors Aloha Shoyu! 

UGH!  I gave this place so many chances and I ALWAYS left disappointed. Hey, shame on me for expecting the inevitable from this restaurant.
Aright so I moved to Vegas recently, but so far this is one of my favorite places to eat.  I came here for lunch yesterday with My T. and Thao T. and I have to say it was pretty dang awesome.  I haven't had lunch yet, so I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.

Aright, I'm going to give you the low down.  The portions are big here, so I would suggest you go with a couple people, and you guys all try each others' stuff.  These are the 3 things we got, and I'll probably get them again.  

1.  Korean Chicken - I have had wings like this once before in my life, and it was called Dry Fried Chicken at a restaurant in San Francisco called San Tung, and they are legit.  I wouldn't make a meal out of this, that's why I'm saying share.  Juiciest wings ever, and that Korean sauce is wicked

2.  Kalbi Short Ribs- Again, it's a lot of food, so most people would die if they had this whole plate.  They are so tender, you can pull them off the bone.  I want it now.

3.  Baby Back Ribs (can't find on menu for some reason, maybe new item) - My least favorite, but fantastic in the least.  It just doesn't compare to the top 2 items I mentioned.  

Owner served us, he's a great guy.  So humble, very chill vibe in the place.  You can tell it's really Hawaiian.  I will come back.
Man, their portion is HUGE~! So definitely, bring your appetite. And this place certainly has the "Island Flavor" all around, with very friendly service too. Terriyaki beef was my fav out of 6 other dishes we had on our table. However, I kept thinking..."man, were the dishes made by chef school drop-outs?" (Not to offend the "chefs" there, but dont expect high quality or eye-applealing presentation here.) Overall, cool place and I would go back there again for sure. Wish they just "clean up" all the clutters tho, esp. the dirty rug that was covering a long table in the corner X(
Everything about Island Flavor is great.

Reasonable prices, friendly service, excellent food, and great atmosphere.  People dine here reguarly and for good reason.

I enjoy the poke (furikake style) and I usually get the oxtail soup.  You can get a 2 meat combo for under 10 bucks.  Tonnnnss of food.  The qualiy of their food is really good.  Kalbi short ribs, katsu, shoyu chicken all very good.  

I believe on Friday nights, they have specials such as Lau Lau, etc.  

I also like how they play Hawaiian music in the background.
i went to this place from a suggestion from a friend of mine.  The hours has changed so please be mindful of the new hours of operation.  

i went their for lunch since i'm from hawaii I'm always looking for a good place where they have hawaiian food.  

I have to say this place does not live up to the hype of my friends and everyone I asked about this place.  i ordered the mix plate where you can choose 2 main item from a list so I picked teri chicken and roast pork  which is a basic item for hawaiian restaurants.  First their menu is very limited, they didn't even have spam musubi.. anyways.  when they food came out it looked good. Nice big portions just like my firend said.  but when i started eating  the gravy was turkey gravy and not pork gravy.  the mac salad was too sweet in my opinion.  although the chicken was cooked perfectly, there was too much sauce on it and ruined the chicken..  the rice was over cooked and mushy.  i didn't want to anymore of that so I ordered the saimin.  which is another staple of hawaiian food.  when it came out it looked very nice.  it had wontons, fish cakes, bok choy, teri beef, scrambled egg.  but again when i tasted it i was very disappointed.  the soup was a instant soup bases.  the noodle was s&s saimin.  i asked for chinese hot mustard so I can dip the wontons in it.  what came out was wasabi and shoyu already mixed together.  right then and there i lost my appetite.  the saimin is not worth the $8.75  you can't have mustard with your saimin.  Oh!! they don't even have Aloha Shoyu..  I would really like to see this restaurant do good but they have to change their flavors and stop advertising like they have hawaiian pride when the flavor of the food clearly states otherwise....
The portions are huge, the food is great and the people who work here are very helpful and friendly!

I drive by this place all the time but have never noticed it because of the pitch black tint they have on the windows.  The parking lot is also kind of dark. Thanks Yelp for letting me know about this place!
I've tried a number of Hawaiian restaurants in the valley and by far this is my favorite. The expectations of this place really lives up to the hype with everyone on yelp and word of mouth. Service was pretty standard the day we visited and there was a good sized crowd eating lunch. My mom and I brought the little girl we babysit throughout the week and we ordered fried poke stack, mahi mahi salad, and grilled chicken. 

Fried Poke Stack- this had a really good flavor. I'm guessing it was cooked with sesame oil and soy sauce. The portion was plenty enough to share which is why my parents were able to taste it. My parents enjoyed this as well because they believed it had a very homemade like-taste to it. 

Mahi Mahi Salad- really delicious dressing is all I can say. The only thing I would ask for is it would have been better if they used cherry tomatoes instead of slicing a tomato into quarters. But loved the dressing once again. 

Grill chicken- didn't get to try this because we ordered it for the little girl. But it came with three fillets. 

Banana bread- I was really excited to try this because Ursula U. had raved about it in her review. It was pretty good, but not the best that I've tried or anything I would crave for. It could be because it's made with Cinnamon, which is something I'm not a big fan of. 

TIP: everything is ENOUGH TO SHARE. Even if I'm a big eater, the portions here are huge!

Can't wait to come here to try more. Absolutely love it and recommend to anyone no matter what side of town you live on especially if you're into Hawaiian food.
We came here tonight to get a little "island flavor". I got the Korean chicken and pot roast pork combo plate. 

The Korean chicken was little bit spicy and crisp. The pot roast was very bland, not much flavor here, the pork was tender, had a little to much fat left on and I didn't care for it. Of course my plate came with two scoops rice and mac salad. I'd eat the Korean chicken again.
After a whole day of watching my nephews baseball tournament, a group of us were starving for some real food. We decided on Island Flavor and I saw that it closed at 10pm. Cool, we still had a half hour. WRONG! We got there and the sign on the door had their new hours.... closed at 9:30pm. NOOOO!!!! Wait, what's going on? What the heck? We were going in the door. They said yes! They took us all at closing time without hesitation or an attitude. We sat down, ordered and ate. One of the waitresses worked at the same location as my friend (at her other job). What a great staff! The food was ono and the portions were frickin' huge. I ordered the fried rice which came with egg on top and a few pieces of the biggest Portuguese sausage EVER! Everyone really loved the food and most of us had to take the leftovers to go. The Chantilly cake is awesome! It seems like the hours have changed again according the their website. Go early, be hungry. Thank you to the staff that night for taking us in and being great about it.
I have to admit...I've been to Hawaii, but I never really ate hawaiian food until I moved to Vegas. 
And until I had Island Flavor I never really knew just how good it could be.
I actually stopped in without knowing anything about this place and just went for lunch with my roommate Mason, who has been to Hawaii numerous times so I figured why not give it a try.

As a southerner I am fundamentally pre-programmed to like most of these dishes because they have the same principals of many southern dishes. Slow cooked pork, greens, rice, gravy, fried chicken steak, and a mayo heavy pasta salad as a nice foil to the abundance of savory flavors.

I had the pork lau lau combo which came with 2 scoops of rice a side of the ceviche style ahi poke salad and that coconut pudding that I could happily eat every day for the rest of my life. All of this was $10 and the portion was too much for me to finish and made for great leftovers the next day.

This place has the typical kitschy interior that you would expect with any small hawaiian joint. And the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful with making suggestions based on my limited experience with the cuisine.
Although this place is now a bit of a drive from me, and for anybody else who is not in the extreme SW, it is beyond worth the drive. 
I would have to pass 3 different hawaiin places on my way to Island Flavor, and to those who have been there...you know why this makes total sense.
This place seriously has some of the best Hawaiian food I have ever tasted!  The portions are hearty and leaves you wanting more the next day.  I love this place, the only downside is the slow wait and service....but definitely worth it.
The best Hawaiian BBQ in Vegas period! I know my Asian BBQ because I personally cook them all the time and these are the best. They use real grill not like other franchise H BBQ who just fry them. Chicken is perfectly marinated and Kalbi is cooked well too. Taste reminded me of the BBQ in Maui.
4.5 stars for Island Flavor! My craving for some spam musubis lead my fianc to pick me up some from Island Flavor! He also decided to get the Portuguese sausage fried rice to bring home too. The spam musubi's were huge!!!! bigger than what I had in Hawaii, but they were delicious. Rice was cooked perfectly and the spam was not too sweet and not too salty. One spam musubi would have filled me up, but since I'm a hungry hippo I just had to try the fried rice. Fried rice was good, maybe a lil too soggy for my tastes, but that's Hawaiian style? It came with 4 big pieces of sausages and there was a huge scrambled egg on top. The rice itself had lil pieces of BBQ pork which was fatty but tasty. Overall, I was pretty impressed and I know I will be returning for more musubis!!
thank you yelp for this awesome find! its a lil far off the strip, but totally worth it.  being from the south bay, we are starved for good local food. yes theres a ton of places, but nothing every lives up to your expectations!

this place was pretty good and reminded me of my moms home cooking.  if im ever back in vegas ill be coming back here! its definitely worth the trip off the strip!
real ono, noka'oi hawaiian food in vegas...!! good portions, price, atmosphere, and real hawaiian cooking in the kitchen!!!
The food here was authentic Hawaiian, just as god as I got in Hawaii. We ordered the Loco Moco, 2 burger patties, 2 eggs and gravy over a lot of rice, the lau lau, which was almost as good as Super J's, and the Kalua pig & cabbage. This was enough food for 5 people and my cousin and I ate most of it. The poke was fresh, the food was hot and tasty, and the cost was low. What more can you ask for? Definitely worth a drive away from the strip to eat here.
Still as great as I remembered! I'm in love with their portions and I don't think there is a lack of quality with those portion in my opinion.  I took my aunty and uncle, who I believe would know the diff and were visiting from Hawaii, and they agreed that this place is awesome. My uncle said the oxtail soup was ono, but little bit different from how he usually gets it because the ginger is usually grated on the top.  He also said that compared to Maui the oxtail here is couple dollars cheaper. My aunty liked her order of kalbi too.  It was an extreme portion and she finished it all.  I got kalua pig and cabbage, which was an awesome portion too.  My auntie's looked the best though.  Afterwards we got chantilly cake and I got to say this was one of the best chantilly cakes I've had.  We weren't expecting such a big piece and I took it home to my boyfriend, who never had chantilly before and liked it.  When I come back here I'm definitely getting kalbi and sharing the cake.  It was all so good and it got my family's approval!
Come here with a sense of island time, because it might take a moment  for you to get your drinks and for the one waitress to take your order when it is busy. If you are patient, you will be rewarded. The waitress is friendly and attentive, but it is necessary to cut her some slack. At first, I was starting to get agitated because we were sitting there for ten minutes while she was doing everything except helping us. I came to realize it was my fast paced Las Vegan hustle which was making me impatient. So come here with the mindset to relax and enjoy the best that the islands have to offer.

For two people, we ordered the fried ahi poke salad and the hoisin BBQ baby back ribs. The poke was not a favorite. Island definitely gives you your moneys worth because the dish had heaps of tuna and they were not small pieces, but huge chunks. The mountain of greens, three slices of purple sweet potatoes, cucumbers, and tomatoes made for a massive meal. The creamy soy ginger dressing was strong. I should have asked for it on the side. I also realized that I do not like my poke cooked. This dish would be better raw. The ribs, on the other hand, were magnificent. Two five ribs slabs were mounted on two mounds of rice and a scoop of mac salad. The feast was enough to feed two generously. The sauce is superb and I was tossing the rice in it to sop up every drop. For $10.25 and $12 respectively, this is a fantastic deal. I would say that these ribs were better than anything you could get at a BBQ joint in Vegas.
Seriously, I have hit the jackpot of all Island gourmet! 

I cannot even begin to explain how good everything is that I have had here.

Even the regular chopped salad is amazing with that dressing, those freshly fried wonton chips, the slice of TARO! Yes, fresh taro. Ughhhh, I have been back  multiple times and they are on point EVERY time.

I have had the hoisin baby back ribs (TWO RACKS OF RIBS, SO TENDER THEY FALL OFF THE BONE!), sweet & sour spare ribs (JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF TANGY-NESS AND SWEETNESS), the Korean Chicken (DRUMETTES WITH A LIGHT SAUCE), the Furikake Shrimp (DEEP FRIED AND SIMPLE)... and my boyfriend is extremely fond of the Hawaiian Style Roast Pork. He also bragged about how juicy their laulau was, and oh, i almost forgot, the portions are HUGE. 

They have great daily specials. The Smoked Meat is amazing. NOT Pipikaula, but it's DEEEELICIOUSSSS.

MAKE SURE YOU'RE HUNGRY and don't plan any heavy activity after you eat here. You will probably have to sit for longer than you were eating in order to make a safe exit!
First of all, I can compare this Hawaiian style bbq to the real deal in Hawaii. If you know the local spots on Oahu such as Rainbow Drive Inn, Side St Inn, Aiea Bowl, Shiro's, Helena's, you will know what I mean. This is probably one of the best I have ever experienced. The BBQ plate has real sirloin cut up. The chicken katsu is perfectly done. I the pork is outstanding. The kalbi is thickly cut with a lot of meat. The portions are also bigger than a normal plate lunch. I totally recommend this place! It is the best in Vegas and compares to the top Hawaiin BBQ restaurants on the Islands.
As a relative newcomer to Vegas, I was confused by the (seemingly) plethora of Hawaiian eateries in town.  The first one I tried was Ross J's on the east side of the city.  The combination of cheap prices and gargantuan amounts of food appealed to my gluttonous nature....so when hubsters and I moved to the NW part of Vegas three months after moving to Sin City, we were mostly unhappy about losing our relatively close proximity to Ross J's.  I did some yelping and came across Island Flavor and aloha food!  So very glad we came.

The interior can be considered more upscale than the typical Hawaiian joint in that the walls are adorned with pleasing framed island prints in warm colours vs random posters found haphazardly hanging for their papery lives by a few pieces of tape.  We were greeted by a very friendly server who immediately suggested the mixed BBQ plate (you choose 2 meats from the list of 6 or 7).  We chose the kalbi short ribs and the chicken katsu; this selection came with rice and macaroni salad.

In a word: YUM.  Lots of meat on the ribs, nicely done katsu, loads of rice, and the mac salad wasn't too gloppy or oversauced.  I should mention that hubby and I shared the BBQ plate -- the server recommended we do that! -- and we both had enough to eat.  Our little dinner out cost us $9.75 plus tax and tip.  Pretty affordable dinner date.

I am looking forward to our next visit very very much!
I am not a big fan of Hawaiian restaurants outside of Hawaii (shocker huh) but after trying their fried rice omelet I have slowly changed my mind. their portions are also ginormous and the Delicious.
i can't get enough of this place!! reminds me of back home!! chicken katsu loco moco bomb good, ahi poke, and every friday they have the hawaiian plate i can't get enough of it, good prices and biug portions and service is great!!!
When my craving for Hawaiian style food is larger than what L&L can handle, this is where you'll find me. Large portions at fair prices and the owners are very friendly. Check out their daily specials. One daily special, Beef Curry, is just terrific and too bad they do not serve it on their regular menu. Mud Pie anyone? Better bring a couple of your friends to share it.
Came here again the day after I visited Island Flavor for the first time.  Had the kalua pork and cabbage -- great!  However, the topper was the chantilly cake!!!!  SO GOOD.  4 layer chocolate cake with cream filling and a butterscotchy icing reminiscent of the icing for German chocolate cake....swoon.  Drool.
Went here for lunch last week. I had the loco moco which was HUGE and super Yummy! My friend had the fried poke which was also very Yummy. Staff was super friendly and provided quick service. Restaurant was also clean.
The staff: I wish I caught her name, she was incredibly friendly, especially towards the end.  It wasn't busy so I think she was actually the only server working.  But she was able to tend to our table and a few others, very efficient.

The goods: AMAZING.  I got the mixed plate with teriyaki chicken and furikake shrimp.  i was in heaven.  The meat was so tender and I could just pull it apart with my fork.  Sounds of food ecstasy kept coming from the other side of the table; my friend was really enjoying her meal as well.  And the portions were huge!  We ate a good amount and still had to get a to-go box for the rest of her Kalbi and my chicken.

The atmosphere: It reminded me so much of home.  They had satellite radio playing Hawaiian tunes; a very nice touch.  It wasn't done up all crazy, just a few pictures here and there, a wall fixture of the islands.  It had a very personal feel to it.  It reminded me of places we would eat when I was younger in Waianae; the same fading color scheme and plants, same kitchen layout.  It actually made me quite nostalgic.

After Aloha Grill closed down and Aloha Kitchen kind of went downhill, I thought my only hope for Hawaiian food would be the Marketstreet Cafe at the Cal, and I only go there for the saimin anyway.  But my "haole" friend as he refers to himself, instructed that it was CRUCIAL I check out Island Flavor.  I am so happy that I did.  Amazing food, and great quality for the price.  I was afraid it would be more on the pricy side because of other reviews, but that wasn't the case at all.  I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the bill.
First experience there was brilliant, it definitely won't be my last.
Finally tried Island Flavor for the first time today.  Been hearing only positive comments and recommendations for this SW Hawaiian eatery in a relatively undeveloped part of town, and the experience lived up to expectations.

The portions are way more than generous.  Sides?  They can serve you a "side", but it will still be entree portion.  Just about everyone who dines here, leaves the restaurant with the tomorrow's lunch pre-packed.  The desserts are just as big as the big island, and the ones I tried (Banana Bread Pudding) was delicious.

I tried the mixed plate with the Kalbi Ribs and Hawaiian Style Roasted Pork (serve with gravy), plus the Ahi Poke (Shoyu) and sampled the sesame and furikake ones as well.  I personally really enjoyed the sesame ahi poke. But I think the Poke Salad (entree sized salad) also looks very delicious, and I will most likely try that in one of my future visits.

Besides the good food, the price is reasonable. You are definitely not going to leave this restaurant feeling like you can have a Big Mac Combo.  It is perfect for a family or hungry & growing teenager, football team, etc.  

It is perfect for anyone that wants good food, generous portions for a reasonable price!  The friendly service is added to the package for absolutely no additional charge.

Are you an ahi poke fan? This is the best value and taste for the money in all of Las Vegas.  Sesame flavor is probably the best, but everyone's preference is different, so try them all (just not all at one time, unless you have an army to help you finish it). No joke!

Food:  4/5   Some misses, but most are hits. Definitely worth the drive to this part of town if you are in the mood for Hawaiian food "local" style.

Portion:  5/5  How many different ways can you say the portion is huge?  Each plate is enough to share for two regular people.

Service:  4/5  Friendly service. 

Location:  Can be a long trek for some, considering the location, but I think it is worth it.  If you are visiting from out of town, unless you have your own transportation, I would suggest passing this one up (trying to get a cab out here back to the Strip would be a hassle and costly).

Price:  5/5  For the portion, it is definitely worth it.

Ambiance:  4/5  Hawaiian inspired art works adorned the walls, but I didn't pay it much attention when I saw the plates of food at the pick-up window.

Easily a solid 4 stars!
Each time I come here, I continue to love it more and more. Maybe I was too enthralled in all the great conversation with my fellow yelpers, but I could find little to fault in last nights UYE at Island Flavor. It was a great evening in celebration of a really nice guy. 

This was my third time here and the third time I had ordered the hoisin baby back ribs. Do I regret ordering the same thing and not deviating? NEVER! I did however shared the love and was shown some back when my companions offered me some of their plates. If they didn't, I would not know how good some of the other stuff was. The steak was delectable. The Korean chicken was perfection in taste and crispiness. The galbi was a disappointment. It was tough and chewy, unlike my amazing ribs. When I lifted one to take a bite, the meat slid right off. My plate was one of the few that went back bare, but I swear I shared.  The sesame poke was amazing and the serving is generous for $9.95. I might eat that when I am craving a "light" meal. We ended the night with some dessert. The banana bread pudding was good, but so dense. One bite and I was done. Then again, I did inhale a whole piece of the kona coffee mud pie. Sorry guys, you handed me a spoon and turned your back. I cannot resist ice cream. I still remember someone turning to point at how big the slice was and found a sliver left over. I ended up finishing that too. Both desserts are a great deal at $5.50. Just be careful who you decide to share them with.
I don't know why I waited so long to try this place out. The portions here are huge. The plates could feed 1 maybe 2 families. The desserts give u one sugar coma just by looking at it.  I dunno how I made it out the door I was so full.  Lol. Definitely gotta try this place out. Prices are little higher then most Hawaiian restaurants, at around $10+ a plate and around $5 for desserts, but the portions are huge and very good and is as good as it gets.  Worth the drive out.  They did a excellent job on service for a UYE.

I ready for put my order in for their Aloha plate, served only fridays, forgot what's in there but heard it runs out like that.
A displaced local buddy (who now lives in LV, i guess it makes him a LV local) took me to this place and walked out with a smile on my tummy.  A little off the beaten path from the Strip, but stepping into this place I felt if I stepped back into Hawaii.  Even the people eating here had some connection to the islands.  I had the Kalbi and the Chop Steak.  Mmmm so ono, even by local standards.  My buddy had the fried chicken and always gets it so I know that gotta be a winna.  I will make it a point to stop here whenever I am in Sin City.
We stopped by this place for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  We ordered the furikake poke and mixed plate of kalbi ribs and Hawaiian roast pork. We ate all of the poke and had a misubi and our plate of food still did not come.  The waitress gave us the bill, that's when we realized that our waitress didn't get our order right and thought we only ordered the poke. So after waiting another 10 minutes, our plate of food arrived.  It was big, just like other yelpers said.  There was enough food for both my wife and I to share one plate for lunch.  There were three pieces of kalbi ribs and a decent pile of roast pork with gravy, two scoops of rice and macaroni salad. But one piece of the kalbi ribs was all fat, with very little beef on it.  I was not too impressed with this plate, as the whole plate was lacking in flavour.  The kalbi ribs could have been marinated longer, the roast pork was not that tasty and there wasn't enough gravy for the two scoops of rice.  The macaroni salad is standard fare just like any other Hawaiian cuisine restaurant.  The misubi wasn't fresh, rice was on the hard side.  I do like the big portions of the mixed plate though and their poke was fresh and quite tasty, so I will come back and try some of there other menu items.
We came, we ate, we conquered.......well, we tried! A mix of familiar faces and a couple of first-time UYE'ers and even one that was in town for business from Cali...The food as always was very delicious, and aside from a hiccup with someones order, service overall was good.

almost everyone had doggie bags due to their massive portions, but a few of us had to have dessert...I had a couple bites of the kona coffee mud pie and made the mistake of turning my back and it "mysteriously"
disappeared...The bread pudding was comfort food at its finest, and so was the haupia cake.

Mahalo to all of those in attendance and also to the gang at Island Flavor
for a great evening...ALOHA!!!
Came by via Nelson's UYE/B-Day and had the kalbi with 2 sides which had good flavor, nice little char along with the traditional mac salad and a huge side of salad. Had some of the fellow Yelper's poke and it was all pretty good. As you would expect at a Hawaiian joint, there were tremendous portions, I took nearly half my meal home. Pretty much the only concern I had was the heavy mayo like dressing for the salad and a couple of complaints of other Yelper's katsu and roasted pork being (and looking) pretty dry other than that, I don't mind heading back here again. 3.5 rounding up.
Okay, I just ate here again. I can't get enough of this place! Everytime, I visit Vegas at my vacation condo, I come here. I have tried most of the menu including the deserts. I recommend everything so far. The deserts are great especially the banana bread pudding. The portions are huge for the price you pay. If you see anything below four stars on Yelp, they are idiots and don't know what Hawaiian food is suppose to taste like (for example, the lady who thinks the Korean chicken is too spicy..well duh.. it's Korean!) Everything has the homemade taste. Service can be slow but be patient, it is Hawaiian time!
Came here for Nelson's B-day UYE, got here rather late so i figure i'd order something quick to save my beloved fellow friends the agony of watching me slowly eating the same dishes that they have just finished eating. 

On that notion Lynn warmly recommended the hawaiian Ahi poke, the one with sesame, she suggested.  Ahi poke it is, big chunks of deep red and raw goodness nicely marinated with shoyu, green onions, sesame oil and more sesame~ To keep the ahi entertained, i also ordered some french fries along with a side of macaroni salad to satisfy my secret urge to eat fries with mayonnaise.  This combo initially raised a few eyebrows but after some effort on my part to promo the mayo-fries duo, there were empathetically accepted.

Although this joint does not fall on my normal route of commute, i will not hesitate to go back and try out a few more items on the menu.
Came here with my future bro in law. He highly recommended this place. Its kinda far from the strip, but food was decent. Its kinda nice to venture out of the bright lights of Vegas sometimes. The inside was open and very welcoming. Place was packed so we sat at the bar. 

I ordered the roast pork & kalbi combo with the gravy on the side. The kalbi ribs were some of the best I've tried! It was thick and flavorful. Juicy and not dry at all. The Mac salad though, had way to much pepper in it. The roasted pork had little flavor and the gravy wasn't that appealing either. I probably would not order the pork again. My bro in law ordered the kalbi ribs and chicken katsu combo. He let me try some katsu and it was good. Nice crunch but moist inside. Pretty darn good.

I wouldn't mind coming back to try some other items on the menu. I'll read some other Yelp reviews to see what's good and what's not...
Ox-tail soup was not that great. The meat could have been cooked more and the fat seared or trimmed a bit. I did get three huge chuncks and a few small ones portion was good.  The soup was like chicken stock or something with the bland vegetables, used to make the stock still remaining. Couple of baby bok choy thrown in was nice. Ginger not peeled or minced, still hard, not edible. Ya i was bummed. Ok so the wife had saimin with wontons and a started of fried pot stickers. I didn't ask if they were made in house but i swear to god I can get these at Costco.
I ordered their ahi poke with sesame oil, and they handed me a mountain of deliciousness.  It's not a coincidence they call it "BIG Island Style."  Humungous!  The quality of the ahi was cold, fresh, and smothered in flavorful sesame Shoyu, scallions, and onions.  I wanted to try their chantilly cake but there was none avail at the time, so we ordered their signature Kona Coffee Mud Pie.  WARNING: This is at least a 2 person portion.  The pie is made up of homemade fragrant Kona Coffee ice cream on top of a Oreo cookie crust.  It comes with a side of whip cream, and topped off with crunchy peanuts, chocolate & raspberry sauce.  You really have to try this place out to see the size yourself.
Whoa, this place is ono! Yummy and/or delicious in pidgin.

For the 2 years, I've lived in Vegas, I've never even tasted anything that come close to chicken katsu like back home TIL NOW =)

Portions are ridic. Fried rice is super flavorful with lots of spam and charsui (pork). Their macaroni salad is pretty authentic to the ones in Hawaii.

They also serve "Hawaiian style" fruit punch. Not no "Hawaiian Punch" fruit punch but, the kind that makes me feel like a kid growing up in Honolulu.

Laulau here was pretty good. And I reallllyyy don't even like laulau. Lots of meat in there instead of all the leaves.

Haupia (coconut custard, I guess) was the best part of my lunch here. AND they give you a lot of it.

Can't wait to eat here again......too bad it's on the other side of town for me.
The poke as an "appetizer" is very filling.  You can actually have this as your meal for only $9.95.  As for the lunch special deals for about $10 is also very filling.  It's really "Big Island" style portions where you can share one meal with two people.  My boyfriend and I tasted the chicken katsu loco moco and the short ribs.  These two choices are superb.  

I'd definitely would come back to this place when I head back to Las Vegas again.  This is the spot to go to if you're missing the island flavors and you want to eat someplace away from the strip.
Authentic Hawaiian food. Style, flavor and gargantuan portions will take you back to the islands. 

*Korean style chicken wings - crispy, sweet and spicy. Very nice.

* Kalbi - big portions and nice flavor. 

* Teriyaki beef - good flavor on tender pieces of beef.Perfect with rice.

* House salad - super good dressing!!!!!

*MAC salad - tasty; it's coma time!!!!!!

*Oxtail Soup - If you're in the mood to slurp. Go for it. Fall of the bone goodness. 

Places like this will always be a crowd favorite due to the excellent value for your money. To the owners of Island Flavor...I love this place. Keep serving it up.
The portions are pretty big - my bf and I usually share a combination plate of beef teriyaki and kalbi short ribs which also comes with rice and salad, or get our own and have enough for 2 meals each.  The beef teriyaki and short ribs are super tasty!  I've also tried the fresh ahi poke and pork won tons - both are really good.  I wasn't a fan of the chop steak or chicken katsu but that could just be me.
This family run locals spot is a gem!
Nothing at all like the Hawaiian barbecue chains with boring mayo noodles and canned brown gravy on frozen fries.  This is home cooked island fare with a touch of love and happiness....in a portion large enough to put you in a coma!

I've actually converted 2 Hawaiian barbecue nay-sayers in their 1st visit here.

Mmmmmm summarizes.
Great food and huge portions!! Awesome stuff!
Love this place. I wish the menu was a litle bigger and it is a little out of the way. The food is fantastic and the staff is great!!
Whoa, a good plate lunch place in the desert! 

Its not exactly Hawaii's plate lunch but nothing wrong with some reinterpretation for mainland taste (mashed potatoes as an option instead of rice, or chicken katsu with brown gravy; huh?)

The teri steak, teri chicken, and kalbi are just as good as any back home.  All are deeply marinated, lightly charred, cooked well done, and served messy over rice and mac salad. Win!  The Portuguese bean soup and oxtail soup are also both good but can't top the best back home.  

The plates are large. 

Prices are EXTREMELY high.  At around $10 per plate, its even more expensive than most Hawaii plate lunch restaurants.  Unfortunate since you can get so much more for your money elsewhere off the Strip.
This is one of my favorite places to grab some local Hawaiian grinds. It's always good for the price and the social experience. The tables and chairs are spaced moderately from each other so while your party is still granted some form of privacy it's still close enough to catch parts of the conversation going next to you. Normally I don't like to eavesdrop but here you can't help it. You hear stories about places back in the islands, memories growing up, uh-oh's from the party last night, grandma's funny joke, the usual gossip, and loud bursts of laughter just to name a few. Bottom line is, everyone is enjoying themselves and that's the atmosphere you would expect here. The menu has a good selection and if that's not enough, throw in a page of the day's specials and homemade desserts. The only bad part about this experience is trying to figure out what you want to order. Make sure you come with an appetite because the portions are huge! More power to you if you can throw it all back but I usually leave with enough leftovers to last for the rest of the day. No extra star only because it took a while before the food came but it was no one's fault. The place was busy and I was starving. (o.O)
When that craving for some food from the island hits, there's no escaping it.

It's a hunger like no other. Luckily, over at Island Flavor, they give some of the largest portions that I have ever seen. It's like Hash House A Go Go-portions for Hawaiian Cuisine, except the food here is actually good.

The place was a bit on the empty side around 11am on a late Saturday morning. Seeing an empty place on a weekend always leaves me a bit hesitant to eat somewhere. But, I had a gut instinct telling me to eat here anyway. I'm glad I did. Here's what we went with:

Fried Rice Omelet - When this dish is served to you, it looks like a majestic mountain pile, capped at the peak with a generous amount of scrambled egg. Along with it, comes three giant pieces of Portuguese sausage, nestled around the edges of the plate. The fried rice, packed underneath, has to be some of the best fried rice that I've ever had in this town. It had a bit of a unique sweet flavor to it, mixed in with some small bits of diced pork. I'm pretty sure this serving was good enough to feed 3-4 people. I stared at this modern marvel for a few seconds before I dug in. It was beautiful sight.

Loco Moco - Another heavily portioned dish with a likewise amount of brown gravy, to boot. I sampled a bit of it. Not bad! the hamburger patty included with it was humongous, as expected. Loco Moco is much too heavy a dish for me to conquer on my own. I'd probably come back for this if I wanted to drown a day of depression in gravy.

Huge portions, great flavors, friendly staff.. there's isn't much more I could want in a restaurant.
Tasty dishes + Huge portions + Low prices = Happy tummy & even Happier wallet.
To top it off, staff is so friendly... Treats you like family!
I really needed to just say that their chicken Katsu loco moco with fried rice under neath and a sunny side egg.. Is definitely my death row last meal.

This place is over 20 miles from my house BUT it's so good! 

I got here at about 8 with a friend and after seeing the help pictures, I had to order this dish.  And after my cousins recommendations,

The portion is huge! It's a huge bowl, think pho bowl, with real quality pork fried rice on the bottom. This fried rice is so good! I'd eat it by itself. 

Then there's a heaping portion of chicken Katsu, the light brown gravy, and the egg on top.

I like the option of having the egg cooked how you like, although I'm sure a true hawaain may correct me on the style the egg should be cooked.

Everything was such good quality and although my mouth was willing, my stomache was not and I had to take half to go.

The service was super fast and super nice and I overall loved this place.

I'll definitely be back whenever I'm on the south west side of town.
This is probably the best Hawaiian food in all of Las Vegas! The food, staff, and atmosphere at Island Flavor bring me back to my vacations in Hawaii. You definitely have come here hungry as the portions are big enough to share or to have left overs. I always get the poke appetizer which is very fresh tuna. I usually also get a mixed plate which lets you get 2 different local favorites (either chicken katsu, beef teriyaki, chicken teriyaki, hamburger steak, shrimp, kalbi ribs, roast pork, chop steak, or korean chicken). The Loco Moco is also very good and on Fridays you can get the Hawaiian plate special with lau lau. Come hungry, hang out and relax to traditional hawaiian food that makes you feel like you are back on the islands.
tasty food and good size portions, homemade presentation and flavor.
This place may be small, but their portions are HUMOGENOUS. I order the loco moco chicken katsu and I only ate about an eighth of it. The prices are reasonable when you consider how much food you're actually getting. Can't wait to go back to try some other things bc everybody's dishes looked amazeballs!
Chantilly cake!!!!! SOOOO GOOD!!!!! really liked the Kalbi short ribs!!!  Definitely worth checking this place out when in Vegas!!  It's a little bit of Hawaii in Vegas!!
Seriously yummy Hawaiian food with very large sized portions.  So much fresher than other local competition.  I love chicken katsu loco moco and the Chantilly cake.  The poke is really good too.  I always do take out and my order is ready and waiting right on time.
Great food at a resonate price with large portions !
We ordered take out from this place, so I didn't get to experience the ambiance, but we were pleased with the food.

In order of yummines, must eats in BOLD:

CHICKEN KATSU LOCO MOCO - Breaded chicken over rice, under sauce and egg.  Very tasty.  Large portions.

Chicken teriyaki salad - We ordered this just to get some greens in the mix.  The salad part was just OK.  But the chicken was super tender and flavorful.

Ahi tuna poke - Basically a huge mound of tuna sashimi.  I liked it, but sure what makes it so special.

===

Would I come off the strip for this place?  Probably not.  But I might hit it up again if I'm visiting family in the area and craving Loco Moco.
Only in a Hawaiian restaurant is it endearing (and not tacky) when your server comes around, holding her baby while taking your food order ;)

Seriously though, Island Flavor is legit! True Hawaiian food at its best!!! I found this restaurant through Yelp and it is worth the (less than) 20 minute drive from the strip. 

My boyfriend & I split the Furikake Poke, while he opted for the Fried Rice Omelet with Portuguese Sausage and I got the combo with KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) and Teri Beef.....Omgaaaah, so delicious (or should I say "ono"!) The portions were monstrous, but most importantly, the food was amazing.  I have been craving REAL Ahi Poke and I'm so glad I got to have my fix here! Huge chunks of fresh Ahi Poke sprinkled with Furikake mmm, it was perfect. I have also been on a Korean Fried Chicken kick recently, and Island Flavor definitely got it right. So crispy, juicy and garlicy! The Teri Beef was great quality (not thin or stringy at all) and the sweet sauce was the clincher. No lie, everything we ate was amazing....even the Mac salad and Guava Juice!

I am definitely going to try to come here next time I'm in Vegas :) Now seriously, can we get a Hawaiian joint as good as this in So Cal? Enough L&L, I want an Island Flavor haha!
What is that you hear upon walking in.....locals speaking pidgin (FYI if you don't know what this is, google it!)..yup this place must be the real deal =)  Having lived in Hawaii for a brief period of time...the food here definitely compares to the plate lunches from the island.  

My personal favorites are the korean chicken wings/drummettes and the fried poke plate!  Now, how do you fry poke...isn't the point for the fish to be raw?!....normally that is true but they serve a seared poke that I would describe as mini ahi tuna steak nuggets...served with a huge portion of rice and mac salad.   They offer to cook the poke all the way through, but don't do it unless you want to ruin your meal...just a light sear is all you need for the fish to have a melt in your mouth feel =)  

I've also had the katsu loco moco (katsu covered with a fried egg and copious amounts of gravy) and this is not for the faint of heart....I believe my take out box felt like it weighed 5 lbs...this order quickly puts me into "droopy eyelid mode".....in other words food coma...so be forewarned.
I love this place! My local friends introduce me to Island Flavor and I have to say, the grinds = AMAZING! Plus the aunties are wonderful. The best in the mainland!!!

My favorite dish is the Loco Moco. They're very generous with the gravy and the hamburger is enormous!

LOVE LOVE LOVE Island Flavor!
Coming into this joint, and expecting to eat healthy is a definite no no. Small portions? Forget it. The Hawaiian moral code to eat plentiful, and well is sure to meet those standards here. I did decided to get the chicken teriyaki salad. One word. AMAZING! The portion was huge!!! It had these huge slices of purple yams which were fresh, sweet, and oh so delicious. The sesame dressing? To die for! And it makes a great combination with the greens on the salad and the chicken teriyaki on it. 

The service was great, and our waitress was very friendly. Our waitress did slide a few witty jokes here and there. She also enganged in starting small talk which I think was very nice and hospitable of her. The place is small, but I feel that the envorniment and homely atmosphere makes it appropriate for the place to be small, and decorated with very small and simple paintings and decoration.

I see why it's a five star dine in experience. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!
So funny. After a day of Christmas shopping, I wanted to bring my mom to a local spot that we don't get to go to before because it's kinda of outta the way of our usual haunts.

Came here and got their misoyaki opakapaka & my mom got their oxtail.
I got the opakapaka bcuz I've gotten hounded by friends to try it; and I loved it but, was not expecting how big the filets of fish were going to be. Granted, I'm an idiot for even trying to complain about the size so I won't complain....it's just a shocker! I swear the fish filets were bigger than my fork. lol

Mom loved the oxtail. She said it made her heart warm. AWWW! lol
She said it's better than the oxtail from The California Hotel because the oxtail was all meat as opposed to The Cal's fatty oxtail. I liked how they had bok choy in their soup. Not something I've seen in other oxtails. Def adds to the specialty side of Island Flavors soup.

The workers all loved my mom and kept asking her if she liked the soup. lol Idk what it is about my mom; whenever we go to these fam local style spots, they always wanna make sure my mom is good. Which is great....adds to the family style establishment they got going here =)

Add this to another "MOTHER TESTED, MOTHER APPROVED" places my mom requires me to take her to in the future!
This ain't no L&L, this is the real deal! Every time I've eaten here the food has always been fresh and tasted authentic. I think their oxtail soup is as good as it gets when you don't want to trek to Downtown and visit the Cal. Honestly I feel the oxtail is much better here than the Cal. ;) Portion size is everything here, so you get what you pay for that's for sure.

Now this place is located near Rhodes Ranch. I would say that 90% of their business is take out so the restaurant is never really busy. But if you do decide to eat there, it's a pretty laid-back place no fancy decorations. The owners add their own personal touch but displaying pictures of friends and family on the wall.
Decided to try out this place after reading so many positive reviews. After inputting the address realized it was much further than I thought... Just under 10 miles from my house.  The storefront had blacked out windows and I thought they were closed. Went inside and was blown away by the heat! It had to be over 90 degrees in there! Oh well hope my order doesn't take too long. Decided on Kalbi ribs and Teriyaki chicken. Also got an order of banana bread pudding and haupia cake. The portions were large. Both plates came with 2 scoops of rice and macaroni salad. Rice is rice and Mac salad was okay.. Kind of bland though. The Kalbi had great flavor ( I should know .. I'm Korean) but could've been a little more tender and was a little too fatty. I think the highlight was the chicken. They were super flavorful , tender and so juicy!!! The bread pudding was enough for 4 people and pretty yummy. The haupia cake was to die for !!! All in all I was pretty happy and would go again and try some other items on their menu. Just too far to go regularly.
Wow, the portions here is HUGE is all I have to say. 

I ordered their special of the day which was: Kalua Pig and cabbage, ahi poke, rice, macaroni,  salsa, and some kind of coconut dessert and man was it delicious. The Kalua pig was cook perfectly, soft and not salty at all. The ahi poke was fresh and very well marinated, the macaroni was good  love the big black pepers in there, and their dessert was the icing on the cake for me. I wasn't the fan of the salsa but that's just b/c I'm not an onion peron. 

I also shared the oxtail soup with my boyfriend and it was good, too much ginger flavor for me though but other than that I would totally come back here to eat if I'm ever in Vegas again.
I gave this place a try on my way home from Las Vegas.  Awesome kalbi short ribs!  The staff was nice and efficient.
Took my 7 year old to Island Flavor after picking him up from school yesterday. Overall have to say I was pleased. Having been in Vegas for ten years, I've seen 'local' food places come and go, and I hope this place sticks around awhile. Friendly island folks in the front of the house AND the kitchen (which is a rarity). Had the sweet & sour spare ribs off the daily specials menu. Didn't know what to expect, but first bite left me nodding in approval. Son liked the mini chicken katsu plate he ordered. Mac salad was good as well. We both shared an order of the coconut-pineapple ice cream, served with whip cream. Will definitely be back even if it is a bit of a drive from Summerlin.
The food here is wonderful!  I had the mixed plate of Kalbi and Chicken Katsu.  The Katsu was moist, crunchy and not oily.  The Kalbi was tender.  The mixed plate had three huge pieces of Kalbi, 10 pieces of Katsu, macaroni salad, and I paid extra to get their pork fried rice.  I took home a little more than half my food and it barely fit into the to go box!
The servers were friendly.  But the reason I didn't give them four stars was because the service was SLOW!  We waited over 30 minutes for our food.  Granted they were busy but...
All things considered, I'll definitely be making the drive to try more of their food.
If you are in the SW definitely visit Island Flavor!
My boyfriend brought me here and I LOVE IT!! I cant wait to go again, food was great!! No doubt about it, you have to try this place!!
This place is amazing.  I've been coming here for a little over a year now and have been meaning to review this place.  

First off Momma at the counter is a fun and funny as anyone I've ever met.  The service is a bit slow so I factored that into the rating but not in a bad way.  Just in a you need to ask them for it if you want it way.  But they are always, always happy to get it for you.

My favorite is the Chicken Katsu Moco Loco.   My girl likes the Kalua Pig and Cabbage.  We have also tried the  Moco Loco, Chicken Katsu, Kalbi, Chicken Teriyaki, and Poke.  Everything is magnificent.  I have to admit, somedays the seasoning seems to be off.  Either not salty enough or too spicy.  This only tells me everything is being made fresh and it shouldn't bother me but it does.

Still I give high marks to this place and like I said I've been hitting this place up 2-3 times a month.
This place is definitely a gem in Las Vegas. The food is absolutely delish, especially the gravy! The portions are definitely HUGE! We ordered 2 dishes to take out for the 2 of us and lasted us 3 meals. Wish we tried this place earlier as it is so close to our home.
I'm from Hawaii so when I crave Hawaiian BBQ it needs to hit home. The location is perfect since I live in the area. A plus is that this is a family owned business so you see the same friendly faces when you go in. 

My personal favorite the loco moco. The beef patty reminds me of a well seasoned and cooked meatloaf. My second favorite is the teryaki chicken the marinade isn't salty and its actually cooked on a grill. I hate those Hawaiian "barbecue" place that cook their meat on flat tops. The flavor profile of meat cooked on the grill is irreplaceable. The desserts here are delicious and huge so order one for the table and share away. 

Highly recommend  this place. The only downside is that they are closed Sunday and Monday but I guess they need days off too :)
yes yes yes, big island ono grinds!!! my cousins and i got three plates and shared everything. and i had to get my ultimate fav: lilikoi passion fruit juice to chase everything down with. mmmmm! my mouth waters just thinking about that juice!

now onto the food: i ordered the hawaiian plate which included lau lau, rice, mac salad, haupia, salmon lomi lomi, and tako poke. and my cousins ordered the chicken katsu loco moco and two item plate special with kalbi ribs and teri chicken. the loco moco gravy is like no other i've tasted before, and with the chicken katsu, to die for! the teri chicken was standard, but not dry to a plus in my book. the kalbi ribs were just right, and the lau lau made my freakin' trip! a little bit of pork for the fattyness and flavor and chicken for variety. add some hot sauce on everything, and i was damn good to go!

if there is one complaint, they were a little slow. but since i now live in nyc, i'm used to being super rushed. i've forgotten what it's like to be laid back and relax! i def need to fix that one, maybe a trip back to visit nanang and tatang in kalihi?!

all the food was delicious and i would eat here all the time if it wasn't for these three factors: i don't live in las vegas or anywhere near it; if not eating it all day everyday would make me a fatass, literally; and i need variety in my life when it comes to food. i can't just have hawaiian food for the rest of my life. but it's not to say that if it was all there was left to eat in this world, that i wouldn't be happy as all hell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The best Ive had in a long time! They treated us like family and the food was wonderful. Finally a place w/ island style portions and recipes! I will be using the service I just received as a model for the restaurant I manage. Thanks Island Flavor
So a little back story about this place.  The owners, aunty Maile and uncle Bruce once owned a place called Big Island Grill in Kailua-Kona, HI...my hometown.  I know this family because my dad used to belong to a motorcycle club with uncle Bruce.  They moved up to Vegas for personal reasons and opened Island Flavor.  Trust me though, my connection to them has NOTHING to do with my 5 stars.  Their food is what I'm used to, what I love and what I crave for when I want Hawaiian-local food.  

Because I live on the Southeast side of town, I seldom visit this restaurant.  Tonight was the first time I've been there in almost 6 months.  Here's what I had and also what I've had before:

Oxtail Soup- As we say in Hawaii, "BROKE DA MOUTH!"  So delicious.  Tender oxtail, accompanied with ginger, carrots, celery and onions.  They don't put pine nuts in it like the California Hotel does, but nevertheless, very good!  They put white rice on the side which I end up throwing into the soup for a well rounded meal in my books!

Chicken Katsu- Like everything else in this place, the portion sizes are out of this world!!  You pay about $10 for this dish, but you get $10 worth of food.  I've had a lot of chicken katsus in my life as this is one of my top five dishes of all time.  Let me say that this one of the top three BEST chicken katsu dishes I've had.  The panko breading is super crispy and best of all, they use dark meat!  Yum-o and AH-MAZE-ING!

Specials I've had in the past:  Misoyaki Opakapaka- OH EM GEE!  If you ever have been fortunate in your life to try this snapper and misoyaki (miso-teriyaki type) sauce, you would agree that the combination is heavenly!  I was never disappointed by this dish.  Always delivered "on point!" The best part: Two HUGE fillet portions in one order!  It's like a plate of never-ending heavenly amazingness!

Mud Pie- Don't take this the wrong way, but I'd say you will have a food orgasm with this ending (or beginning, depending on when you eat it!).  Start off with a great foundational Oreo cookie crust, then a gigantic wedge of Kona coffee ice cream and topped off with more crushed Oreos.  This dessert is accompanied with a raspberry and lemon drizzle which appeals to all 5 senses! LOL  Cheesy, but sooo true.  I literally have dreams about this dessert!

Let me finish off by saying that for the lack of frequecies in my visits, I am always pleasantly greeted by Aunty Maile when I arrive as well as uncle Bruce, who's stationed in the kitchen window.  Their waitstaff include Leilani, a friend from back home and Jasmine, a dear friend of mine.  With all this love, how could you not feel like you were part of the family?!
I wouldnt give you a five star yet, just because you have a little piece of heaven in kona coffee mud pie. 

The food here is humongous. I ordered one item for the two of us just because we are asian and dont really eat hawaian portion kind of food.

So far, we ate the katsu loco moco, the korean chicken wings and the kalbi. Nothing over the top. Loco moco is huge with lots of gravy, chicken wings to sweet and kalbi too chewy. 

Their dessert though is probably the best in the desert. Absolutely must try.
We loved this place, I had the shoyu chicken and my husband had beef ribs both dishes were onolicious, very large portionsand the poke was winnas, .  We will be back in April to try the desserts.
After reading the reviews in LV Weekly, decided to try..although it is about 25 miles away from home.  From Hawaii, and miss the food back home.  Portion size varies.. On the mixed plates, they were generous but BF ordered Teri beef and portion was small.  Laulau had lots of meat but missed the taste of the butterfish that you get back home. Ahi poke was very fresh.  Korean chicken wings were not crispy. Macaroni salad disappointing. Service is slow and waitress is missing the aloha spirit. Prices are higher than the other Hawaiian food places.  Would return there again for the poke but for the rest of the menu...I can find it closer to home.
Former Hawaii residents that now call Vegas home recommended that I try Island Flavor. Well I did, and it lived up to every review I've read. I don't know one person that didn't like their experience or food at the restaurant. It's true, IT IS THE BEST HAWAIIAN /LOCAL FOOD IN LAS VEGAS. (I've tried several others) I ordered the Hawaiian plate with kalua pig & cabbage (lau lau was sold out) it was good, they give ALOT of food, however I'm here to rave about their desserts. THE KONA MUD PIE IS THE BEST I HAVE EVER TASTED. Food Orgasm is an understatement, also the GUAVA CAKE omg...THE BEST. The Poke...hella fresh. It's sad we have to go to Vegas to eat the best poke, kona mud pie, and guava cake. I'm from Maui and we have nothing that comes close to that. I'll definately go back to Island Flavor whenever I go back to Vegas. HANA HOU!!
A tad bit pricey but the poke is good...
A large group of us dined here to celebrate a friend's birthday. I had heard tons of good things and couldn't wait to get my plate of food. Since we were such a large group it took a bit to come out, but the wait was well worth it! The portion sizes were ridiculously huge, so I had enough for both lunch and dinner!

I got a combination plate with the Hawaiian roasted pork and the Teriyaki beef. The roasted pork is something dreams are made of! It is almost like turkey, but slices of fork tender pork covered in the most delicious brown gravy. This was the highlight of my meal and the white rice just balanced out each bite. The teriyaki beef was also good, a little chewy, but I loved the sauce. I also tried the Chicken Katsu covered in the Korean chicken sauce. It was crispy and delicious! I wasn't a fan of their mac salad, although I tried it a couple of times just to be sure.  

Now, Island Flavor really excels at dessert! They get their cakes from the bakery next door and they are seriously out of this world. The Chantilly cake is beyond amazing! Run, seriously run now and get a piece. It is the most moist and delicious chocolate cake. I also enjoyed a piece of the guava cake today! It has the best whipped cream frosting which makes each bite so delicate. This is definitely the pinnacle of Hawaiian food in Las Vegas, you won't be disappointed!
Yesterday was an epic random celebratory luncheon.  Try saying that 5 times. LOL. 

We all know how I feel about this place.  Love it.  The food is total comfort.  The staff is AH-MAZE-ING.  I truly feel like I'm back home in Kona, Hawaii when I come here.  Partly because the owners and most of the staff is also from my hometown.  

The ONLY suggestion I have for this place is to expand.  Either expand the current location or expand to another location on the east side of town.  When we arrive, there was a wait and the entire restaurant was filled.  Maika'i Island Flavor!  Business is booming.  

I got the mix plate for 10.50- In my mix, I chose the chicken katsu dip and roast pork.  The chicken katsu is perfectly breaded and then drenched in their Korean sauce.  SOOOO GOOOD!!!  THE BEST chicken katsu I've had.  Every time.  The roast pork.  Believe me when I say that the roast pork outshined the katsu for me.  Tender, marbleized and served with a light brown gravy.  I didn't want that dish to stop for me!

For dessert, I got the Kona coffee mud pie slice for $5.50 and the Chantilly cake slice for $5.00.  The price sounds a little steep but trust me, you get your monies worth.  These cakes are served with whipped cream and both, a raspberry and lemon drizzle.  I'm in heaven.  The Chantilly cake is like a German chocolate without the coconut and the mud pie is an orgasm in your mouth LOL.  The Oreo cookie crust held this monumental slice of heaven together.  

Although everyone at the table got so many different things, my cousin got the shoyu poke which I have to rave about.  This poke was accompanied with onions, green onions and soy sauce.  If you've ever had the fortunate opportunity to try poke, you need to get this dish.  The raw chunks of tuna were fresher than fresh.  The soy sauce was perfect for the dish. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

This place always does it for me.  It's a shame I never go as often as I should because of the travel time.  When I do though, I'm always confident that my entire experience will top notch!
Yummmmy good!!! Really good island food, big portions, great prices, and lots of aloha. Desserts are huge & oh so yummy (Try the guava cake :)! I come here several times every time I'm in Vegas =D
i was craving for some good island food today and i wanted to try this...OMG its freaking awesome! whoever gives this less than 3 stars are probably just hard to please because when i was there, it was packed and we all know what that means. the staff were very friendly, esp this one younger waitress who was so kind i just had to give her a 35% tip. i felt so bad how she was running all over the place trying to tend to everyone while still having a smile on her face. food was delicious and at first i thought it was a bit steep but it was worth it because it was so yummy and theyre not stingy w/ the portions either. that was some freaking great teriyaki steak! and i was sooooo glad they cooked it perfectly for me w/out even me asking for...it was served medium rare w/ their delicious sauce all over it. i wish the service was a little faster but it seems everything here is made fresh. i would definitely go back.
Went with my family during spring break. The family enjoyed the food - portions are huge! The staff was friendly to us and appreciated that they were on our must try list while on vacation.

Thumbs up on the Korean Fried Chicken (loved the flavor, would have loved it more if it was boneless white meat used instead of the wings - like they do in Hawaii). The Hawaiian roast pork was on point! The Chantilly cake was good - satisfied the craving. I still like Liliha Bakery's Chantilly cake better.

Will definitely come back if I'm in the area again.
Came here with my buddy and his wife.  I thought it was decent for lunch on a friday.  Cheap deals (lunch special).  Portion is very generous and the roast pork is amazing.  Reminds me of Hawaii.  Service was wonderful and the place is clean.  

Parking is great, big lot.
The food was great, the loco moco was very filling and the gravy was tasty and complimented the dish well, thick burger patty! Once you walk into this restaurant, you immediately get a good vibe feeling that the food is going to be good. The drive from the airport or downtown may seem long, but It's located just before it seems like its off the beaten path...bring your gps
Don't mind me I'm just going to start listing items you just got to try here.

Fried Rice Omelet plate is huge perfect for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Comes with a large portion of fried rice with pieces of char siu mixed in, topped with an omelet of who knows how many eggs, and also thick slices of Portuguese sausage.

Kalbi short ribs mighty tasty and probably the thickest cuts of Kalbi here. Not the best for those who are dieting.

Shoyu ahi poke very tasty perfect on it own or with beer on a hot day while grilling.
 
Katsu loco moco, I know weird huh. I've seen it all over the place but never thought of trying a non-hamburger loco moco. I've been missing out its actually pretty good. I guess whenever I'm feeling like loco moco I'll order regular hamburger most times and every other time swap out for a non traditional loco moco.

Huge slice of Kona Coffee Mud pie and other cakes and desserts. If you still have room for this congratulations to you.  Just like their plates, their desserts are big and delicious.

Last but not least the Hawaiian plate which is only offered Fridays, is the best way to end the work week and to start the weekend. The only day of the week they have lau lau on the menu. It comes with two scopes of rice, lau lau, lomi lomi salmon, ahi poke, mac salad, and haupia. This is probably the best Hawaiian plate you can get in Vegas and it's getting so popular that they sometimes run out, from what I've heard, thankfully I haven't ran into that problem yet. Reason why I mentioned it last, I want mine LOL.
Grew up on Hawaiian food, and lived on Big island and Oahu, despite I'm a Cali and Vegas boy. This is the best in town. Been to almost every one. Forget the nearby L&L and Ohanas.. Go here! One time they gave me free chantilly since my order took ridiculously long. I declined, but they insisted! I just wanted the food!!! Only once the LauLau was too salty, but other than than never had a problem, and food was always good..
Come hungry , be prepared for great food and the buttons off your pants to pop off! You will be reminded of the taste of the island!  A friend recommended this restaurant and without a doubt this is one of the best recommendations!

We are hooked on Aloha Fridays (the only day lau lau is served).  Once they run out their out!  The Kalua Pig and cabbage, Chicken Katsu  and Kalbi Short Ribs are one (and many more) of our favorites.  The Hawaiian Style Saimin soup comes with everything (not like other places that charge extra for wontons or vegetables, crazy!?).  Island Flavor also caters to customers who rather have steak.  The top sirloin and rib eye are served to perfection (tender and juicy) as though it was cooked in a gourmet steakhouse.

Now if you have a sweet tooth for good dessert, this is also the place!  Their Chantilly, Hopia and Guava cakes are to die for! Kona Coffee Mud pie and banana bread pudding are also a must to taste.  You will savor every taste by flavoring each layer of awesome goodness.

The servings are mammoth and the price is worth every penny, especially when you have enough for another meal the next day!

Island Flavor has such a welcoming atmosphere.  The staff is extremely friendly and attentive!  As often as we eat here, we came in as customers and leave as their friends.
YUMMY GUAVA CHIFFON CAKE = 5 STARS!!!!

Andrea's World of Cakes located right next door to Island Flavor makes the cakes that are sold here....
So, if you would like to order more than a slice go next door because you can get a good sized cake for a good price.

Guava Chiffon Cake is easy to come by on the islands but so rare to find here in Vegas so I'm so happy that if I'm craving a yummy slice of Guava Chiffon Cake I can just come to Island Flavor (just not on Sundays and Mondays- Boo Hoo )....

**Inside Island Flavor they removed the sushi bar (from the previous buisness) from the middle of the room and it's much more spacey - Good call Island Flavor**
This was my first time trying Hawaiian bbq, and I must say, that while I enjoyed the flavors and tastes, I felt the execution was rather poor.

While we didn't have to wait for a table (party of 2-myself and my boyfriend), we did wait an extremely long time for a server to come take our drink orders. They seemed very understaffed for a Friday afternoon/early evening. Our server was very nice, and she even brought out a sample of their special stew for me to try, and she gave me props for even trying it, considering I'd never had Hawaiian food before. I ended up ordering a combination plate with chicken katsu and beef teriyaki. 

After the waitress took our food orders, a rather large party of 10 or so people came in, and she asked us if we would mind moving to another table to accomodate the party (pushing the tables/chairs together), so we moved, and she said she would give us dessert on the house, which I thought was really nice of her.

We ended up waiting around 40 minutes for our food. I was starving at this point. They must have been short staffed in the kitchen as well. I dug in to my food the second I got it. Their macaroni salad was divine. I have never had macaroni salad that tasted that good before; it was this creamy and salty sensation that hit all the right taste buds. I wish I had more of it. Their rice was just as amazing. I felt like I could have eaten 4 scoops of it instead of 2. 

The entrees weren't as good as I hoped. The chicken were cut into huge pieces, which I thought was a plus, but that katsu sauce was extremely salty and potent. I only put a dab onto each piece and it still overpowered the chicken completely. I didn't care for the sauce at all. It was so salty and meaty tasting (probably loaded with MSG) that it made me dislike the dish. I had better hope for the beef teriyaki, but that let me down as well. It was again, extremely salty, almost to the point of where I couldn't eat it. The meat wasn't cooked uniformly, some pieces were immensely rare, and others were extremely well done. The meat was also very fatty, and I didn't enjoy having to constantly cut off the fatty parts from the meaty parts.

The meal was really saved by dessert. Their mud pie was so huge! I have never seen one like that before. It was covered in whipped cream (yum), nuts, and a duo of caramel and chocolate sauces along with a drizzle of honey. It was perfection. I wanted to eat all of it, but alas, my stomach is only so big. I savored the parts with the crust the most, but this was definitely one of the best desserts I've ever had the pleasure of eating.

Overall, the service was good, the wait times were atrocious, and the food was hit or miss; thus, deserving of 3 stars.
Good food and good service.
Outstanding, authentic local style grinds. The portion sizes are LARGE, so go hungry. The chicken katsu was the best I have tried in Las Vegas. The lau lau (only available on Friday) was the only disappointment. It was small and the pork was very dry. Other than that, no complaints.
You're just too good to be true
Can't take my mind off of you
Tropical food in L-V
Desert oasis, you see
Portions big on plate lunch
Oh how I loved it a bunch
You're just too good to be true
Can't take my mind off of you

Pardon the way that I eat
Such island flavors on meat
Chicken 'yaki sweet and sour
Chopped steak I quickly devour
Kalbi ribs were just fine
HOISIN RIBS so divine
You're just too good to be true
Can't take my mind off of you

I love you 'Flava
Your food is outta sight
I need you 'Flava
On a hot Vegas night
I love you 'Flava
Trust in me when I say
Oh Island Flavor
You beat all the buffets
Oh Island Flavor
You truly do amaze
And so I Yelp! you 'Flava
Let me Yelp! you...

You're just too good to be true
Can't take my mind off of you
Haupia cake so creamy light
Guava cake a delight
Opakapaka salad so fresh
Brought goosebumps to my flesh
You're just too good to be true
Can't take my mind off of you

 I love you 'Flava
Your food is outta sight
I need you 'Flava
On a hot Vegas night
I love you 'Flava
Trust in me when I say
Oh Island Flavor
You beat all the buffets
Oh Island Flavor
You truly do amaze
And so I Yelp! you 'Flava
Let me Yelp! you...
if you want a taste of real hawaiian food this the the place to go..any local from islands will free right at home here. There is no haole inspired terriyaki chicken with pineapple at this place..true katsu, authentic short ribs, home made mac salad..and the portion size arein true hawaiian tradition...I have eaten here over a dozen times and the place is familly run..so you feel like you are going to a bbq at an aunties house rather than a formal dining place..which is awesome for family dinners with a 4yr old..the ladies that work the night shifts call my daughter by name and treat her like their own little neice..letting her order herself and occasionally getting a free ice cream if she is a good girl
The food here is not low-fat by any means..but if you want some amazing hawaiian comfort food here you go..this place is run laid-back island style..so go here to just cruise and relax not if your on a time schedule..this is not the place to get in and out for a quick bite..its a place to bring the whole ohana and talk story of some ono grinds...its a place to remember that a meal is a time to make memories and share family values while breaking bread..not a place to just feed your stomach when your hungry..i feel like I am back home in da islands everytime we come here

gotta try the short-ribs
mixed plate
ribeye steak
korean chicken katsu dip
and the chantilly cake..omg

nothing on this menu is small portioned or prepared wrong..you can tell the food is made with family love..so go enjoy some Aloha!!
The BF and I were near a friends house and about to beer fest so we needed some food to buffer it. 

We shared a combo plate of Korean chicken and the Hawaiian pork w/ gravy (which we added a egg to make it into a loco moco). The korean chicken are crispy little wings and drumlettes with a really tasty sweet and tangy sauce. That would be awesome if you can order a bucket of these like how chicken wings places serve it because we could definitely eat more of these. The pork wasn't shredded like I expected but slices off a big roast. It was a bit dry, but the flavor was pretty good. Wish we ordered just the Korean chicken, but we've never been here so wanted to try more than one thing. The serving was plentiful for both of us so the portions here on the heavy side of things. 

I read a lot of positive reviews for their cakes so we decided to get a Haupia cake. That was really delicious. the layers of cake was moist and light, had a good custard, nice coconut flavor that wasn't overpowering. If this was a place near our house I think I would come more often for cake than food. 

The server was full of Hawaiian hospitality and checked on us often. 

I can see why people like this place but it is far for us to ever make a point of coming here more than once in a while. If you're in the SW area though, this is better places to eat in the neighborhood.
Located in a strip mall with plenty of parking, this place appears to have expanded from one store front to two.  The photos on the wall don't appear to be the same kitchen pass through window.  I can see why this place has 200+ reviews and a high average.  This is no fluke. This is not 200 friends of restaurant yelp-up this place.  The food is just incredible and it's not that expensive.  I had the kalbi and slow cooked pork combo with a side salad.  I knew this was going to be good when the side salad rocked.  The freshest romaine lettuce I have ever seen in Vegas with fresh tomatoes, cucumber and a slice of bean cake.  A creamy sesame dressing with crispy wonton chips made a starter for what's to come.  The mac salad was very good.  The kalbi was tender on the outter region and nice and flavorful chewy near the bone.  You get 9 bones in this order.  The bbq is really good and has a slight char for more flavor.  The slow cooked pork was tender on the inside and chewy on the outside where the heat dries out the meat into a nice chewy texture. Not quite a chicharone texture, but almost.  The table next to me got the pokii and it looked fantastic.  I'm definitely coming back with my friends who are arriving to Vegas later.  This place is for real and the chef is doing things right.
LOVED this place!!!

Great food, really nice employees, no Las Vegas strip attitude!

Loco Moco: BOMB
Korean Chicken: BOMB
Roasted Pork with gravy: eh, OK. (wouldn't get it again)
Katsu dipped in Korean Chicken Sauce: BOMB

Too bad they didn't have Poke when we visited. :(

Would I go back here again? HELL YEAH!
After going to Oahu this summer for a conference, I was super excited to find a good Hawaiian restaurant near where I live here in Vegas.  For those of you that know and have been to Rainbow Drive In on Oahu, you will surely be a fan of this place.

First off I have to say that the portions here are HUGE!!!! So come hungry or be prepared to share or take a doggy bag home.  The mixed plate comes with your choice of two items off the menu, along with 2 scoops of rice and a scoop of mac salad.  I've had the Portuguese bean soup, the Kahlua pork and cabbage, the Hawaiian style roast pork, and the chicken Katsu, and all were delicious.  Both times the pork has been done perfectly, tender and still juicy, which was a nice surprise.  I also liked the brown gravy that they served the roast pork with, it added just the right amount of richness to the dish.  I've also tried the lomi lomi salmon, and it was tasty too, but I'm just not a huge fan of salmon so I didn't think that much of it overall.

The service here is great, and the ladies, when they're not run off their feet, are happy to chat with you, and play do we know anyone in common from back on the islands.  Prices are great considering the amount of food you get here.  Overall, I say go go go if you want a taste of real Hawaiian food.
This place works! If you're in the mood for Hawaiian cuisine in Las Vegas, stop in. This place is definitely off the strip, which is always a plus in my book. 

Our party had the Korean ribs, Chopped steak, Roast pork, Kalua Pig, Korean chicken, Fried rice omelet, and Fried poke salad. I did sample all of the dishes and would say they are all great with the exception of the pork dishes. I am a big pork fan, so I am particular of pork dishes. Having had Kalua pig in Hawaii I would say it did not meet my expectations. It wasn't as smoky as I would have liked to be, and it was lacking a bit in the flavor department. 

Other than that, it was a good meal.  Will be back again.
From OC. First time here. Friday night. Surprised to see live Hawaiian music and hula. Was tempted to dance when the guitarist asked if there were any other hula dancers out there but didn't want to embarrass myself since I'm so rusty.  Ordered the roast pork loco moco. The serving size was huge!  I couldn't finish it so I doggie bagged it. 3 girls from a local halau did a nice hula auana. Made me want to do hula again. Anyways this is a great place to eat with friendly people and a friendly atmosphere.
Not even going to lie, this place isn't close to the strip. If you don't have your own ride, don't bother. You'll spend more for the cab ride then the food itself. However, if you dig that island grind brah, have your own means of transportation, and don't mind driving out southwest of the strip then this is a good spot to try.

We had some peeps meet us up in Vegas from that cold country to the north of us. They requested "Hawaiian" and after some research, Island Flavor was the chosen spot. Most people would've probably said to hit up the Cal hotel in downtown LV, but since I've been there before, I figured a new spot would be more interesting.

Heidi our server was funny and very friendly. She had that legit Hawaiian accent and looked like she can beat me to a pulp if I acted up on her. She suggested the sesame poke to share. A full order is a whopping $18 so we went with the half order for $9. The tuna was surprisingly fresh, the sauce was perfect, and the block cuts of fish were generous. There was enough to share between four people. The full order would've been overkill. I've never found a place that served decent poke except when on the Hawaiian Islands. I think Island Flavor proved me that good poke can exist on the mainland. 

The entres here are no joke ginormous. I had the katsu chicken loco moco. I mean, talk about a heart attack waiting to happen. Fried, battered chicken, over rice, TWO egg cooked the way you prefer it, topped with this thick and rich gravy sauce that dominates the entire bowl. I worked half way into it and instantly ran into a wall. It wasn't even a subtle build up to getting full, it was as if my brain told me, "Stop now, you're done." By no means was this a negative thing. The katsu loco moco gets an applaud by my standards and if you can conquer this beast of a dish, I give you mad props. It can easily be shared between two people.

Got to sample some other goodies from my company like the Korean bbq short ribs, macaroni salad, omelet Portuguese sausage fried rice. All were tasty but every ounce of my concentration was zeroed on my katsu loco moco. In the end, man lost, food won. Togo boxes please. On a side note, we ate the left over cold the following day and it was fine.

Overall, this was a pretty good spot. I'd recommend this little Hawaiian joint for those of you willing to drive a little away from the strip and try something different then fancy hotel food. The prices were decent and the service was great. There definitely was an authentic island taste here. Be ready and bring your Polynesian sized appetite because you're going to need it. Only downfall was that they don't serve musubi!
I came here with my parents after we went to look at a house in a nearby neighborhood off of Durango. It's about 15-20 mins off the strip, so I would only come if I were in the area.

Upon arriving to the complex, it looks dark and like everything is closed. Once you open the doors to the restaurant, there's so much light and space!

When we came in, the two waitresses were busy with other customers, so they told us to sit wherever. We also had to get our own menus since we were in a hurry. I'm used to the type of service where they pamper you and can get annoying by asking you too many questions. This was the complete opposite, but the waitresses were super sweet so I can't complain! Plus since I told them that we were sharing, they brought out an extra plate. Some places you have to remind or specifically ask for a plate.

The portions are HUGE and extremely filling! We got the Teriyaki Beef (I'm not sure exactly the name) and the Chicken Katsu Moco Loco. It came out relatively quickly. Each plate came with the respective meats, two scoops of rice, and a scoop of macaroni salad. 

My mom and I shared the Chicken Katsu plate, which had chicken that was deliciously crunchy and well-made and came with some sort of BBQ sauce on the side. The macaroni salad was also good; it is light and a good complement to the flavorful food. My dad's Teriyaki beef was good and reminded me of Korean BBQ. It was slightly salty and too flavorful for my liking, but if you mixed it in with the rice, it was much better. 

We saw some other people get the Korean short ribs, which looked awesome so if we're in the area, we're definitely getting it!

The prices were relatively cheap! It was around $9-12 for a plate with meat, rice, and macaroni salad. I'm not sure what the poke was, but it was listed three times on the menu, each time ranging around $17-20, which deterred me from ordering it.

Summary: Good (tasty food and pretty good service) Bad (far from strip and not too visually appealing building)
We had the chicken katsu loco moco and the beef teriyaki steak for 20. 

- BEST hawaiian food ever. OMG. i was so excited to see my loco moco bowl in the size of a PHO bowl.. ~_____~
- Not stingy with rice or egg! being filipino, i need a lot of rice. lol. loco moco is filled with rice and covered with chicken katsu! then they put the gravy and 2 EGGS! Bachi burger gives you some ox tail fries with one egg. lame...
- teriyaki steak was packed with lots of flavor. a bit too much, to be honest. you have to eat a lot of rice to balance it out. 
- No water refills?? slackin..ahem..cough..throat..take girlfriend's water. :)

BTW, change the time BC they close at 9:30PM!!!!!!!!!
With my fianc from the islands, I've pretty much adopted Hawaiian food into my diet and trying every single Hawaiian restaurant in town has become a requirement for us. Being that we both live in the west side of town, we usually don't stray too far from our frequent traveled routes, UNLESS it's to fulfill a foodie adventure. On this particular day, we decided we'd finally pay a visit to Island Flavor. 

When we arrived, I was immediately drawn to a plate of pre-made, saran wrapped musubis that sat on the register counter for 2 bucks a pop. I thought to myself, how brilliant is that?! We were seated and my eyes were drawn to one flaw-- Several teriyaki and sriracha sauce splatters on the wall. I know, I know... Trust me, I HATE being a stickler for something like that, but it made me feel like a saw remnants of a booger flinger on the wall. ANYWAY, back to the good stuff.

My fianc and I ordered two mixed plates. One beef teriyaki steak and korean chicken and one chop steak & onions and korean chicken. When the plates arrived, we were pleasantly surprised by the big portions. Two scoops of rice, one scoop of macaroni salad, and MEAT GALORE! The food definitely tasted delicious. However, as a fan of thinly sliced beef, I had expected my teriyaki steak to be sliced thin as described on the menu, but it was not. It was actually the opposite of what I had expected--The chop steak was sliced thin and the teriyaki beef was more "chop[py]". Nonetheless, I ate it. 

I hope to visit them again soon to try a few more items off their menu. I think maybe next time even consider sharing a plate to leave room for some of their desserts that I watched longingly pass my table.
Aloha Friday laulau plate with the butterfish was a real winnah. Customer service was down right island style.
Awesome food, huge portion, friendly service, reasonably priced. What more can you ask for. The hamburger steak is my favorite. Must try any of the pies.
Be ready for a plate large enough for two meals. It might be a good idea to share with someone...nah! Just unleash the beast within.

I tried out the mix plate here with chicken katsu and and chop steak with onion. The katsu is fried to perfection and comes with a delicious katsu sauce. The chop steak with onion was a little tough but very good as well. I also got a chance to try the kalbi here and I would get that next time along with katsu if choosing options for the mix plate.

I didn't know it's not listed on the menu, but you can order coffee here! It's pretty good and comes with free refills.

Excellent service, reminiscent of the hospitality of the islands.
I had to come back to bring my family (6), on a wednesday evening. I ordered the mix plate: short ribs and roast pork. My family had all sorts of things..I remember it being pretty cheap, 70?

- This place doesn't FAIL. GREAT FOOD!
- It was still sunny outside, no curtains. sun beaming on face. tinted windows aren't tinted enough. lol
- short ribs were tasty! some fat. 3 huge pieces.
- I take that back. the Roast pork was a fail. tasted like roast beef. It had gravy on it. tons of fat..
- My sister had another pork dish. Now that was really good. I recommend that over the roast pork. she also had, i think, fried chicken. very crispy!
- My dad had the Ox tail soup. it was delicious. it reminded me of nilaga, a filipino soup. 
- My brother-in-law had the loco moco and the patty was HUGE!!! He's like an MMA fighter, big appetite, and he still couldn't finish that. lol.
- I shared my meal with my gf. SHARING IS CARING! taste everyone's food :)
GIANT-SIZED PORTIONS!

Thank goodness my sis-in-law and I split our food because the portions are seriously large enough to feed two people.

We ordered their chicken katsu loco moco, which I have never seen on a menu back in Seattle. Everything in this dish was perfect! I love how the katsu had the right amount of crispiness to it. I definitely would order this again for my next visit...and come on an empty stomach.  I also ordered a side of their mac salad and I wasn't a fan of it. It had a little bit of a sweetness to it and I personally didn't like that.

For dessert, we and two other people at our table split a piece of their guava cake. So GOOD! I'm glad we ended dinner on that note.
Have you been looking for a great Hawaiian food? Then you found the right place! 

I've been here several times already and Island never fails to serve great Hawaiian dishes in huge portions.  You can get a combo plate and two people can share it.  So far we've tried the kalbi ribs, Korean chicken, loco moco, tonkatsu, opaka paka salad, shoyu chicken and the guava cake and they were all awesome!

Servers were also very very friendly and attentive.

The only con I can think of is the macaroni salad. It was missing something and can't figure it out. 

We will be back!
Delicious food, very reasonably priced and great friendly service.  We're looking forward to the live music on Friday nights!
Yelp 365 Challenge #150/365 (Operation Rice / Las Vegas Adventures)

FOR THE WIN!!!

In my previous review, I shared that we had an all day that was busy at the Adventuredome then watching the Fountains at the Bellagio. By the time that we reached our vacation rental it was past 8:00 and I asked everyone what did they want to eat for dinner?

Everyone replied, "Anything with rice"

So, of course, I opened up my trusty Yelp app and typed in local food.

Well, waddaya know...there was a local food restaurant, "Island Flavor" RIGHT DOWN THE ROAD.

If I wanted to weep with joy because I didn't have to drive very far!

I wanted to weep further because their menu made our stomachs growl happily.

I called up the restaurant to place a takeout order. I shared with her that all the plates were all rice instead of salad. She was really friendly and then asked if we ate brown rice too? I though they ran out of white rice and it didn't bother us to where I shared her that we did. But, she said, "No, I'm going to give you that in a container on the side too." 

After placing the order, she shared that they close at 10 and if I got there before then and the door was locked, I could just knock on the window and they'll open up for me. 

If you live near Durango, this place is very easy to find. 

Sure enough the door was locked but they let us in. After we paid for our food and was loading it up in the car, she came out and told us to wait because they were also including haupia with our plates. YES!!! I didn't win no jackpot but we got some good eats from Island Flavor!!!

When we brought the food in the kitchen, everyone just wanted to swoon not only because there was rice but the portions were HUGE.

Loco Moco: The hamburger and eggs practically filled the entire plate oozing with gravy.

Kalua Pig and Cabbage: This plate was HEAVY because it was loaded with kalua pig and cabbage.

Kalbi Short Ribs: Oh my heavens...if you were ordering this plate in Hawaii, you would have three regular size pieces that were cut on the thin side. But, Island Flavor didn't give me three...they gave me FIVE THICK PIECES.

Along with these plates, they included shoyu and whatever brings warm fuzzies to a local person who loves local island food. 

Breakdown of Island Flavor:

Food: The menu is extensive. Poke maybe on the pricey side BUT since this is the desert, you have to expect it. Overall, the menu caters to everyone who is visiting or moved to Vegas from the 808 state. I thought it would be like L&L or Loco Moco but nope, their flavors are more of the homecooked style that makes you miss your family back at home in Hawaii.

Customer Service: FILLED WITH ALOHA

Prices: Reasonable especially because the portions are HUGE

Location: Easy to find

Restaurant / Ambiance: Just right, clean and family friendly

Recommendation: FIVE STARS...it is a must go-to for anyone who never tried but wants to try local food from Hawaii, 808 visitors or 808 people who moved to Vegas and just misses the food from the islands.
Very disappointed! If I had reviewed this before I'm sure they would of gotten 5 stars but after tonight's visit they deserve only 1 for overall service. I used to be quite a regular here, so much that the waitress already knew what I was going to order and she welcome me with a glass of lilikoi as I walked thru the door. 

Today's visit was quite the contrary; as I walked thru the door the older lady turned her back to us but I simply went straight to an open table. A few minutes passed as we waited and another couple walked in thru the door, the older lady was delivering food to a table and she stood there to have a 6 minute conversation with the table (I was looking at my watch) not giving any aloha's that we were going on almost a 15 minute wait and that there was customers standing at the entrance. 

After the long conversation, the older lady decided to sit down the couple and hand them some menus. My mom had to get up and ask the older lady for some menus after she sat back down the phone rang and she totally forgot about us. The younger waitress that's always there came out from the back and I calmly asked her for menus for a second time - let me just state that there was only two other tables that were already eating, the place was not packed for such lack of customer service! - still no menus came! The older lady walked to the back twice more and brought the table next to us a to go box and even decided to take the couple's order that had walked in after us. 

Finally! She decided to bring us the menus. I ordered a lilikoi and my mom a sprite, the older lady looked at my mom like she was dumb! She turned to me and tapped my menu with her hand and asked what my mom had said like she was non existent and she didn't know what Sprite is AND to tap my menu as I was reading demanding to know what she wanted!!! How freaking rude??? Apparently, they don't carry Sprite but Sierra Mist. Either way she could of said that, my mom looked at her like ok? where are your drinks on the menu? She snatched the menu off my mom's hand and turned it to the back but that menu was missing the back page! She didn't even apologize! 

My blood was boiling at this point. I opened the menu and realized that the ahi poke I'm a regular for is now $18 from the $8.95 it used to be! If you can't afford an item on the menu, take it off don't double the price. The price was modified with a piece of tape. I about had it so I grabbed my keys and we walked out the door made me lose my appetite!
laulau today and new this time for me chicken katsu loco moco. excellent. not a ton of chicken but certainly enough!
I have only eaten Hawaiian food about three other times at L&L Hawaiian BBQ. I wasn't very impressed with their food at all but I thought it was because it was more of a fast food restaurant. I read all the great reviews about Island Flavor and was anxious to give it a shot. The restaurant itself is clean and the staff is pretty friendly. I ordered the Hawaiian Special which was LauLau with a side of fried rice, macaroni salad, some fish and tomatoes, and a creamy white dessert. 

LauLau is tender BBQ'd pork served in some type of edible leaf. I was told the leaves were edible so I cut it all up and added the house bbq sauce. The leaf was very bitter and odd tasting. It completely ruined the flavor of EVERYTHING else that was in my mouth so I moved as much of it aside as I could. After that, the meal wasn't horrible, but it didn't really impress me either. My friend ordered the saimin which is a bowl of ramen in broth and sprinkled with egg, imitation seafood and vegetables. He told me the broth was incredibly bland. Needless to say, I don't think that we will be keeping this place on our list of incredible places to eat.
Listen to all you HAWAIIANS or locals out here in Vegas....this is the best place to get your grinds.  I went last night and found out that it's either Hawaiian Hale if you want homemade lau lau but if you want poke, roast pork, fried rice, port saus and eggs, go to this place.  There Saimin is the best so far I have had here in Vegas.  True story.  Check it out. Not that L & L garbage. No mahus either.
Oxtail heaven!
The only reason I went here was for the oxtail soup. I didn't need to look at the rest of their menu because oxtail was all I cared for. I'm sure their other dishes are delicious but I'm here to talk about that damn soup. I've had oxtail soup at home, at casinos, at other Hawaiian eateries, but none of them were as good as the one here (sorry mom!). It came with four, big, meaty servings of oxtail per order. It also had vegetables to actually eat and not just as garnish. The order came with two whopping scoops of rice and macaroni salad. I honestly couldn't finish it all. For dessert the waitress recommended their new guava cake. At first I was a little apprehensive, but I finally gave in. Thank goodness I agreed on ordering the guava cake since it was THE BEST CAKE I've ever tasted ever!! It was moist and you can definitely taste the guava flavor. It was sweet but not overly too sweet. sigh. It was heavenly. I looked around to check up on other people's food and let me just tell you their servings are huge! This place takes their food seriously. I've tried my friends dish and it was packing with flavor, melt in your mouth goodness. If ever I'm craving Hawaiian food again, there's no other place to go to but here.
I always love the family restaurant feeling and food here. All the employees always ask you how you are and how you like the food. Better to be asked a lot then not asked at all.
I also love the food and like everything that ive tried. 

Although if you want spam musubi call and ask before 11 am they run out fast!
I should order something else other than the Terriyaki Chicken. I can't help it, I really like the taste. Oh, and if the Opakapaka fish is available (seasonal), try it! Like most fish, it's expensive, but it's my favorite. And yes, big portions.
After reading the reviews and looking at the pictures of the island, local grinds served, I convinced my work to order lunch for pickup, boss to pay for it and so glad I did.
 
I ordered a katsu chicken loco moco which was infused with great island flavors, which consist of plenty steam rice, katsu chicken seasoned well with a nice breaded crunch, topped with  2 over medium eggs and indulged with rich, carmel gravy along with tasty mac salad on the side. Like Whoa! Did I enjoy every bite, food coma if eaten at one seating but worth it, OH YEAH! Don't know what eveyone else ordered because I was focused on my food but I know everything was a hit since everyone ate what they had ordered, leaving no leftovers for me to pick on the next following work day.

Dont know about the in-dining experience yet but the ordering was easy, pickup was fast and the food was a hit. Can't wait for another Island flavor food experience.
This place has all the local dishes just like back home and their portions are definitely generous! I ordered a local staple, Loco Moco. It was just as good as anything I've eaten back home. I judge Loco Moco by the quality of the brown gravy. Their gravy was the consistency just how I like it, not too thick and not like soup. I ordered my eggs over easy and it was cooked to perfection. As easy as it may sound, many times eggs aren't cooked as actually ordered. I look forward to returning and ordering their kalua pork and cabbage, another local staple. The service was friendly and I recommend this place to try
the best....the end

o in case you want to know whats good? almost everything, ok not everything but get the roast pork with chopped steak/or kalbi combo and i promise you'll be have weird cravings throughout YOUR LIFE for this
Korean/Hawaiian restaurant. Everything was ono. Kalua pig w/ cabbage too salty though. Spam musubi was great. Good value.
Very good food and service  we will be back
The best Hawaiian Food in Las Vegas so far.  The Mac salad is very authentic, like from the islands.  The Lau Lau is good and not too salty.  I usually get the Chopped Steak w/onions and Korean wings.  The taste is very sweet and savory.  The chicken is crispy.  The Ox Tail soup is also very flavorful w/o being too salty.

The Guava Cake is extraordinary.  I know they get it from next door, but it's Island Flavor's recipe.  The guava is infused in the cake batter and you can taste a hint of it with every bite.  Not too over powering.  

The service is great and they also refill your Guava or POG juice!  If you are feeling homesick and miss island food, this the place to go!
This is my favorite Hawaiian spot. Their specials are delish. I had the hoisin babybackribs and that was yuuuum! It fell right off the bone.  It was such larg portion that I saved the other half for lunch.  Even better as left overs!!!!

We came in at a perfect time right before the rush and were seated quickly and while we ate we listened to some live Hawaiian music. For dessert since I couldn't make up my mind my fianc and I shared the haupia AND we took home the chantilly and guava cake. Yup, their dessert is that good!
I dragged my dad all the way out here for lunch on Friday..  He was a total skeptic!  He works by the airport, I live in Rhodes Ranch.. he could not understand why we were both driving further from town to have lunch.  The answer is simple - Yelp reviews!  Because of this restaurant, he opened his own Yelp account.

So, we enter.  My dad looks at the menu, I have already stared at all of the pictures on the iPhone app and know exactly what I want.  My dad is quite perplexed by the menu, so I show him the Yelp photos.  When the waitress comes up, he lifts up my iPhone, shows the waitress a picture and says "I want this".  The waitress, without missing a beat, responds, "the pork (something) and beef spare ribs".  To me, this is the beauty of Yelp.  It brought 2 new customers and gave one exactly what he wanted based on a posted picture.  It was sooo cool!

Our food promptly arrives, and it was everything we expected!  My Beef Teriyaki was incredibly tasteful, savory and tender.  The Korean Chicken was basically buffalo wings with a kick ass flavor.  Any other restaurant, I'd ding one star and recommend they do boneless wings - I hate buffalo wings, but the taste was still so overwhelmingly good that I did not mind!

My dads food was perfect.  He let me try his, I let him try mine.  No wrong choices.  He almost got a full steak attached to each of the 3 spare ribs.  He could not stop raving about the flavor and taste.

Service was swift and meaningful.  I have nothing to say bad about this restaurant.  The check came (less than $25 for two huge lunches),  the portions were so huge that I could not fit all of the leftovers from two starving adults into one box!

Great food, great service, great family run business.  Thank you, Lord... it is right down the street.  I will be back - hundreds of times!
On a total whim, I decided I wanted kalbi. And haupia anything. I was about to leave work and checked Yelp (which is practically my best friend at this point) and found out Island Flavor was only five minutes away. Called and ordered to go. It was ready a few minutes after I got there. Had the kalbi and haupia cake and they were both AMAZING. Fresh and delicious. The prices were pretty good and everyone there was super friendly and helpful. This is my new "after work on a Saturday" place to go.
Although this is about 6 miles away from the strip, it is totally worth the drive if you are looking for something different from the strip-type of food. We loved their poke, which comes in 3 versions. The one I got was with furikake, and it was a bomb! We got the one pound order and it was gone between my hubby and I. Hubby had the meat combo - pork with onions and kalbi ribs. He liked the pork a lot. And how many Hawaiian restaurants serve haupia? This one does! A testimony that it's authentic from the islands! Haupia was so good and my little one loved it after his fried chicken feast. We even ordered their oxtail soup for to go. It was a stomach-hearty way to start our Las Vegas day!
Big portions of food and always a friendly staff.
We were visiting LV for a week on a movie shoot and I heard great reviews about this place so we decided to give it a try. I was raised in Hawaii, am half Haw'n and my mother was a caterer and an awesome cook so naturally I became a caterer too. After the 1st meal here, I was sold and so was the other 4 people with me. During the week we tried to make it there everyday, but filming a couple of long days kept us away. We all tried different things and I got to try various dishes and they were all great. The sauces were not to over powering, but just right. Even the desserts are amazing. I wish there was one of these in San Diego or Arizona. I met the owner and he is like ohana (family). Awesome...awesome....awesome.
I came into this place thinking typical Hawaiian place. Boy was I wrong! The food was awesome! And it came in huge portions! my leftovers lasted for days! I recommend this place for anybody who just love to eat great Hawaiian food. And a lot.
This "local" place serves up some great Hawaiian food.  It's fresh, flavors are spot on, and the service friendly and makes you feel at home.  

Hawaiian plate tonight!  Got the laulau, the lomi salmon, mac salad, steam rice and a cup of haupia.  It was excellent.  Very fresh and brought us back home to Helena's.

I wanted a slice of Chantilly cake but they had just sold the last piece.  This is really good food!  And if you are missing the great taste of Hawaii, this will bring it home for you.
My favorite Hawaiian BBQ Yet in Vegas.   Super Friendly and considerate family owned business.  You can tell they take pride in all areas of there business.  I regularly watch Bar Rescue, Hotel Rescue, ETC. and as a promoter for Marquee NightClub here in Vegas I am very Good at reading people.   THIS FAMILY CARES.  :)    

The place is very clean as i showed up to get takeout like the other Hawaiian BBQ Places out here and when i walked in I thought it was DINE-IN only.   

I almost felt weird waiting for my food as i was not dressed appropriately.  LOL

Food came and the helping are HUGE.   It took three sittings to eat the KALBI RIBS and KATSU CHICKEN with Macaroni Salad and Rice.   

Great Quality Compared to all other Hawaiian BBQ's out here.  

And the location is great for me right down the street.


I will be back many more times and i will add to this review.  :)
I went with my group of guys and my boyfriend and as soon as we walked in the decor was very nice. It took a bit longer than expected for the server to take our drink order. When we received our menus I noticed the prices to be a way higher than the usual Hawaiian style joint. The menu was plain and had no pictures and the descriptions leave you wondering if it's going to be worth it or not. 

My dudes ordered the Loco Moco and I ordered the mix plate with my boyfriend. My rice was a few hours old. My third bite into it I found a mustache hair or small black hair. I was disgusted because none of my dude friends have black hair, we are all blondes from California, so we can't be a suspect. I was disgusted not only because the hair wasn't on the top of my food, it was in the middle meaning it was mixed and cooked into the rice. That is extremely unprofessional for a kitchen staff. They have strict rules and regulations out here especially with the tourism out here. The manager came and said he has 3 restaurants 2 in Hawaii and this "hair in the food" issue has never occurred. I find it hard to believe as a former manager for Pizza Hut  and to never find any random item in food. The manager kept trying to get me to order something else from the menu but my stomach was in complete turmoil from this situation I only could drink my fruit punch, which the only good side was the free refills. 

I came up to the manager and told him that I am going to just walk out and drop this issue and I left without paying because I don't feel my health is worth the price of the meal. He will be hearing form the health department soon.


Just please be careful people and check your food before you put it in your mouth.
My favorite Hawaiian restraurant in Las Vegas :)) good service, good food!!! Onolicious deserts!!!  live Hawaiian music
First time we came here, it was because I was craving poke and our regular place was already closed for the evening.  Now I can't imagine going to Vegas without hitting this place up for a meal.  It's about 5 miles from the strip but soo worth the drive.  The ladies who work there are super friendly and the food is delish (I've tried the pork chops, chicken katsu loco moco, and roast pork).  They have specials on Friday nights as well as entertainment (at least on the Friday we were there.. Our last trip we went on a Saturday and they seemed to also have had entertainment then but not when we were there).

Anywhoo, I don't have anything negative to say about this place.... it's just good Hawaiian food.  Oh, and definitely order the gravy.  Maybe 2 of them.  You're welcome.
There are not many restaurants by my house, so I was pleasantly surprised when I came across Island Flavor! Some of my favorite dishes include their poke and chicken katsu. I especially love that the portions are huge - great for leftovers! This is the perfect restaurant to order to-go and enjoy a some authentic Hawaiian flavors.
Amazing food, friendly staff, great prices.  I would definitely go back here, hands down!
I was in the mood too try something new tonight and always looking for good local style plate lunch or any local food comfort food tops on my list. I notice the other week fellow yelpers checking in too Island Flavor thinking myself never been here and close by talk about bookmark!  I was excited about adding another restaurant too my 808 list! =)) Island Flavor no doubt keeps up all the traditions of Vegas not only being the ninth island but in need for plate lunch or two scoops rice and mac salad many ONO options. Just knowing that can always find local grinds no matter part of Vegas be at is beautiful. 

I must admit did not exactly start off with a bang. I was greeted with smile and told too sit anywhere wanted. I felt like ten mins maybe not so bad but still no one gave me menu and someone asked me if ordered yet like can see a menu. Once got menu the service was nothing but on point! My soda was never empty, checked up on me see everything going, and even gave me too go boxes without me asking. 

I order the shoyu ahi poke and kalbi for dinner. The Shoyu Ahi Poke was awesome. The whole style Shoyu style is by far the most popular style back home (although you never find two exactly alike). I ask which one she would recommend since they have three different styles on the menu too choose from. She like the most popular one so went with Shoyu. It did not disappoint. The amount of onions in it could do without. Too stick with tradition onions staple but amount varies each poke. Personnel preference but the flavors was just like poke back home. Chopstick action. Yay!

Kalbi the marinade brought out all the flavors. I like Kalbi that find the balance between shoyu base but enough acid, little sweet, and just right amount of spices. I think they did awesome job! It nice big cuts of kalbi some places it hit or miss the thickness of the cut. Makes all come together with the marinade, nice full kalbi, moist in the middle since not thin cut, and grill marks on outside so much flavor. The meat around the bones the best part of it! Soo good! 

The mac salad not one of my favorite still hold L&L best mac salad. Still solid mac salad. 

The interior all about Hawaii with all artwork mostly of bird of paradise, and playing local Hawaiian stations need not say more. One more thing ketchup, shoyu, and tabasco as basic condiments on every table. Locals know what am talking about. Roots!
I was craving a Loco Moco one day at work, so what do I do Google the closes Hawaiian restaurant. Which mind you where I'm located I was expecting to come up short! I stumble across Island Flavor, check out the reviews, pricing etc...I then called and placed my order for pick up. When I got there it was ready and the staff was friendly (Which I love)! Once I got back to work and took my 1st bite of my Loco Moco I was in heaven! Reminded me of the one I would get in Kailua Kona, HI. Must try if you love Hawaiian food or if your looking for something different in your life.
LOVE! LOVE! Island Flavor. All the food is GREAT! The service is excellent! They make you feel like family. I bring all my friends and family there and I tell everyone if they are in the mood for hawaiian this is the spot!
"I consider myself a connoisseur of Hawaiian plate lunch. Regularly eat at Diamond Head Grill, Ted's Bakery and Rainbow drive in. Island Flavors is the real deal. In fact just as good if not better than my favorites in Oahu. I was thoroughly surprised today."
We haven't been back ever since my "Kanak Attack" UYE, so we decided to pay another visit for some onolicious grindz.
"Wow! the counter space is gone, place looks more open" I told wifey...Aunty behind the register says "Yeah, Small Kine, Small Kine"...meaning yes, we made a few changes and the place looks a little different. Just love it when I hear local transplants talking pidgin to da max(NOT the bird!) and KCCN is playing on the stereo. Makes me feel I've never left home.

perusing the specials, I come across something that is only found on Maui(up until now) Guri Guri(pronounced goodie goodie) which is basically sherbet. I asked Aunty if its made, or if they got it from Maui, and she says "Nice try bruddah, I not gonna tell you!" LOL!!!!..they offer Strawberry and Blue Vanilla and for $4 it comes in a half-pound size poke container...That's dessert, but back to the food....

We got The Fried Rice Omelette and Furikake Shrimp and they were Onolicious as usual. Can't go wrong with any of the food here, just come with an appetite because one entree could seriously feed two people.

Still wanting dessert, we were gonna get the Haupia Cake but it wasn't on the menu.
what they did have was a Haupia Ice Cream Pie, so we tried that and also got a Strawberry Guri Guri. The Pie was okay, but not as good as a cake and the Guri Guri was good, but slightly harder from being prepacked. Service here is always great, everyone checks up on you and always making you feel welcome...ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(5/100) "Get Your Guri Guri Here!"
I was having the urge for some local food last night. There was so much MORE stuff wanted too try figure Island Flavor perfect local spot hit it. I brought roommate Roy so twice the food can try. lol! I went with the chicken katsu loco moco. It was good. I feel that thinking about local moco anything but hamburger just not the same. Yelpers do or my philosophy with food never know until you try!! The brown gravy (its winnah for sure nice flavor could see it loco moco or just over two scoops rice) combine with chicken katsu never worked for me. On the other hand my roommate had the portuguese omelette fried rice that was unreal Ono! Just like back in the islands with the char su diced up and depth of flavor in the rice. It hearty rice local style. I wanted too try some of the desserts. I got the haupia cake. Winnah too! It three layers of coconut heaven! Just like the first visit going too Island Flavor bring back all good things about the islands music, food, and sense of ohana. 

The portion size.....WoW! I knew after the first visit the size more like cheesecake factory. So if looking for value for sure local food way too go and by far out if any local places ever been too in Vegas the amount of starch or rice sure unreal. Even the protein or main dish get nice size portion. The dessert NO small piece of cake either. Sure plan on coming back trying out more local food on the menu!!
I have come to this establishment a numerous amount of times, and swore i had wrote a review, but when I went to "update" my review, I see now that it looks as if I haven't!

As always, the staff is friendly. Me and two of my best girlfriends went around 1 in the afternoon. It wasn't as busy as I thought it would be, so finding a seat was not hard at all. 

It didn't take long for our waitress to get our drink orders, and bring it in a timely matter. I've noticed tho, that the prices has gone up quite a bit since the last time I was here a couple years ago. I was about to order the usual mix plate when I noticed the Daily Specials Menu placed inside the Menu Booklet. 

Menu Specials when I went there Last Week...
My Order: Kalua Luau. side order of sweet potato with sesame sauce
Friend 1: Furikake Chicken 
Friend 2: Pork Chop (on regular menu) 

The kalua luau was good, its different type of luau to my family luau. Our luau is more creamier, but this one was a bit more on the roughage green leafy side. But it was still so ono. I opted for brown rice and it also comes with mac salad. THe mac salad was a little too "mayonaisy" for me, but if my palate didn't change since i moved from the rock ten years ago, it would've been right up my alley! I ordered up a side of cooked sweet potato and the dipping sauce was divine. Just a great amount of sweet and salty to compliment the potato. 

The Furikake CHicken was broke the mouth. As much as i LOVED the Luau, I was picking the chicken off my friends plate just as much as she was picking the luau off of mines. We should've just switched our plates. I was under the impression it was a full chicken breast, but they came out as nuggets. Sweet and savory, with bits of furikake all over! Now i'm not a big fan of any kind of fried chicken, but I couldn't control my hand. It kept reaching over to her plate to grab more!  A definite must try!! 

Last but not least, the pork chops with smothered onions. Now what is NOT to like from this all time favorite. Now I've had charbroiled pork chops, teriyaki pork chops, char siu pork chops, apple pork chops, etc. But I love having just a regular, salt and pepper seasoned home style pork chops once in a while. That brought it all home. It was served with two scoops of white rice and a side salad with your choice of dressing. 

I didn't opt out for dessert this trip, but from previous visits, I do recommend the Chantilly cake and the Banana Bread Pudding! I tried the Kona Coffee Mud Pie, but when I got it, it was just a oreo crust with three inch high of ice cream and stuff drizzled all over it. Not exactly what I call a mud pie, but it was delicious as just Kona coffee ice cream! (It was still Ono! ) 

I hope to be back soon!!!
I had the Kalibi Ribs and oh my goodness!!  Amazingly tender and the flavor was phenomenal.  I also had the Ahi Poki, which was ono-licious.  The Ahi was fresh and seasoned perfectly.  We went there on a Saturday night and there was a live band playing island music.  A very casual restaurant with amazing island flavor with huge portions and the staff was equally great.  You definitely feel the aloha here!
Grew up in Oahu and this place is legit. Get the two dish combo. 

I ordered Korean Chicken and Roast Pork. The chicken wings were so crispy good, sweet and savory.  The roast pork was tender with yummy brown gravy. My boyfriend very much enjoyed his Furikake Shrimp and Chicken Katsu as well!

The atmosphere is awesome as well! It would be 5 stars but their prices are a bit high. I guess that's about it. It won't be an everyday thing for me  like a fast food Hawaiian place like Ohana Bbq or L&l but I'll definitely go back when I wanna reward myself and splurge on Hawaiian food.
I often complain about the lack of good eats in the depths of SW Las Vegas.  Sure, we have a few decent spots on Rainbow but i feel like we deserve more place in my neighborhood.  I've probably eaten at about 8 different Hawaiian places in the vegas valley - I give my local place, Island Flavor, the GOLD !

First of all, the employees are great - great attitudes, great services and consistent food.  The space is pretty simple - i'm pleased that they recently remodeled the space that resulted in adding more table space.  I've been told by a couple of the employees they make more $$ on catering than the restaurant itself.  I've been in a few times while they've prepped the food for catering events - it's a sight to see !

Anyways, the food - large portions, very reasonable prices and good 'ol stick to the ribs style grub !  My personal favs ?  The pork loco moco ( awesome !! ), the korean ribs,  the mac salad,  i REALLY dig the gravy ! and most of desserts.

It' all good !!
Las Vegas is the 9th island. You know that if you've spent anytime on the beautiful islands of Hawaii. I spent all of last winter on Oahu and feel in love with the local flavors. I had some really strong cravings when I got back and my boyfriend filled me in on this little spot in the southwest. 
ALOHA ISLAND FLAVOR! 
Its open seating so just walk in sit down and a smilie waitress will drop some menus off. They have a little of everything from hamburger steak, oxtail soup, teryi chicken and short ribs. The portions are HUGE! Almost everything comes with rice and mac salad. 
I get the two item combo and have enough for another meal later that night. 
I have to say the only negative thing place is that there mac salad isn't my favorite. Its a little to sweet for me. It still DOES NOT shame there 5 star rating in my book. If you are craving some local flavor or just want to try a little bite of the islands check out this spot! 
OH and I just found out they have recently changed there days of operations to 7 days a week!
Good Lord, another Hawaiian restaurant to review. Luckily, this is one of my new favorite ones in Vegas!

Some friends of mine suggested this place to my boyfriend and I literally RIGHT before we were leaving to Vegas. They had found this place through yelp one day and mentioned it. Thank goodness I'm always down to try ANY food. 

This place is located in a plaza that's not hard to locate. The restaurant itself was pretty clean, and a little bigger than the other hawaiian restaurants I've been too. We were seated quickly upon arriving and the employees were all pretty friendly and attentive. 

Most of the menu items looked amazing, but thanks to Yelp I narrowed it down to two dishes. To be honest I really wanted to try a little bit of everything. We ordered the Korean Chicken (chicken wings fried Korean style) and the Chicken Katsu Loco Moco. I instantly fell in love with the loco moco. I've never had it in this style before and the gravy that it was covered in wasn't too overpowering. I was told the gravy is homemade in the back by the owner's grandmother (I'm not exactly sure if this is true). 

Upon leaving we talked to the owner and he had mentioned he was looking to open a location somewhere in LA. I really hope he does. Because I would absolutely come back. Which is what I plan on doing next time I go to Vegas.
I don't give 5 stars to many restaurants simply because everything must be perfect for a 5 star rating.  This place is very very close to 5 stars cause their food is so delicious. 
I live exactly 2 miles from Flava but have never been there.  I've driven past it a million times and judging from the outside it certainly doesn't look like anything special. It even could resemble a cheap take out place from the outside but it's certainly not.  Never judge a book by it's cover.  
Anyway, I had visitors from NYC coming to Vegas.  For some reason they chose to go this place which they said they go to every year when they come here.  When they invited me to go I was simply happy that I didn't have to go the strip to meet them. 

Well, the menu is very large and varied. The staff was excellent towards us, constantly refilling our drinks and all that good stuff. 
Since we had 7 people I was able to taste many different dishes. The raw tuna is excellent and you get a pound of it cut up into perfectly bite size pieces.  
The burgers, steak and onions, wings, pork were all excellent. 
I ordered the Snapper and I got 3 large pieces of fish of which I could only eat one.
So, for 14 bucks I had dinner and brought 2 big pieces of fish home with me which was another complete meal for me. 
I then finished up with the Mud Pie and as others have said it's not really a mud pie but still very very good and huge. I took half of that home as well. 
Now that I know of this place and it's so darn close to my house, I may become an addict.  Especially with the takeout and they do have a delivery service that will deliver for them but I forgot the name of the service but you can just ask them and they will tell you. 
It's very well lit up. Maybe a bit too bright but the minute your food arrives you forget about everything else and simply dig in. 
I'm so happy my friends found it or I may have never walked in to the place. 
Plenty of parking as well.
If you live in the S.West this is a must go restaurant. 
It will become a once a week gig for me at the least.
I know another update? I want share food experience with my fellow yelpers plus there more then couple things on any menu. I tried the kailua and cabbage. It was winnah! The kailua had just right amount of saltiness, moist, juicy, and hand picked/shredded. The thing enjoy about this version at Island Flavor is the cabbage not julienne cut so dig in get best of both worlds kailua and cabbage. Or hell if want cabbage in one bite then kailua all you. Again not emphasis portion size got love LOCAL food best deal under ten bucks lunch or dinner. 

I tried the banana bread pudding. Honestly ok. I never really got any hint of banana in the bread pudding and not as dense. That just my personnel preference. Now the haupia cake still reigns supreme out of the desserts had at Island Flavor. 

One thing forget mention is only local style they have heat warmer that keeps spam musubi wrapped individual portion ready too go. Like pay the bill and take some spam musubi for late night snack or munchie. Yay!!!!!
Awesome Hawaiian food. The teriyaki beef is amazing! Actual chunks of steak instead of just cheap red meat. I'm all about customer service and this place is the best. You can't go wrong with the loco Moco!!
I love the food here and I am never disappointed. The teriyaki chicken is delicious and the kalbi ribs were delicious too. I usually get the pork with gravy which is yummy too. You know it's good when you see a lot of Hawaiians in here. The Chantilly cake is my personal favorite of their desserts. You get really large portions here and I always have left overs. Service is always nice too.
Went here about 2 months ago and had great food worth 4-5 stars. Unfortunately went back again today for takeout. I got the Shoyu Poke and Teriyaki Beef plate. The beef and the rice were fine. Unfortunately the poke was horrible this time. Only time anywhere that i have gotten that dish where the fish was dull in color and smelled and tasted very fishy, not fresh at all like poke should be. Was very dissapointed because it was for my wife and she could'nt even enjoy it. I won't be going back again.
Truly authentic Hawaiian food!  This place is wonderful, from the food to the service.  The Chantilly cake is Mmm Mmm GOOD, definitely a must have!
The menu was very extensive for a Hawaiian restaurant. I had Teriyaki chicken which consisted of quite a lot of delicious marinated chicken with huge portions of rice and macaroni salad for just a little over $10.00. I had some left over for dinner another day. The service was good and the ambience casual and comfortable.
What more could I say about this place in leu of all other reviews? Well for one, I can say is this: For the price, the large quantity, taste and quality and great customer service gives this place a 5 star and no less. 

My new years resolution is to try EVERYTHING on the menu by the end of this year.  Yeah, it's that good!
My go to place for bomb.com Hawaiian food. Great service , great food, great dessert. Big generous Hawaiian portions, for the poor people like me . Well worth the money. My favorite is definitely the chicken teriyaki salad. Loco moco is delicious , best gravy in town.
Delicious Hawaiian food and not too expensive!
Soooo delicious!  We always get the mixed plate with Chicken Katsu, and beef teriyaki.  The kalbi short ribs are delicious as well.  Highly recommended!
I've eaten at a few Hawaiian plate restaurants in Las Vegas and Hawaii and this was the best I've had so far. 
We went on a week day for lunch, some other customers were coming and going but not too busy. Staff was excellent, we waited for some friends before ordering and they kept checking back with us until we were ready to order our food.
Prices were great for the amount of food you get. I got the special of the day which was Mahi Mahi grilled in an egg batter. It was good but a bit bland. Their macaroni salad was not the best, a bit disappointing since I like macaroni salad. My husband got a Combo platter of Beef Teriyaki and Chicken Katsu with Korean Sauce (recommended by the waitress) they use on their Korean Chicken. All of his food was delicious. We decided to get a slice of  Haupia Cake...OMG! One of the best cakes I've ever had. 
I will definitely go back again.
WARNING. The portions are GIGANTIC and can feed 2-3 people. The dinner was pretty good but what makes this place a must come back for us are the Chantilly and Guava cake. I have said enough. 

Also staff is very laid back and friendly people
Love the Hawaiian atmosphere... always feel like I'm at home when I come here.  

I get full just thinking about the amount of food they give you for the price.  The staff is always full of aloha... even the tita's. Lol.  I've had everything on the menu even the specials they have going on everyday and  I love everything.  It makes it so hard to decide when I go there.

They put their own Big Island twist on Hawaiian Food that gives it that extra wow factor. I was going to explain each dish but I can't write anymore bc im making myself hungry.  

Try it and you'll love it.  I'm gonna go grind there now. =)

And for the locals 411 they got GUAVA CAKE!!!
I have eaten here a couple times.  Their food was delicious and if my boyfriend was able to like it (he is a picky eater) then obviously the food must be amazing.  A lot of my family are from the islands so their input was very important to me.  They loved the food there which can add to the authentic feel to it.  

I give it 3 stars because of their  service.  Though they were friendly when we first walked in, their untimely manner upset me.  I am a huge water drink and when they didn't refill my water it irritated me a bit.  I had to wait approximately 15 minutes just to get my water refilled.  Maybe it was just yesterday when I went.  I will come back again and hopefully the service will be better.
Growing up on an island, I was so stoked to try out this place based on the reviews! 

Island flavor is a friendly casual environment that has a  lot of diverse to it. Their chicken wings is yummy! The proportions of the food is very large but growing an appetite ever since I moved out to Vegas, I can finish the whole meal that was served :) I also loved their fried rice with eggs on top and sausages. A true Hawaiian plate.
Very good Kalbi & Chantilly cake! Deducted 1 star because I couldn't eat the Korean chicken - it had ginger BUT that was my fault because I don't like ginger =) Highly recommend this place!!!
This place has great reviews from Yelpers, so I went with Chad S. to see what was up.  We arrived around 7:30pm on a Thursday night and there were only two tables open, as the place was busy, always a good sign.  I already knew that I wanted Kalbi, so no need to really peruse the menu.  Our friendly waitress took our orders and then our food arrived quickly, which was a great thing because we were hangry.  I was very pleased that I got four big pieces of Kalbi and there was meat on them bones, not a lot of fat, which can happen with this dish.  There were also two big scoops of white rice and a scoop of mac salad.  I ate one scoop of the rice and didn't touch the mac salad, but only because I am trying to be more protein-oriented and eat less of the bad carbs, but you gotta have some rice with your meat, right?  The kalbi looked and tasted like it just came off the BBQ in someone's backyard; after three pieces, I was fully satisfied.  I'm just sad that we couldn't get any of the Spam Musubi before we left.  They have musubi in a warmer next to the cash register so you can buy some to go; they sold out while we were eating.  Oh well, it just gives me an excuse to go back.  Aloha!
Found out about this place years ago & they're still my favorite Hawaiian food restaurant! Portions are HUGE & the quality is still good! Don't find many places like this one! Another hidden gem by my side of town.
Went here one weekday just to test the yelp reviews that I've read and I'm glad I did. They food is delicious! Just like what you'd get in Hawaii. Very authentic and flavorful. The restaurant has a very laid back feel to go along with that "island style" of living. I went back later that week on Aloha Friday and there were food specials and live music. The place was packed and I'm glad I even got a table. All in all, the place is definitely a place I would go back to time and time again.
I've never been to Hawaii, but I adore their food.  It's a great balance of comforting calories and guiltless raw fish, playing with Asian flavors of sweet and salty.  And just as I imagine the warm culture of Aloha, I can taste the love, the bear hugs and coconut massages in the food of Island Flavor.

It's a tiny space, usually PACKED on weekends, and even if they have live music on Friday nights, the place remains to be a low key, well lit family restaurant.  Go here with family, with good friends and a HUGE appetite.

Hubby and I always get the same thing - half a Furikake ahi poke order, and we share a combo plate of Kalbi ribs and Korean fried chicken.. with extra macaroni salad and fries.  Real tasty stuff, and a good bang for your buck.  Our bill always stays within the $30 range.  Their teriyaki chicken, steak and onions hit the spot, and their Chantilly cake ROCKS.  It's also the first time I've ever tried a loco moco.  To the Filipinos out there, it tastes exactly like a burger steak meal with thick gravy, except it's served with egg.  Perfect hangover or stoner food.  Go go go.
WHY MUST YOU BE SO FAR AWAY!!

They play live music, and the prices are astoundingly cheap for the exceptional quality of the food. I thought there had to be a catch to it. I ordered a large plate with three gigantic kalbi ribs, shrimp tempura and two scoops of rice. Total price? $11. I was so full and it made me think of what traditional home cooked Hawaiian food must taste like.
The best Hawaiian restaurant in Las Vegas, hands down! Each time never disappoints, no matter what I order. Normally I order the Ox Tail Soup served with rice. Occasionally, I'll switch it up with a Mix Plate that allows you to choose two different meats. I stick with Teri Chicken, Kalbi Short Ribs, or Chicken Katsu, although there are several other options as well. 

The staff is extremely friendly and never in a bad mood; always a plus. Definitely one to check out.
My all time favorite place to eat when I want GOOD Hawaiian local foods. No ka oi! (The best!) friendly service, owners work and cook there too. Family place, love love love it!!!
Great food and service!!! Teriyaki beef is to die for.
Service-Fantastic, I felt like I was at home in Hawaii, the Aloha spirit was everywhere with the staff!

Food-AWESOME!!!  Much better then L&L or any Hawaiian BBQ places I have been to here in the mainland-the portions are Hawaiian style-and when I say Hawaiian style it means big!!

Dcor-Like a good ole Hawaiian sit down and eat mom and pop place, I loved it.

If you are visiting the vegas area you have to come here for the local kine krindz!
This is the place I go when I'm craving Hawaiian food. It's a nice little mom and pop place that gets packed pretty quickly. I've introduced this place to a lot of my friends and everyone loved it. In fact, I took one friend here about 2 years ago and she came to visit recently and still remembered this place and wanted to eat here again. Service is good most of the time but can be inconsistent at times. I love getting the mix plate whenever I'm here. The ox tail soup is pretty good too but I can't justify ordering it and mix plate without having to share it with a friend or two because the portions are huge.
Best hawaiian food in town, the food is so awesome here. Very large portions and the service is GREAT.
Came here on a packed Friday, but we were still seated fairly quickly and got to enjoy some chill island music and vibes from the person performing that night. He did a great job making people laugh, having some playful banter and just keeping the overall mood light and fun. Be sure to tip the performer too if you find yourself grooving along :D. I got the Laulau which is usually only available on Friday nights. It contains haupia (coconut-flavored) and smoked fish flavors, but I happen to be a really big fan of those seemingly conflicting tastes and would definitely order it again. The other Hawaiian staples all look delicious here and their portions are huge! You'll definitely have enough food for breakfast or lunch the next day and I would recommend everyone at the table getting something different so you can get a taste of everything. I've also been craving POG since I was last in Hawaii, so I was excited to see that they give 50 cent refills here! I was super appreciative that the owner took time to talk to us on a busy night and welcome us since it was our first time here. He even apologized for the not-so-long wait, which was actually the most enjoyable wait I've ever had at any restaurant. This is definitely a great place to bring friends and family, without the hustle and bustle of the strip.
The best Hawaiian food that I have had. I had the chicken katsu and Kalbi short rib mixed plate ($12.49)  Chicken katsu was crisp and good. Kalbi short ribs had a charbroiled flavor. Hubby got the Laulau, the special for Friday night, which was very good too ($11.99) Large portions at reasonable prices.  We were there on a Friday night and they had live Hawaiian music. I really wanted to try the Huapai cake but was way too full but it looked great. It was very busy though but only a short wait, maybe a few minutes, but it was worth the wait. We will definitely be back.
I was told that this place had the best Hawaiian food around.  As a fan of L&L, which in my opinion is pretty good, I had to give this place a try.

DEFINITELY WORTH IT.

Service was fantastic.  The waitresses are very friendly.

Food: THE BOMB.  Portions are ENORMOUS.  Most of their entrees are $9, but for $11, you can choose two!  And the way they serve it is like getting two meals for the price of $11.

The best hawaiian food in Las Vegas, hands down.
Um...yum!

I went quite a ways out of my way to eat here. All the reviews gave me hope for a good meal. I ordered a combo plate of chicken teriyaki and kalbi short ribs. To order the ribs in the combo is an extra $1. The plate came with 2 scoops of rice, 1 scoop of macaroni and a mountain of meat. I could not finish it all so now I have leftovers for later. The ribs had great flavor but they were kind of fatty, though that is where the flavor is... The chicken teriyaki was moist, not too sweet nor too salty.  All of this was $13 and change plus tip. Oh, and the waitress was good at refilling my water when I needed it and she brought be sriracha when I asked for it so she's good people in my book.

If I am in the area I will certainly go back. Check it out for yourself
This place blows L&L and other Hawaiian food I've tried in Vegas out of the water. The wait staff is also very friendly on top of that!
Fairly certain I got overcharged here, but I'm not even mad it's so good!
   Shoyu ahi poke is so ono, their mix plate is huge and I looooooooooove their mac salad, so creamy. Their shortribs too, perhaps the best I've had in town.  Finished with guava cake and albeit my card was overcharged, the food was well worth with.  I'll be sure to visit this place soon enough as tomorrow and will update my review.
Love love love this place. Make me wish we were back on the islands. Come early because it fills up fast.
This is my one and only go to place if I ever want hawaiian food, which is like any time. haha They give large portion sizes, so if you feel it might be two expensive, just remember each dish is good for two people. I have never ever finished and entree there.

For starters they have the best Poke' in town that come in different seasoning, Furikake and Shoyu, Sorry I forgot the other flavor. But all our good just depends on which you like better. I recommend sharing this though tis too much for one person, well at least to me.

I have tried every dish, and all are great. no joke. The have the best roast pork loco moco in town. It's like a loco mock, but no hamburger meat just lots of tender pork. They're loco mock is also bomb with huge serving. The kalbi ribs and korean chicken wings are so delicious, like finger licking good. I think they're fired rice is the best in town because it gives me flash back of my childhood, when my aunt first cooked and served me the first time i ever ate friend rice. Like that critic from ratatouille, when he took a bite and he remembered his mom making it for him. haha If you can ever make it on fridays nights, they have the best LauLau to me in town, this dish really reminds me for hawaii. I wasn't born in Hawaii but i do go there yearly, so this food is as good as it gets to hawaiian dishes.

Lastly, if you can save room for deserts. They are all great,a dn from what i heard they are made by the bakery next door to it. You must eat Huapia cake and Chantilly cake, I would say a slice but they way they serve slices, its like a small cake. haha

the staff is always friendly, never had a bad encounter, just don't be shocked how fast they move, because they do everything, there are no busers or food runners helping, just the waitress.
Great service and HUGE bomb portions  a must try. My island girls recommended me here.
I found out about this place through the shining recommendations of my Hawaiian friends. I can't quite agree with their praise, perhaps I'm missing out on some special Hawaiian taste buds, but the experience here is lackluster. 

Strangely, the portion sizes were uncharacteristically average, the service was downright cold and bitter, and the food flavor wavered from tasteless to over-seasoned. The saimin had crisp ingredients, but it lacked flavor overall - the broth really was like water, and it was lukewarm. The poke had great fish quality, but it was so over-seasoned with onions and garlic that the quality of the ahi was obscured. The galbi was solid, but just that - good, and nothing more. The saving grace of the day was their perfect guava cake and chantilly cake - nice, generous sizes, and delicious layers of distinct flavor without being cloying. 

Thanks to their amazing cakes, I will be rounding the 2.5 stars to a 3. But it's a close call - the service is in serious need of help. We were not greeted by anyone upon entering. The waitress was curt, not very accommodating, and very impatient, and the only warmth I ever saw from her was with the delivery of the check. Pre-tip, that is. While I can't know what she was thinking then, that always makes me suspicious, particularly when the service was so lacking for the rest of the time... And for such a casual, laid-back place, especially a Hawaiian place, the service (and saimin!) should be at the very least warm.
So a bit late in reviewing. Oopsy! Was in LV in May and decided to read reviews on Yelp, and find me some Hawaiian food.  It was a toss up between a couple but decided on Island Flavor. So, glad we did!  

Very large portions, great taste, waitresses were very friendly with locals,  ours was pleasant- no complaints! 

We had the biggest portion of Poke' ever,  pork with cabbage, and a mixed plate.  We had  2 to go boxes left over,  Can you say, cold cabbage and pork for breakfast.  Lol 

I ordered the cake for dessert, nothing compares to Saimin Says where we live...so that's why I deducted the star. Would have done a half star..but not an option. lol It wasn't great it was ok!  

Overall we made our family jealous with pics of our food and prices were fair for the portions. 

Definitely going back in Nov with family.  :)
Went here twice in two weeks.  I have no idea why people like this place.  Sick both times from the food.  I guess compared to Aloha Kitchen or L&L they might be decent.  What is also bs is that the first time I did not get mac salad.  So the next time I ordered it as a side thinking this was an add on, but later find out that it was supposed to come with the meal.  Portion sizes are big?  Huge portion sizes of crap.  You do not have to be from Hawaii to rate this place as good or bad.  Apparently they are popular, but the food sucks.

Pork Loco Moco - Pork was dried out to the point of cardboard.  Gravy bland and tasteless.

Loco Moco - Whatever they used for the burger was the cheapest ground beef you will ever see.  Looked and tasted like ground up cat food.

Poke - What kind of Hawaiian serves pre-frozen cheap Ahi for poke?

Fried Rice - This was a joke, mushy rice with some sauce mixed in.  Even the egg and sausage didn't help.  

Portuguese Bean Soup - Mediocre, tomato soup with too much flour, no smokiness, very disappointing.  

Lau Lau - Dried out and tasteless, might as well get the same frozen one from L&L because it is cheaper.

SERVICE - "Oh my God this is great"
Had to try because of Yelp reviews. Food is pretty good. Had Furikake Chicken and wife had Oxtail soup. Huge pieces of tail. Will go back to try more.
This is now one of my fav Hawaiian spots! Always great service and always, always good!!! I've tried their Korean chicken (sorry but aloha specialities wins this one but it is still good), chicken Katsu, roast Pork, kalbi ribs and the guava cake! Let me just say wow to the guava cake!!!! I only wish they had a location closer to me!!
You walk in and immediately feel like you're in Hawaii.  The food is great and portions are huge!  It's a ways away from the strip, but worth it if you're craving local food.
The owner is amazing! Very friendly and always checking on the guests! The good is good, my favorite is the oxtail soup! big portions! and oh the chantilly cake is to die for!
I want to order the other stuff on the menu but I always end up getting the Loco Moco or Oxtail soup! It's that good and I don't see myself getting tired of ordering the same thing anytime soon. Guess one day ill get to order the rest but for now I recommend those two dish if your not sure of what to get! Portions are huge so go hungry!
I'm a huge fan after only two visits! The people who run this place always make us feel like family. I highly recommend the furikake shrimp, furikake chix, opakapaka misoyaki style and the poke with furikaki! So ono! Broke da mouth kine good! Beware the sweet potato is not the american sweet potato. Also leave room for dessert, though it may be hard because the servings are huge! But the mud pie is delicious and huge. You could share that between 3 people. It's actually a good thing this place is far because i'd be here all the time!
Okay, I absolutely love this place! It feels like home so much! The staff is amazing, always friendly and very welcoming. BIIIIIGGG portions!! I love their salads.. It's big and hearty and the dressing is just sooo yummy. All the salads are the same.. lettuce, thick slices of tomato, cucumbers, okinawan sweet potato and topped off with won ton chips with the creamy sesame dressing and then you can either pick the teriyaki chicken (which I really like) grilled opakapaka, fried poke or the katsu. Anyone you pick, they are all good!! Another thing I really like is the roast pork.. Omg so tender and salty, just how I like it. I don't know why I never ate the roast pork loco moco before but it all just make sense!! Amazing!!!! I guess it just really big and I can't eat as much as I used to. Korean fried chicken is another one of my faves. Kalbi is also tasty and meaty. And if you like fish, try the opakapaka with the miso plate.. Soooo good!! I've tried their desserts before too.. Fantastic!! Try this place if you want some bomb ass local food from hawaii, you won't be disappointed.
Island Flavor.. Hmmm I don't really know what to say about this place...

Ambiance: Total FAIL. It feels as if they just put some chairs and tables in a empty lot. No color on the walks but they did just put some random potted plants in the corners..

Food: portion wise they give you a TON. I love loco moco's so I have this one a try. The gravy was too thick and the worst part... My meat wasn't cooked. I didn't complaint to the server since I didn't want to wait again while my partner was finished with her food already. 

I don't know if I would go back for their loco moco but I've heard good things about the other plates. So maybe ill go back and try something different... But not anytime soon.
What's with the 4.5 stars ? Food is so mediocre ....I had fried rice omelet ( how could you messed this one up ) unevenly cooked,  taste terrible .
This will soon become Monkey's go-to place for meat!  CHICKEN KATSU LOCO MOCO  is a large serving bowl we usually put in the center of the table and serve 6-10 guests from it.  No, here,  this is your order.  A serving bowl half full of rice, giant order of CHICKEN KATSU, eggs, hidden under delicious gravy.  Monkey did ask for gravy on the side, but no biggie.

Monkey went the way of MIXED PLATE(2 item combo), to taste more items.  ROAST PORK - tender, moist and delicious sans the gravy.  Man if you ran out of gravy, the food here is still delicious!  CHOP STEAK & ONIONS - delicious as it sounds, but some pieces of steak were tougher than others.  Still, flavor is delectable and Monkey enjoyed every bit of leftovers!  

Seriously cannot wait for a plate of FRESH AHI POKE!  Literally a plate full of large hunks of AHI and a side of rice.  The mac salad has to come out in a separate little bowl.  Came here on the way out of town.  Somebody had to finish it, since raw fish during the 4hr drive wouldn't exactly keep.  Monkey made it fit.

Service is nothing short of friendly, patient and welcoming.  Monkey thankful to Owner MAILE for a Monkey pic  :)
Best Hawaiian restaurant in Las Vegas. Hands down.
Terrible service. We waited 50 minutes to be seated then the waitress was rudeeeeee.  Just so you know we did not wait that long because there were no seats. We waited that long because the did not call our name on the waiting list. I'm sorry but bad service makes all food taste bad.
Love this place. I come here almost as a weekly routine. One of the best Hawaiian restaurants in Vegas. Excellent lau lau. If you're trying have some great island food and vibe this is the place to go. I personally love the mix plate with the kalbi and tery chicken.
This place is by far the best Hawaiian food in town. They have HUGE portions, totally worth the price. I usually get the Shoyu Chicken on their Thursday special. Staff is extremely friendly and funny. The specials are awesome. Great seasoning on everything. The cakes are huge and delicious. I also love their spam musubi. Go check em out. Had the Kalbi short ribs.....mmmmmm
Really good Hawaiian food, and typical with this type of food, they are a bit heavy on the salt. Just like in Hawaii. Large portions.
One can say the portions are huge, but the same can be said of most Hawaiian places.  And that said, Island Flavor is also your standard Hawaiian fare.  If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd certainly go there, but as an out of towner, I don't think I'll make a special trip just to eat there.

I had the Korean chicken, and it was good - the texture was great, and it was extra crispy, but although it had a kick to it, it could have had more of a kick, and it was a little bit too salty.  

The macaroni salad was also good, but still within the range of what you'd expect.  The rice, and if you have read my other reviews, I am picky about steamed rice, and here, they had the same issue as I have with  a lot of other places, and that is I found the rice to be too soft, and though I ate 75% of the two large scoops, I was not able to eat it all. 

I sampled some fries and I thought they were your everday run of the mill "thick" fries.   On the specials menu, they had cucumber kim chee for $2.00.  The taste was good, but we only got like a small sampler cup full, which would be about 1 1/2 banchan dishes at a Korean restaurant. 

Overall, the food was filling and enjoyable; the service was friendly, the people are nice.
Food was delicious. Service was good but they could be a little more friendly. Prices weren't that bad.
This was my first visit for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon.  They were located on S Durango Dr/W Windmill Ln in Las Vegas.

I ordered Spam Musubi and Kalbi Short Ribs.  The server brought out the Spam Musubi on a little plate right away still wrapped in plastic wrap.  She could have at least unwrapped it. The Spam Musubi had a layer of seasoned seaweed sprinkles on the spam which gave it a little more flavor.

This was of the best Kalbi Short Ribs that I have had in a Hawaiian restaurant in Las Vegas. There were 4 thick, tender, juicy, perfectly grilled slices of Kalbi.  Just a little fatty.  It came with a steak knife.  The Kalbi was on a bed of rice and raw cabbage with a scoop of rice and macaroni salad on the plate.  The macaroni salad was good.

I asked if they had a Military discount and they gave me a generous discount.  Many of the Hawaiian restaurants in town honor a Military discount.

I will be back!
While in town we decided to give this a try for lunch...we ordered the ahi tuna poke, oxtail soup, Korean fried chicken wings, kalbi short ribs w/fried rice Mac salad & chantilly cake. Ahi poke was bright & tasted very fresh, the oxtail soup was just ok not to crazy about big ginger, the Korean fried chicken wings was so tiny & very salty, The kalbi short ribs was ok but also tasted salty the bbq pork fried rice was also salty i was hoping for spam fried rice like hawaiian style the mac salad tasted good had a small amount. The chantilly cake was the best it tasted so good!!! I give it 3 stars cuz food was ok & service was ok. Mahalo!
I never would have thought of having food that reminds me being back on the island. This place has the authentic island vibe. I like how they stream the local Hawaiian radio station.

My Kalbi lunch plate was huge as expected. Fresh grill marks and charbroiled taste. Not Kalbi cooked on a flattop with a rubbery chewy texture. Will return again on my next excursion off the strip.
As I opened the door, a wave of sound exploded in my face unexpectedly. I have never been here before so I didn't think that such a small place can have a live band playing. How awesome is that?! I always wanted to try this place because: 1. It's right around my area, 2. I heard a scrumptious amount of pleasant reviews on the food here, and 3. It's Hawaiian food dude! Unfortunately I could not stay and eat inside the restaurant, but I did get to experience the ambience of the atmosphere while I was waiting for my order that I made to-go. 

First thing that caught my eye that made me happy was the size of the portions of the food when I looked around at people's plate. Second thing was that I could order a mix of the two entree! The menu also gave an option for brown rice too, hellyeah. There were other healthier options too in replacement of the macaroni salad, but that is too good to replace. So when I got my order, I bolted over to my friends house and opened my treasure box of satiation. The portion size, good. I like it. I can eat a whole cow and maybe half a horse, yeah it's kind of a curse sometimes. So I got the chicken katsu and half with the chicken teriyaki. I didn't expect the brown rice to be more of a mushy texture, but I didn't really mind it. It went well with the food in my opinion. The chicken was good, chicken teriyaki was good, and the macaroni salad, too good. I also ate the remaining 1/4 of my girlfriend's food cause she didn't finish it. It also came with a sauce; I think it was for the teriyaki but I just used it for everything lol.. It tastes good so why not. 

As for the first impression if trying this place, I regret not getting the loco moco to try but there will definitely be a second time.
Never on this side of town, so when I was hungry and deep SW, I figured it was time to put it to the test!

Typical Hawaiian restaurant vibe, so how's the food compare??

Kalbi Ribs...very good! Tender and juicy, not as fatty as 808 Plate (much cheaper though!), but still a great rendition.  This is my go-to dish that I compare all other Hawaiian spots...they are a solid #2 in my book so far :)

Shoyu Chicken...good stuff! This was a daily special...very tender and flavorful. Quite a bit more sweet than I was expecting...not too much soy taste.  Grandpa ate up every bit!

Spam Musubi...just the right spam/rice ratio, with a little bit of furikake like seasoning! Yum!  It's actually one of the best versions I've had...so easy to mess up such a simple staple!

Guava Drink...yes please!  These are very tasty and hit the spot while eating all the great food here.

I'll definitely be back... the location is the only holdup for me!

Pics :
Oxtail tastef like chix broth n was soooooooo greasy!!! Katsu was paired wid bbq sauce.... n it was cold.... Furikake shrimp tasted old. 

Really dissapointed especially they lettn a lil boy dress in ironman all over the restaurant n not care as he came to bother us 3x while eating.
huge portions, great price!  beef and chicken were both delicious. very friendly staff.  we will definitely be back
First stop for lunch on the way to Las Vegas with friends. I don't usually eat Hawaiian food so I wasn't sure what to expect. The portions were HUGE and the food was SO delicious. I ordered the Chop Steak & Onions, and the sauce was so good with everything! My boyfriend ordered the Furitake (?) Chicken and that was AWESOME as well. The food took about 15 minutes to come out but that was fine because the kitchen was taking their time to prepare it for us, and we all know that when it comes to food, quality over quantity (which in this case, Island Flavor had both!!). :) This is a must-try if you're around Vegas!!
This place is so good, I feel like I should write another review on it. Whenever I want some comfort food, this is the place to go. The staff makes me feel at home and the food never disappoints. It was my first time having POG here and it's so good. 

You can also find little Iron Man here with hulk hands. So cute. lol
So Ono!! It's weird that you have to go Vegas to get the best Hawaiian food. The service is always amazing. When your there you feel like your eating in Hawaii. Come with an appetite because you will be stuffed because the serving sizes are huge. But no complaints here. If you have room for desert order anything. They are all good but my favorite is the Haupia cake. At first I didn't wanna go but I'm sure glad I gave it a try.
Great food. Awesome service. Priced right. Always a family feel, full stomachs, and a big smile.
The best hawaiin food in las Vegas belive me 
This restaurant give You mor the what You 
Expect for the price. MY favorito is the oxtail soup And the ribs
furikake chicken is on point! huge portions
Best musubi in town! Everything I've eaten here has been so delicious! Huge portions absolute comfort food. My new favorite Hawaiian restaurant! I'd recommend the roasted pork smothered in gravy or the loco moco breaded chicken on a bead of rice smothered with gravy and topped with an egg. Sooo good!
After awaking from a long first night, we had built up our appetites. Since a couple of my friends were craving spam and eggs, this was the first place I thought of. I had this bookmarked in Yelp for awhile. 

When walking into Island Flavor, I felt like I was on vacation! Well, I was already on vacation anyway. I meant to stay vacationing on the big island of Hawaii. The restaurant wasn't busy and accommodated our group of five guys easily. Since I was the only one who wasn't craving spam and eggs, I went for my next best choice. The Chicken katsu loco moco.

The menu offerings looked so tasty, but I wanted to stick with the egg themed entree' at our table. When I got my loco moco, I felt like I was in a eating competition. The bowl that my meal was served in was huge! I had  generous portions of chicken katsu and rice. I didn't want to use the gravy, so I opted it on the side and get the katsu sauce instead. The chicken katsu was nice and crispy from the breading, yet tender inside with the chicken. The egg was a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg. 
Mixing the yolk with the white rice is always the best!

The staff here were very helpful and attentive. If your ever in Vegas and craving some authentic Hawaiian food, check out Island Flavor and give them a try!
Dear Island Flavor "Please go back to whatever you guys use to do, it was awesome. Don't take shortcuts. Just serve up some quality stuff as I remembered. And when are you going to get another cash register or at least another way for get us out after eating. When it's busy and we have to wait just to pay we get mad, at least others do. You added more seats and tables but how about more help."

Maybe getting more popular isn't a good thing. I've been here many many time but over the last few time they've been pretty consistent at being terrible.  I'm still giving them a 3.5 but it could easily drop to a 3 star rating. Most recently I was extremely SHAME that I brought a bunch of my coworkers here after talking up Island Flavor as one of the best Hawaiian food spots. A few of us ordered the Friday special, which people usually get here on Fridays, and I got OLD lomi lomi salmon and haupia that never set, runny like a soup. The lau lau was either over cooked or tasted like maybe freezer burnt. I thought it was maybe just me but the others also noticed how bad it was and some were pissed.  

I'll occasionally be back but it's going be a long time before I bring others. I will always take a chance for good food but if they serve me something bad again I'm done here. If you must go, they're known for some delicious Hawaiian food look at the pics, reviews, and ratings but I don't know anymore. 3 Star is as neutral as it can be, 2 star is where you should be scared of and so is a 1 star which I would have given if it was my first time here.
Big portions and the food was just like how I remembered it in Hawaii. Too bad the lau lau is only available on Friday so I didn't get any before I left.
One of my favorite local spots for Hawaiian food in vegas. 

The reason is bc of their chicken katsu Loco moco. Its basically a Loco moco but instead of the beef patties it has chicken katsu. This is amazing and only place that I have seen this dish. 

The spam musibu has way wayyyy too much rice imo.
The food and portions are good. As for customer service and "aloha" atmosphere..did not see it or feel it from the staff. Seemed not friendly and no smiles. Sorry I would have rated this better if the staff was more customer service friendly. Other Hawaiin restaurants have  better customer service.
Always up to trying new Hawaiian eateries and my latest curiosity brought me here:

Ambiance: a lot of tropical themed portraits and awesome aerial shot of Oahu.  Very nostalgic.  The servers, as you would expect in all things Hawaiian, were really nice.

Food: I wanted to go for the gusto and got the Hawaiian plate: pork lau lau version.  The flavor was there, however, it lacked the moistness that stays in the lau lau when you personally take it out of the ti leaf. 

Overall: I will definitely be back.  There's a lot of items on the menu that takes me back to the islands.

Good job!!!!
This one is worth the drive. A coworker told me about this place but I live in NW Vegas and this seemed out of the way. I happened to be in the area last night an stopped by. I am glad I did! I got the mix plate with the roast pork and hamburger steak. My wife had the Furikake chicken. It was all great! Staff was friendly and the portions are HUGE! We will be back! 

The live Hawaiian music was a welcome surprise.
Went to Island Flavor for lunch food was great.
Whenever I'm stuck on the 9th island for all work (no play), I visit Island Flavor. Almost...almost...makes me forget I'm in the desert and instead right back at home. :) What's cool is the guy who runs it is from the Big Island. So if anyone is going to do local food right in Vegas, it's going to be this guy.

My friends had mixed reviews, but I've not been disappointed. I stick with the teri chicken or the chicken katsu loco moco. Always large portions.The only thing I would recommend if you don't like to drink gravy, is to ask for it on the side. They give a BEEEEEEEEG vat of gravy. :) 

Depending if there's room, you can't go wrong with the mud pie or haupia cake. YUM!

And of course, when paying the bill at the counter grabbing a spam musubi for the road. Good local eats when I'm away from home.
Never had Hawaiin food before and won't be the last time. Friendly Hawaiin staff and the food is very generously portioned. I can recommend the mixed plate with Hawaiin roast pork and steak and onions with fried rice. I'm from NY and when I come down to Vegas I will be coming back.
Got the roast pork Loco moco. It was really good. Only qualm I have is when I asked if they could add a burger patty to it, I was told that it would cost an extra 7.50... $7.50???? MIGHT AS WELL GET ANOTHER FREAKIN LOCO MOCO. GG. Regardless, food was still really good.
Good food even greater service! My go to place if I have people from out of town! Roast pork loco moco best rice combo! Poke salad is the bomb! order the fish fresh! Oxtail soup will hit the spot! Love this place! Love the staff very friendly and accommodating!
Right next to rhodes ranch. This place was packed fof a sunday. They have around 30-40 seats... Very nice staff. Buffet (jimmy) was playing... Everyone reallh enjoying food and conversation. I ordered to go... Because the niners were on TV. Ordered the sesame poke (3/4 in cubes) tasted very nice... My favorite thing thus far. Korean chicken, even though talked about a lot on yelp- i didnt love it... Actually, i didnt even like it... Ribs were done ok... There are some other things on the menu i will try in the future. Ill be back and rate again.
Why am I am giving this establishment a meager 2 stars? Short story: OK food doesn't make up for bad service. And bad service should never be present at a hawaiian restaurant. Chinese, OK. Hawaiian, no.

Long story:
My sister was visiting with her baby and I wanted to take her, the baby, my dad and my brother somewhere near my area for a quick lunch. I found Island Flavor on my Yelp app and liked what I saw. It wasn't very packed when we came in and they had enough room for our small stroller. Immediately noticed our waitress seemed perturbed that we had brought the stroller in. As we sat down, my sister noticed that her child needed a diaper change so she asked the waitress if they had a changing area in their restroom. Nope. But that was ok, not all restaurants have this luxury. So she took her baby back to the car to change her there. She was back in around 10 minutes and as soon as she sat down, our waitress came by and asked if we were ready to order. We look up at her quizzically because I was sure that she saw my sister just sat down. The waitress scowling then adds, "Are you ready? Yes or no?" I chose to ignore her curt behavior at that moment. My sister quickly made a decision and we got our food. 

The portions were very plentiful. My dad and sister's order of kalbi ribs was pretty good. My porkchops however were bland and were not grilled as how I imagined porkchops would be. My brother's chicken barbecue was just OK but not as good as other hawaiian barbecue places. After we all got a drink refill, our surly waitress never came back to check on us. I even had to ask for the check from another waitress who I overheard talking to another customer. I believe she said that the owner was at the cash register and that our sour waitress was apparently the owner's daughter. Well, after what seemed like forever, the entire restaurant is almost empty and no waitress to take our credit card, we all get up and I hand our payment to the cashier/owner. I believe we have been perfectly reasonable customers and the baby didn't even make a big fuss so I'm very perturbed by this place. More unforgivable that an owner shows bad customer service at a hawaiian restaurant. The aloha spirit has left this building, folks.
By far the best Hawaiian food I've ever had in Las Vegas

I ordered the short ribs and my sister had the  the chicken katsu both were extremely fresh and not mainstream tasting and the service was great too will be coming back the next time I am in Vegas.

My only regret is I wish I ordered more spam Musubi before my road trip back to San Diego
Feeling blue..homesick?...walk in and you feel like you are back home..

Big portions. ..all the classics...roast pork..Chantilly cake
Since moving to Utah in late 2009, I hadn't found a restaurant that served ONO Hawaiian food until I ate at Island Flavor. The first time I went, I ate a whole pound of Hanalei Poi with poke, a bowl of Portuguese bean soup, and a plate of braised beef. Even the waiter advised me that they serve big portions. 

No Lon L., Aunty ate ALL da food.

Had to hana hou before I returned to Utah. Yes, I had another pound of Hanalei poi with their spare ribs special. It was all ONO. Plus I drank a whole glass of ono guava juice. Bought 4 spam musubis to go and enjoyed 2 when I got home to Utah. My grandson enjoyed the other 2.

I miss Hanalei Poi and all the ono entrees at Island Flavor. It is top of my to do list when I return to Las Vegas. Until then, I'll be dreaming of your ono food.

Mahalo plenty for taking me home to Hawaii with all your ono grinds.
The vibe is good, the employees are nice, the food is great, but what's worth it is the portion! Large meals for a great price!
The BEST Hawaiian food I've had in vegas. Their short ribs were amazing and I crave their mac salad. If you like Hawaiian food, you must go to this place!
one of the best local kine grindz in vegas.  the portions are huge and price is reasonable.  usually i can only fish half my meal and have the rest for dinner.  roast pork loco moco is a definite winner.  korean chicken and roast pork mix plate is also awesome.  whatever you order, you can't go wrong.  but i did come in for the hawaiian plate on friday and i was sadly disappointed.  the lau lau was super dry, haupia was more like a grainy runny pudding.  for hawaiian plate, kauai cafe is much much better.  but all in all, island flavor is a really good place to eat.
I can say that this is the best Hawaiian food in town! Serving is so big and the Service is good! 

will come back and i recommend this place!
I can't say I have ever tried big island Hawaiian food but decided to do so while looking for something different over the casino buffets and Asian offerings in Vegas Chinatown (or Asian strip malls) - and what a great place.  Great Hawaiian welcome, service, food, and greater portions.  Ordered the Kalbi short ribs and it was delicious.  My boys (about 8 of us) were also all happy with their selections, service, and portions!
Awesome place to eat! I highly recommend coming here with your friends and family. I live all the way down in the east side and its worth the drive. I usually get the chicken katsu, my favorite.
What's an east coast guy know about "local grinds". Not much lol but my taste buds know good flavor. And let me say one word.

Poke! It's damn good. I have yet to try anything else, but I must say that Korean Chicken looks and smells worth checking out. I'll definitely be getting around to it
Me: "That's the closest Hawaiian restaurant by our house."
My mom: "What is Hawaiian food?" 
Me: "Umm. It's a lot of Asian food you've had before. Except there always seems to be macaroni salad on the side."
My mom: "What do you mean?"
Me: "You know! Like kalbi. WIth macaroni salad."
My mom: "What else?"
Me: "Uhh, chicken teriyaki. With macaroni salad."
My mom: "Is that it?"
Me: "Well they have some unique things. They have something called Kalua pork. It comes with macaroni salad too." 

So I'm going to be completely honest. I don't even totally know what Hawaiian food consists of. I stopped by once to get lunch to go and ordered a 2-item combo with Kalua pork and tonkatsu. I really appreciated that you could substitute white rice for brown at no additional charge. 

The joint's in what looks like a deserted strip mall and the windows are extra tinted to the point where you're not sure if you're in Detroit or southwest Las Vegas, so I'm not ever sure if it's open or not. Either way, it's good to know we have some dining options in our neck of the woods.

P.S. Oh! I forgot to mention there was macaroni salad in my to go order. ALOHA.
everything. EVERYTHING is absolutely delish here. 

staff & service put it over the top.
Possibly the best Hawaiian food you will find in town! The portions are huge!!! Loved the oxtail soup and the kalbi ribs were just delicious. oh and did I mention the portions are huge?? The atmosphere is great as they sometimes have live music playing in the restaurant. I just wished it wasn't so far away from where I lived though or I would be here all the time.
Everyone is so nice and food is amazing. I always crave for the ahi poke and this place is simply the best for satisfying it!
YUMMY!!! The best Hawaiian food I have had here in Las Vegas!!!! Tastes like Kauai!!! The Ahi poke was delicious! Huge portions and great service.  I will definitely be back soon!!!
They are now open 7 days a week! Yippee!! ;)

I've tried many Hawaiian restaurants in Vegas and this is by far the best. My husband and I have been to Big Island, Oahu, Maui, and Kauai and tried many restaurants. We even asked for their recommendations before traveling to Hawaii and tried the places they told us to go to, and while we were in HI we both said we like Island Flavor more! 

So far I have not had a bad meal here. Teriyaki chicken is good (and this is something I never order anywhere but I like theirs). Korean short ribs, roast pork, loco moco, katsu, and my favorite is the Poke Salad with raw poke. I like the wontons, purple yam, tomatoes, cucumber, and sesame dressing! Unfortunately, the price has gone up because of the cost of tuna over the years making it an expensive dish, but still good quality nonetheless. 

The staff is pretty friendly here and the one time my poke was not made correctly (too spicy and way too much sauce) they were more than willing to correct it for me. 

We always get a seat when we go, but if you go on a Friday night expect a wait. There was live music and dancing when we went on a Friday night.
This restaurant is definitely worth a try everything had big portions and the food was delicious and fresh.service was great food was affordable and my family that enjoyed it very much.
Best Hawaiian food in town. I love the pork chops. They bring you huge plates. Everything we ordered there was more than one person can eat. Great prices to, so you cant beat it. A must try
This place is honestly the best! The service you receive here is that of a home town hero shop back on the islands! They are so friendly and seriously greet everyone that walks in by name, that's just the least this place has to offer. The food is amazing here! The Korean chicken and fried noodles with chicken are delicious! Prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get and they always have great specials!
This place is a little out of my way but it was worth the trip because the food was delicious! I had the Ox Tail soup on a hot day and it was so good! The broth had a savory taste and it was filled with meat and veggies. I like that the rice and mac salad was also included. I like eating rice with my soup because it reminded me of Sinigang . I don't know if I spelled that right but it is a Filipino soup that my mom makes. The mac salad was awesome I could have easily ate two scoops! 

I had the guava cake for desert because it was pink ..that is my favorite color . The waitress also recommended it .  The cake was nice and moist and it wasn't overly sweet. If I'm ever near this location  Island Flavor would definitely be on my list!
This place is amazing! The staff is super friendly and I love their Hawaiian accents! The food is also really cheap for the amount that you're getting. I tend to order the half orders because one full serving is way too much! The only time I ever get a full order is if I'm ordering to-go so that I can eat it throughout the day. 

My favorite dish is the loco moco plate. The meat is huge!! They probably pack it there themselves because I rarely ever see such big portions anywhere else. It's a nice change from seeing the single beef patties on top of the rice like most other places. They're also very generous on the amount of gravy they pour over everything. Oh and the egg was cooked perfectly. I always get my eggs sunny side up and they have never messed it up here. Another one of my favorite items here is the furikake ahi poke. It used to be a lot cheaper per pound but now they sell it by market price. I believe it was around $14/lb last time I was there. Not too bad but it was definitely a lot cheaper before. They can do half orders for the poke too if you don't wanna spend too much. Another one of my favorites here is the katsu curry plate. Although last time I got it, the curry was a little salty. Not overly salty but I had to eat more rice to compensate. 

I've heard their oxtail soup here is to die for. I haven't tried it yet but it's on my list of things to try along with their guava cake. I can't wait! Island Flavor is my go to hawaiian food spot. Cheap food with giant portions... can't beat that!
I was not disappointed.  

Had the Loco Moco, and it was an extremely hearty portion.  The gravy used to smother it all was very tasty.  Even the beef patty seemed high quality. 

I will be back!
I don't particularly enjoy writing negative reviews, especially for a place that I once loved and highly recommended. 

Because we absolutely loved their kalbi short ribs, we decided to order a party tray from them. (1/2 pan size kalbi short ribs = $80) Imagine my disappointment when several of the short ribs were blackened, as in burned. They sat on the bottom of the tray and went unnoticed for awhile. We were wondering why our guests weren't eating them and that's when we saw the unsightly pieces. My mom went to the restaurant later on that week to let them know. They took down our phone number and said they would call us to talk about it. No one called. A few months later, my mom returned and went in to talk to them and again was told someone would call us to talk about it. We were told that usually the owner would have checked out our order before it went out, but on that particular day, she came in after we picked up the order. Therefore, she never saw the order go out.  Again, no call from them.

Because I was so disappointed with that experience, the food and the lack of customer service, I decided to just not eat there anymore.

After almost a year of protesting, we finally decided to order food from there again. I initially tried ordering Pork Lau Lau on a Friday, but was told they didn't have any. I ended up with the combo Kalbi short ribs and furikake shrimp. My short ribs were blackened again! However, the Husband's order of short ribs were just fine. Also, the shrimp just didn't taste that great anymore. My Mom always orders the oxtail soup and always comments on how fatty their version is. You can see chunks of fat on theirs that probably should have been trimmed a little. (I'm all down for a little fat, but theirs is just too much.)

Their tuna poke salad, both raw or cooked, was pretty damn good...especially the dressing. But it's since doubled in price and not really worth it anymore. 

Overall, I'm pretty sad that Island Flavor isn't in our repertoire of food choices these days. Quality and service had just gone down since they first opened and I get a sour taste in my mouth when I think of them now. With their current 4.5 star rating on Yelp, they won't be hurting for business I'm sure.
My favorite dish: Furikake Chicken - you have to come here simply to have this!

My must have special: Smoked Meat - not sure what day it is on, but this stuff is good!

My ultimate guilty dessert pleasure: Kona Mud Cake or Bread Pudding; both are equally yummy.

My fiance is in love with this place and every time he comes to Vegas, we have to go here at least once. But we have double tapped this joint during our visits many times. You simply cannot go wrong with any dish here. Our ultimate favorite is the Furikake Chicken, but I also like the fresh poke, the Friday Lau Lau serving, and of course breakfast with Portuguese sausage. Some folks rave that the Kalbi ribs here are bomb, but to me they're just ok.
Loooove the furikake chicken!!!! The chicken katsu loco moco is not bad too. Portions are huge.. Could feed 3 women. But i dont mind, im looking forward to taking my leftovers to go. Definitely coming back!
Pretty yum food.  I had the korean bbq/chicken katsu plate with mac.  korean bbw was a bit well done and chewy, and katsu was katsu.  Service was awesome and would definitely return due to this.  As for desserts, I would recommend the guava cake.  Had Chantilly cake which was 3 stars and coco puffs with chantilly cream= 2.5 stars.  guava was 4 stars!
Four stars for decently cooked food with large portion sizes. Nice staff. However, I wanted to try the tuna poke salad and it was listed as "market price" - ended up being $16. Was so disappointed. :(  I wouldn't mind coming here again but I do wish that the tuna poke was more reasonably priced.
Honestly this place is actually pretty good. I've heard from mangy people to come here but never had a chance to.
The restaurant had a look to it with friendly service.

The only thing I didn't like about this place is the loco moco. The gravy is a tad bit too salty. Taste like salt to me. But it's just my opinion idk.

Overall this is a good place to eat! I'd definitely come back!
Hands down the best Hawaiian restaurant! No other place compares to this place! The food just feels so authentic the staff is super friendly they make you feel at home! And make sure you order the guava juice!
Best food and Paleo friendly for all my crossfitters.  This place is kid friendly as well as ohana friendly.  This place is clean, wholesome, and feels at home.  I wish you guys were in NYC.  I always come back here every time we visit LV.
Excellent everything food and service were great, best hawaiian food ive had here in vegas. I just hope they open one a little closer tobme with a bigger location but till then I will keep going there
We have been here a few times!! Every time it's better and better. Best Hawaiian food in Vegas. The Hawaiian pork roast is amazing.
best Hawaiian food in Vegas period. everything on the menu is delicious, but if you're going there for the first time I recommend that you get the combo plate so that you can try multiple things at once. if you have room for dessert their Kona cake... wow.  they also sell spam musubi and banana bread at the counter. grab those when you can because they sell out quick! in addition to the food very friendly service. it's definitely a must try. you won't regret it.
This is the closest Hawaiian place to us and I was so happy that they got such great ratings on yelp. Although I didn't feel like it was mind-blowing, Island Flavor will now be our go-to Hawaiian place whenever we have the craving for it. 

Furikake Chicken- I have never had Furikake Chicken before this and first bite was AMAZING. It was crispy, sweet, and cooked just right. After about the third bite, it was getting to be too sweet for me so I stopped.

Kalua Pig- Every time we try a new Hawaiian place, I ALWAYS order their Kalua Pig first. (i don't know why) There's was good but I feel like I could use a bit more of the juices. The meat was tender and the cabbage was cooked just right, but I would have wanted some of the soup to moisten my rice with

Chicken Katsu- pretty standard. Their sauce with the katsu was delicious. Finally, a katsu sauce that hasn't been watered down!

Roasted Pork Loco Moco- I know there are a lot of amazing reviews on this but I thought it was just 'meh'. The gravy was a little lighter than I would like and it lacked a bit of flavor. Maybe it was just an off night? I feel like loco moco is a hawaiian staple, so to mess it up would be blasphemy.  I mean they didn't "mess it up" but I have had and (made) better. Again, it may have been an off night and it definitely won't stop me from coming back. 

Spam musubis- these were awesome and even had a layer of extra flavor in between the spam and rice. I'm not sure what it was but I know it was green and may have had sesame seeds? Whatever it was, we loved it!

Chantilly cake- DELICIOUS! it was as if chocolate cake and tres leches had a baby. 

Guava Cake- So good and so PINK! it wasn't overwhelmingly guava-y and not too sweet. Just right!

Our first impression was not as good as I would have liked. We ordered our food to-go and when we got home, we realized we didn't have the right order. Thankfully, it only takes less than 10 minutes to get there from our house. My bf drove back to get our order and he came back with a complimentary piece of guava cake. They were all really nice when we were there, so not mad at all. Definitely coming back!
I would drive all the way back to Las Vegas, just to come eat here! 

It was such a random find...we were driving to Vegas and I was really craving some poke and somehow found this place because it was still open by the time we reached the area. 

Located off the strip, in a small strip mall with plenty of parking. Upon walking in, I knew we were going to have a nice hawaiian meal. Almost everyone there was hawaiian and there was a guy singing and playing his ukelele. 

First and foremost, the service here is beyond amazing! The lady running the place is the sweetest. She's fast and efficient, makes great suggestions and she cares so much about her food! 

And the food...oh my goodness!!!! So yummy. We ordered the shoyu poke as an appetizer. And it was such a large amount...I definitely had my poke fix:
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=liUDL0_QkxmQ6GZwxsd8YA&userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg

I ended up ordering the chicken furikake, which I've never had before but it was suggested:
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=p_62gNsitkBL2YWYKZDETw&userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg
It was probably the best thing I've ever had in a long while. It was so good!!! 

My sasquatch ordered the kalbi short ribs:
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Hvuk6dldYcVr1aajI25Rrw&userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg
He was so hungry he started eating them quickly. The nice lady who was running the place saw that the short rib was slightly undercooked. She was so concerned, even though he didn't mind much. And she ended up putting in a nicely cooked new piece into our to-go boxes. She was so sweet. 

So definitely it was a 5 star experience for me. The food. The service. It's worth the drive! I miss this place already and wish there was something like this in LA!
Ok.... This is by far the place to go if you want authentic local food.  Their ox tail is to die for and their Chantilly cake and cocoa puffs just like liliha on Oahu.  I'm very picky when in comes to food...... And I rate this the best!
Gotta eat here once or twice a month. Can't get chantilly cake anywhere else that good. The food is awesome not to mention the servings.
This place is amazing. So friendly, such amazingly authentic food. I couldn't be happier knowing you guys are down the street with the best kalbi ribs in vegas.
Fast, friendly service with HUGE portions. I feel like I underpaid. Food was delicious and felt just like home back on Maui. Will be returning anytime I'm feeling homesick or just wanna eat some ono kine grindz!
The best Furikake Chicken, Lau Lau, and Kalbi!!!
What I had: Mix plate = Roasted pork (w/ gravy) (left) + Souyou Chicken (right) + 2 scoops rice + Mac + drink = $14+

The waitresses are nice and attended to me 3-4 times. The "big one" has a strong Hawaiian vernacular which I liked

THE GOOD: Better roasted pork then most other hawaiian places, covered with gravy loco moco style while other Hawaiian restaurants actually use hamburger patties for their loco moco. I prefer this roasted pork, reminds me of turkey and gravy and will PUT YOU TO SLEEP - I saw someone on here complaining about it being mostly fat - He must've gotten the bottom of the barrel because mine was mostly meat with only 1-2 pieces of fat - HUGE Portions - bring a toothpick ;)

The Souyou chicken is like a bowl with ACTUAL chicken breast and leg pieces in the soupy teriyaki-like thick broth. Not too sweet which is good cause teriyaki can make or break a dish... teriyaki taste was perfect, not too sweet, not too salty - This was on special because it was thursday and it was $9 by itself - but the waitress was kind enough to suggest i get the mix plate with that on it instead which was only $13 (before drink(s) - the chicken skin fat was ACTUALLY EDIBLE... unlike L&L BBQ which is veiny, super fat and makes me gag. Great food period

The mac and rice were decent but nothing to brag about

THE BAD: The "Tropical flavor" ice tea was disappointing because I was expecting something NICE - it was REALLY just passionfruit ice tea and it was bland and not even sweet. I had to add a couple Splenda packs to make it good

All-in-all I would highly recommend this place. It may seem pricey but the portion size will leave you stuffed and makes it well worth the money - You could NOT eat all day, then eat one $14 meal here and be stuffed.
Have you ever watched Lilo & Stitch? Pretty good, right? Well, sit your little aloha down here, and come hungry! 

Can I just tell you right now that if you like gravy, then you're going to order chicken katsu loco moco. It's crazy good! (You can get el pollo loco after if you want). 

Dude, seriously, it's in a bowl! And the bowl is bigger than your stomach!! A heaping of golden chicken katsu on top of perfect (jasmine?) white steamed rice. And to top all off... An explosion of gravy everywhere.. In a bowl! I also forgot to mention, two eggs cooked in any style you want.. In a bowl! Not a plate.. A massive bowl. Like eating cereal for dinner (+5000 more calories) I prefer over easy.. So you split the yolk and mix it with the gravy and it's like a super special moment, nah mean? 

Aunty, the waitress, recommend you try da half kalbi short ribs half furikake chicken, brah! Broke da mout! (Which it think translates to hella bomb!!) and I try em wat Aunty say n I tell her .. "Oooh Aunty, it's onolicious!" 

By the way, if you think you can finish it all in one sitting, you're going to hell cause you're a liar! You can't. You're not supposed to. You get a box and you take 'em home braddah!

Btw, on aloha Fridays, try the lau lau. & if you have room for dessert, dare you to get the kona coffee mud pie! Good thing 85% of the time it's aloha Friday on Fridays 100% of the time!
For casual Hawaiian in LV, this is the place.

What I had: I was in the mood for greens (after eating too much fried food and pizza), so I tried their salad, mixed plate of cabbage & pork + ribs.  My friend had fried noodles.   We couldn't even try dessert.

The salad was very simple just cut romaine with a couple of slices of some type of sweet purple potato (?), cucumber and tomato.  The dressing was really good and it was topped with all these crispy fried wontons.  nothing special, but pleasing.

The meals were really enjoyable.  Cabbage & pork is my comfort food, and this was perfectly seasoned and moist.  The ribs are to die for:  really must have.  And the fried noodle special was thoroughly enjoyable.  Can't wait to go back and explore more of the menu.
I am originally from the Big Island.  Hilo to be specific.  I grew up with food like this and have been trying to find some type of local food in Las Vegas.  I've been to most "Hawaiian" food places in Las Vegas.  None that I have been to have got it as well as Island Flavor.  

We ordered the Poke (Shoyu), My wife had the Kalua Pig and Cabbage and I had the Combo Korean Chicken and Kal Bi.

The portions were enormous.  

Service was ok.  I don't go out to eat for service.  They make their money from the service they give or not.  So the service does not affect my score.
I now only come here for the sole purpose of their ahi poke, furikake style. I freaking love that stuff. 

I'm basing this review off of my recent visit a few days ago:

When we walk in, we are immediately seated. Get our drink orders, take a few minutes to decide and all that jazz. Finally we go with an order of ahi poke for me, oxtail soup, a mixed plate of chopped steak and onions and chicken katsu, and a bowl of saimin (can't remember the name). 

Ahi poke - 5/5 like always. Huge chunks of fresh fish. I can never finish the last few pieces of the regular order but I'm still hungry when I do the half order. That furikake style is the way to go though. I'm never going to order anything else!

Oxtail soup - 0/5 which was very disappointing since it was $11 of pure saltiness. At first I was in denial and blamed it on the ginger in the soup but as I continued to sip on it I couldn't even eat it anymore. SO SALTY! The meat wasn't very tender. Very disappointed with this one. 

Chopped steak and onions & chicken katsu - 3/5 because the chicken katsu was incredibly bland. There was really no flavor at all and not even the katsu sauce could save it. They should have transferred some of the salt from that oxtail soup to that chicken. And usually I can never go wrong ANYWHERE with chicken katsu but wow I was disappointed since this place is a bit more pricier than Ohana Hawaiian BBQ. The chopped steak and onions was good though. Very greasy but it was good. Those onions even taste better than the katsu. 

Saimin - 3/5. It was just OK nothing too special. At least this wasn't salty like the oxtail so that was a plus I guess. I dunno maybe I'll give this another try one day. 

Service - 3/5. Does anyone ever smile here anymore!? I used to love the servers here because they were very friendly and welcoming but geez can you all at least pretend like you're in a good mood? It's a huge turn off when I can tell that workers hate their job. At least pretend like you want to be there! Our server especially was giving off a rude vibe. For the oxtail we asked for extra bowls so we can all share (there was 4 of us) and he only comes out with one. When we asked him again for more bowls he was like "more bowls? Okayyyy but there's one right there." Fool I'm not blind, I know how to count. Don't try to pull it off like were stupid or something. We obviously are asking for more so we can share and we told you twice. That set me off a little.. but I wasn't going to make his day worse so I let it go. 

I was really disappointed during this visit because I usually love coming here. Aside from the excellent poke, the food and service was just ehhh. Well I guess as long as I keep coming here for the poke, I won't be disappointed! :)
This is probably my favorite hawaiian restaurant in vegas. The portions are actually large portions! All the other places don't give you much for your buck. I've tried the kalbi, saimin, poke, etc. I love it here and the service is great. You have to get dessert! Love the haupia ice cream cake. Big portion again so you need to share but it is amazing. 

If they aren't open then I'm not eating hawaiian food anywhere else. I'd wait till the next day.
Awww yeah. I meant to go to Island Style but got routed here instead. Located in a nondescript Vegas strip mall. Walked in and the girls that work there are really nice. 

After a flight from SFO, we are super hungry. We ordered the stuff below:

Furikake ahi poke...ah good stuff. Came out a bit on the cold side, but the flavor on them cubes were on point. Not so powerful, but just right. Onions, hawaiian salt, fresh cracked pepper, and some oil

Chicken katsu... good but not great. Average taste, on the dry side. But still good when you're hungry.

Furikake chicken...dang! broke da mouth dis one. Geez, so tasty and flavorful and Im sure oh so bad for you but whatever. I'm in it for the taste. Love this dish.

Kalua cabbage...it's good, but the pork that I got was more on the fatty side. I like mines with lean pork. But it was still good, and not overly salty like some other places. 

Fried rice....also good, but not great. But I also compare fried rice to my faves at Side Street Inn and Big City Diner in Hawaii.

All in all, this place is really good. Come here for good food. And although we were way too full to eat their dessert, their haupia cake looked friggin amazing.
I really can't get enough of this place. Although it's way off the strip and out of the way for us tourists, we still find ourselves making a visit to this restaurant almost once every Vegas trip.

The Chicken Katsu Loco Moco is amazing. No other Hawaiian restaurant offers Loco Moco with Chicken, always traditional with the burger patty. The gravy is what sets Island Flavor's Loco Moco apart from everyone else's.. Grandma's secret recipe is the best! I suggest asking for the gravy on the side because they give you a lot where you can take the rest home and make a whole new breakfast with it!

The Furikake Ahi Poke was very fresh and well seasoned. It comes in a half or full order but the half was a pretty good amount as an appetizer for two.
The Korean Chicken wings were very flavorful and crispy.. would be even better with a pint of beer. ;)
The saimin was just okay, nothing special but still perfect for a cold day.

Great food, great restaurant.. owner talked about opening a location in LA. I'm sure that would make a lot of people very happy!
Ok let's start off by saying I'm prejudice to this place because I'm Hawaiian. After my favorite Hawaiian restaurant closed (Hawaiian hale) 

I was feeling kinda bummed out. But low and behold I heard about this Hawaiian restaurant that opened up and they come from the big island. So u know what that means, had to come and try it. 

I was expecting L&L style cuisine the norm for most Hawaiian dubbed restaurants. But was greatly surprised to to see the menu. It still has some classic L&L dishes u would expect. Kalbi ribs etc. 

But it's the non L&L dishes the caught my attention. Portugese bean soup (one of my favorites), Aloha LauLau Fridays, hoisin baby back ribs, Korean chicken and roast pork loco moco to name a few.. I have tried all of these and they are delicious.

You must come and give this place a try..
horrible, horrible service, if i can give this place a negative star i would. there is no aloha in the atmosphere in this place. needs better staff. my family and i waited 10 min. it was going to be our 1st time eating here but no acknowledgement to either wait or just take a sit. the worst part was there was an employee a heavy set girl but the register and she did not once even say we'll be with you in a bit. and the kitchen staff was just staring at us. just had to leave i have a toddler super hungry don't time for this. i can only imagine if my family stayed how we would get serve if they didn't even acknowledge us at the door. also this place is super small and for the area its located i thought more of the place but i was let down!
This place is horrible Idk about the food the service was so bad we just left we walked in and the lady at the register had an attitude all the employees saw us standing the for almost 10 min and no one sat us or even attempted to tell us to wait so we just left.
Going here on a Sunday for a late lunch was probably not the best time. It was pretty busy! I ordered a mixed plate with kalbi and chopped steak. The flavor was delicious, but the kalbi was quite chewy. I love the macaroni salad! The dessert portions were large. We ordered a guava cake and banana bread pudding. The guava cake was moist and sweet... But not too sweet. The bread pudding was yummy but a bit burnt. Overall, I would go back and try it again.
Great Food! Friendly Staff! Aloha Stye!
Give this local grindz a 4.5! Pretty authentic Hawaiian food here with big portions. Of course the price goes along with it, but I must say....tastey!!! Don't waste your money on the guava cake, when u can have the kona mud pie. The guava didn't taste fresh. Must try their combo plate roast pork and kalbee! Oh and also their furikake chicken, Ono! Fried rice was a no go as it's too dry and best when using non sticky rice. Chicken katsu loco moco almost gave me a heart attack as it was so huge! Friendly staff and lots of memories of the islands.
I'm giving Island Flavor a 3 star review because when I went there (only been once) it was a Friday at around 7:30 pm and the place was FREEZING. There was a wait and there is no where for a waiting party to sit, so we had to go outside abs stand or sit in the car. 

The decor.....well there's no decor or even an attempt at one. It's a small restaurant in a strip mall and it shows for it. 

Food was good, the Chicken Katsu a bit flavorless but still good. The Portuguese Bean Soup tasted more like Pork and Beans from a can, it was just ok. 

Eating in freezing temperatures is not fun and the servers weren't the friendliest. 

It's ok for a quick or "I'm driving by it" bite.
I've eaten at many Hawaiian food places in Las Vegas, this my favorite. Great food, big portions the food is not half assed like other food places.
Food was exceptional for the price!  Staff was absolutely superb!!! Desert was good.....tad chilly so make sure you bring a light jacket when dining in.  Atmosphere reminds you of a cafeteria setting.  Overall a must go to if in the area!
DESSERT!!!!! AMAZING! 

Where has this lil gem been hiding! We came here to eat dessert and it was packed! After I saw that I knew we were in right place! 

We sat down and ordered the following  

Haupia Cake 
Bread Pudding
Chantilly Cake 
Kona Coffee Mud Cake

Not just with the first bite but every single bite was an eye closer! When you put that fork in your mouth with that fluffy Chantilly cake you close your eyes and need a moment of  silence! 

We only went for dessert and will be coming back for food! Service is great, casual relax place! 

One of the best desserts I have had in my life!  

Ps  portions are big! Share with friends we did and still had leftovers!
Haven't been to this place for a long time order the short ribs and teriyaki chicken and for dessert the Kona coffee pie. Getting the food to go so once consumed I'll let you all know how the food was.Well, I ate the whole thing lol and it was really tasty.  Short ribs have a tendency to have more fat than meat but this place gives plenty of meat, nice flavor, tender...perfect. The Kona Pie was really good but the crust was a little too sweet for my taste. Chicken teriyaki was pretty good also. This place is the real deal so if you want more of the authentic Hawaiian food flavor come and give this place a try. Have a wonderful day and happy yelping  your fellow yelpie xoxox
A loooooot of hype about this place has been going on since I have been talking about how I was going to be in Vegas this past weekend. Great local feel!! All the employees were like auntys and uncles (Hawaii slang) and it was as if I was dining at some restaurant at home =]

I had a hard time choosing between chicken katsu and the katsu loco moco. They both sounded SOO SO OSOO OOSOOSOOO good! Not to mention the people around me were eating katsu loco mocos and I might have droooled a little...

But I stuck with ordering the plain katsu because I knew I wasnt going to be able to finish all of my food and so I thought it would be easier to save! Saving a katsu loco moco makes me think of soggy chicken katsu and Idk if I am really a fan of that.

Katsu was ON POINT. I love it when katsu is crispy and their katsu was just that! Omg and their macaroni salad was super delicious too. They have huge pieces of pepper and it really gave your mouth a little kick while eating it.. i enjoyed that. 2 scoops rice, a mound of katsu and 1 scoop mac salad for $9??? WIN. WIN. WIN. 

They also give you a nice container of sauce. Im a sauce lover so I NEED lots of sauce :3

Plus the service was so friendly and wonderful! "You need to eat half of your plate to get a take out box!" *jokingly of course. But we laughed. I think all of us were a little beat up from clubbing and shennanigans from the night before so eating a large meal of meat and rice was not high up on the agenda before a 6 hour car ride to LA... Still delicious though and I am actually eating my leftovers as I type this!
First timers,  we ordered a pound of shoyu ahi poke (fresh ), spam and eggs, combo plate with kalbi short ribs and furtikake chicken.. Everything was good but the furtikake chicken was amazing! We will definitely be back.

Oh and the service was good too!
Food is delicious! Only reason I'm only giving 4 stars is the service could be better. But even with so-so service I'll still keep coming back for the food! Love the combo plates. The Kalbi ribs and furikake chicken and shrimp are so good! Love love love the food! Oh, did I mention that I LOVE the food??!!!
PROS:
     Portions - you could easily share with someone if you aren't into leftovers 
     Hours - open late! 
     Quality of food - everything I had here was delicious. The better half did a "pick two" with the shrimp and Hawaiian pork and I had the chicken katsu. We would have ordered more if we weren't stuffed with leftovers in hand  already.

CONS: 
     Service - very wishy washy depending on the staff working that day. One of the girls is extremely friendly while one of the other servers always has a confused look on her face and doesn't bother asking if you'd like the green salad or macaroni salad, which I think are extremely different and can make or break a meal. 

VERDICT: 
     While the service here sucks, the quality of food (taste and portions) will keep me coming back when I'm in the area.
If your homesick or just looking for some Good hawaiian food, this place is your home.

I travelled to Hawaii a few years back and this place brought back a few memories of a few local eateries I use to visit. The staff are friendly and have no problem answering any questions you might have.

I order the boiled sweet potato and the katsu chicken. Both dishes came out in a fairly decent time frame and were presented in a local style cafe. I will say This business isn't about how it's presented, it's about the food and it was all cooked to perfection.

Recommending here will be no problem for sure!! They are great with kids, so a family setting is assured!

My only knock was we did wait a little while for our server to come take our orders, but I think she was pretty slammed, so I can't fault her
Still my favorite place to get Hawaiian food!  Everything about this place keeps me coming back because this is how any authentic Hawaiian joint should be: super friendly service (they treat you like family here), big portions, great poke & desserts.  I remember since my first time here, I've been hooked.  Some of my favorite include: 
- chop steak
- loco moco
- furikake shrimp
- shoyu poke (so fresh!)

I love their guava juice here and for dessert, they have awesome guava cake!  Even the mac salad is better than most places.
The best Hawaiian spot in the sw area! Mixed plate and ribs are the bomb! The staff is super nice and the portions are huge. Definitely gotta check this place out.
Best place for Hawaiiian food outside the Hawaiian Islands. The restaurant has a feel as if you were back in Hawaii, especially the great customer service, as you would see it back in Hawaii.

Quality of food : Superior!!! It hard to describe it but its very delicious. Portion size is huge! One entry can serve two people or come in very hungry.

Will go back when im back in town!! Good job! you earned another loyal customer!!!
This place is great, the Loco Moco is my favorite. I love chicken breasts, and I believe most of their chicken is rib. (That sounds so dirty). We've tried every dessert here... and hot damn they are all delicious. You can tell this is true Hawaiian cuisine when you walk in to the restaurant and it is loaded with Island natives. I always feel like the record scratches and all eyes are on use each time we walk in though. My friends love the short ribs, and daily specials. Make sure if you come here you save room for dessert.
Authenticity? Well, this place seems to be a go-to place for Hawaiian natives
Pricing? Plates average $9-$11 and can easily feed 2.  Makes this place a frequent option for our family.
Service? Pretty darn good
Kids? Kids always love teriyaki and the Kona Mud Pie
Food? It's hella hearty and comforting.  Wife loves the macaroni salad.  Recommendations:  Poki salad, Tonkatsu w/ Gravy, Steak Teriyaki,, Loco Moco, Fried noodles & Teri chicken.
I have yet to try the haupia cake since I'm the only one in my family who loves coconut, but one of these days!
Best authentic Hawaiian food in the US.  I am going with this bold statement because I have not had anything close to the food at Island Flavor.  The pulled pork, the ox-tail soup, and the loco mocos are awesome.  These meals come with a side salad(including macaroni salad) and rice.  

The prices are great and one dinner can feed two people.  The portions are super huge.  If you can still muster up some more, their desserts are a good compliment.  The mud pie is super good!!  Enjoy!
Was in the area around lunch time and I mean literally in the area because this place is really out there. About a couple miles west of the 215 off the Durango exit, you will find a little bit paradise at this location. Well, foodwise anyway. 

As you come in, you will see that they have plenty of tables. Since it was lunchtime it was a bit busy but I was still able to get an open table. I was greeted warmly and was sat down right away. 

Looking over the menu, I decided to go with the mixed plate combo of Kalbi Ribs and Kalua Pork. I went with Brown rice for no extra charge which is a plus. Lastly, it comes with a side of Macaroni Salad.

I got 3 nice pieces of Kalbi Ribs. I thought they were a bit on the salty end but still ok. The Kalua Pork came in a cup mixed with cabbage and basically in its own cooked juices. Good flavor. The Macaroni Salad was really good. I can taste the pepper that has been mixed into it. The Brown Rice was a bit dry like they cooked it early in the morning and it has been on warm the whole time. Overall I think the Ribs could have been a little less salty and the Brown Rice maybe could of had some kind of teriyaki sauce on it so that it wouldnt of been so bland.

Service was pretty good. Got everything I needed in a timely manner. I spent a total of 13 bucks and some change because the if you get the Kalbi Ribs as one of your choices, its a dollar extra. 

Overall, its not a bad to place to eat especially if you are in the area. Next time I am thinking of trying their Poke Salad although people have said that it has doubled in price. I guess I missed out on those days then. Once I try it, we will see if its worth the price.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #107 "Island Flavor in the boonies, literally"
I eat here all the time because the first day i visited i had my money's worth and the services was awesome.the food is great,you can't go wrong.
The only Hawaiian BBQ place I'm used to from Cali is L&L Hawaiian BBQ but that place has no comparison to Island Flavor. HUGE portions! Super fresh food. Prices are definitely decent. 

What I tried:
$12 for a combo plate with two diff types of meats. (meals come with 2 scoops of rice (they have brown rice), & a scoop of macaroni salad. I tried the furikake chicken X kalbi short ribs. Short ribs were good, not chewy & not too fatty. Chicken was a little on the sweet side but super crispy.
$9 chicken katsu loco moco. I had the gravy put on the side so my chicken was super crispy. 
$14 furikake ahi tuna. Fresh & big chunks. Flavoring was really good but just a little too smokey.

Can't wait to go back to try more!
This is the closest thing I can get to getting food like in Hawaii! I feel like I am actually back on the island. Everyone there sounds like they are from Hawaii and the atmosphere is just like it as well! The food is so good and the serving size is so huge. The prices are freaking awesome! My favorite Hawaiian place to go here in Vegas!
The one star is not because of the quality of the food, the food was great. We started out with ahi poke, it came out in decent time, huge chunks of ahi, seasoned well with sesame.. delicious! My boyfriend and I both ended up getting the breakfast with rice and eggs, his with Portuguese sausage and mine with spam. Again, both very good.. but then again, how can you really mess those up? haha. Ok, now to the one star.. Upon walking in, there was a lady at the register right next to the door, she didn't say anything. She didn't even budge to maybe attempt to acknowledge that we walked in. My boyfriend then asked her how SHE was doing, she answered and then nothing! He then asked if we just seat ourselves, she said 'sure'.. no menus, nothing.. So I took it upon myself to grab two menus and we took a seat. (mind you, we were the only two in there besides the employees). Someone eventually came over and took our order.. "are you two ready yet?".. uh, yeah..sure.. sorry for the inconvenience. Just when we thought we were in the home stretch, the lady at the register starts making this god awful clearing of a throat noise every 45-60 seconds. Over and over and over and over...(fast forward to us leaving..) and over again. It wasn't just a little ah hem, it was like she had something seriously stuck in there and I was completely surprised she didn't end up spitting a chunk of something each time. It was so bad that it got to the point where my boyfriend was going to ask her if she needed him to get her water or something for her throat. Overall, food was good, but the service..I will NOT be returning because it was just THAT bad. I'm sorry to inconvenience you with my patronage, I won't be doing that anymore.
After a nice dinner out with my friend, we decided we wanted a little dessert to top off our evening. Thinking about all our options in the area, we finally decided to head to Island Flavor. I had never been before, but my friend kept raving about their cakes, so I was excited. I opted for the guava cake and my friend ordered the Haupia cake. I also ordered a kalbi plate to-go for my fella.

The guava was delicious, but the Haupia was my real favorite. Both were incredibly fluffy and light. Delicate flavors, I can't wait to come back for their desserts alone. Service was quick and refills were plentiful. 

Our takeout order was ready quickly and we were on our way. I couldn't resist taking a bite or two of my fella's kalbi plate as well. The meat was flavorful and cooked well. It had a nice smoky flavor and the mac salad was one of the better versions I've had. Not overly creamy and complemented the meat and rice perfectly.

The food was great and I look forward to coming back to try the rest of their menu.
If Island Flavor isn't your  #1 Authentic Hawaiian Spot, then its definitely top 3 on anyone's list. This is the spot to go. Hawaiian Food is probably one of my fav things to eat. we can sit here and talk about how good the place ism but I like to rate places  in comparison to others in the entire city. my favorite dish is kalua pork. the taste here is different from the others, not sure what it is, but it's like its cooked fresh everytime, one way you can tell is by looking at the cabbage, and its color.

Second kalbi ribs, amazing taste, I've had it at other places, and this is definitely a cut above the rest. great service, and they make you feel welcome. I don't work to far from the place, so its definitely a great place to go. They have so many other things that they don't serve at other hawaiian places or they're version is wayy better than others. it might just be me, but I definitely recommend anyone visiting vegas to try this place first for hawaiian before any other place
This place blew our minds. From the entree and BOMB macaroni salad, to the amazing mud pie dessert and absolutely amazing and friendly staff.... This place is 5 stars all around. We'll definitely be back!!!!
The atmosphere feels like you were back home, excellent tasting food, Hawaiian sized portions, and our server Lei is one of the nicest servers there is!
All I'll say is that I was never really a boasting fan of Hawaiian food because it seemed way too simple to be considered it's own food. Now, I don't come here to eat spam, eggs, and rice because anyone can cook that at home. It's like buying cereal at a restaurant.

Nevertheless,  I will always be a fan of the Hoison glazed ribs! The Korean chicken, fried chicken, and katsu are also good too. But if there is something worth drooling for here, it is certainly the ribs. It is more pricey than everything else on the menu but the portions of this dish will make you feel every penny of that $14 you spend here.
Food is good but need to wait a little on their rush hour.
Ono grindz!!!! Food makes me miss home so much. Take out or eat in is always delicious. Staff is always very friendly & they even play live music! Definitely a favorite spot to eat. Everything we have ordered here is delicious.
Came here today at the recommendation of another yelper Anthony P. I've been here before and ordered the normal kalua pig or kalbi and It was pretty good. Anthony recommended I try the Hoison glazed ribs and holy shit he was right. They are fall off the bone perfect and for the price I think they are losing money. Most places charge $20 just for the ribs but for $14 you get some great ribs and 2 sides. Suffice to say I have a new rib place.

Don't think they are being rude if you don't "feel" the service, They treat you like family which feels really good. Aloha spirit is all over this place and it feels pretty good.
Ordered a mixed plate with the teriyaki steak and fudukaki shrimp. We have come here for a few years and over the year the food is either salty, but they always gave plenty of food especially the meat. Tonight it looked alittle skimpy on the meat and the shrimp was tiny. 
Of course they give you the two scoops of rice and a scoop of mac salad. 
When we go we always split a plate as it gets kind of costly and we come for the delicious Chantilly Cake!
Service is alway friendly and awesome when we go there.  They do there best when you go there. ALOHA is always there, service with a smile!
I loooove this place! Their ahi poke is delicious. My favorite dish is their furikake chicken and portions are huge too! This place is a must try and one of my favorites.
Reminder, you better go there hungry! Big portions of island plates. We had furikaki chicken, my fav! Huge. Locomoco, huge(okay gravy)! Fried rice (eh), huge! Mix plate(yum), you know...huge. Mud pie...definite yes! Poki was delish ( wish they made one spicy) Food flavor, was okay on some, but great on others. 

This place packs it in, plus live music Friday! I think they need to expand. Will come back to try different items on menu.
I thought this place was like any other Hawaiian place. Although there was dishes you wouldn't normally find at the other places I still think it was good but not great. 
 What we had were
Furikake poke
Oxtail soup
Corn beef hash w eggs over rice
And for dessert chantilly cake

The cake was the bomb!! I'll definitely come back to try other things and maybe the review could change
Me: Came here for Hawaiian food and got a better version of every dish I've ever ordered before at any other Hawaiian place.  Really, the execution of each dish and it's components were just done more skillfully. If you want outstanding Hawaiian food, come here. (And free refills on POG!). Also, portions are huge. 

Him: I like spam musubi. This place had the best musubi. The chicken (furikake) was amazing. It was as delicious as the chicken I had in China! I would come back here for the chicken [says the lover of spam musubi].
I have to say among the Hawaiian places I've tried all over the valley... This bar far is the most and most authentic! Portion sizes are huge and more than enough to eat there be full and take plenty home. I've had the Korean garlic chicken, the hamburger loco moco, Katsu chicken loco moco, kalbi spare ribs and the spamasubi. I have never been disappointed food wise. 

The place on the outside looks nothing short of standard and not anything special or impressive at all. It's rather spacious inside and average amount of seating for a family owned establishment. It's always a good sign when you see islanders eating coz you know the food is legit. Always people in here eating and always at least someone from Hawaii inside enjoying the grub there. 

The most recent time I went tho, I have to say the service was on the poor side. Granted, it was really busy that day, but we waited for our check and refill on drink from at least ten minutes. A server or cook from the back came out to help seat people and saw someone she knew eating and got caught up talking to that table for a while. We kept trying to get her attention until finally the customer that was talking to this server told US that WE should just go up to the counter to get someone's attention... Excuse me?! Poor form. That person should told the employee "hey we'll talk later you have customers" and directed her to us.! So naw we sat there and waited. And poor form on that server for having a ten minute conversation with a table when the placed is packed and we can't get anyone to notice that we want the check and to go boxes to dip outta there. 

Normally neglect of service is something I hold highly to food and dining establishments and take off a whole star for that. But dam this place is so bomb with the food... I'll let that one time slide. The customer service can make or break a dining experience for a person. And if the service is exceptional or good like it's supposed to be... It can sometimes make the meal all the more enjoyable. Tighten up on that customer service... Then it's top notch best Hawaiian food in town.
Came in lookin for a seat, hostess did not greet us once we got in, after 5 minutes he came by and asked if we were waiting for a pickup, and we said we wanted to sit in the back, he directed us there and came with water and menus.

I ordered the Portuguese bean soup, my friend ordered the mix plate, it was good but the soup was kind of salty, the portion is huge!!!!:)
We waited awhile for our server and our food. I ordered the steak and onions and the quality of the meat was unbearable. They were good with my kid but it's not my type of spot to eat at. My friend had read all the great reviews but honestly... I don't get it. Maybe Hawaiian food is not my thing. I gave three stars because they were nice.
There is a damn good reason why I have been going to this Hawaiian joint RELIGIOUSLY for the last 4-5 years or so that they have been open. It's not just the friendly/attentive staff, nor the delicious, never bland flavor of all their dishes, or the generosity in which they choose to portion their food, or the overall amazing atmosphere in this blessed eatery. It's the culmination and perfect balance of all those things.

Their spam musubi is to die for. Add a bit of Sriracha and you've got yourself a whole meal. All their entree items are a dream come true for a foodie like me. Beef teriyaki isn't the skin thick kind you get from L&L (smh), but rather steak like cuts of the cow. Katsu is perfectly fried and dont even let me get started on the Loco Moco. 

If you haven't, check this place out, if you have, then what the hell are you reading this for? Better be on your way to island flava!
Blown away how good this place was.

It's so good you wonder if it's cuz you're hungry that "everything tastes good."  But everything is crazy legit.

Our party ordered:

Hoisin glazed ribs (really surprised how perfect the ribs were cooked and the glaze was perfectly sweet

Furikake fried chicken (whole party thought this was one of the best dishes)

Katsu Loco Moco (really interested to try it.  pretty good but not as good as the rest)

Roast Pork Loco Moco (so tender, tastes like this delicious turkey and gravy we use to have in high school)

this place is one of the best restaurants I've been to in Las Vegas for how good the dishes were and the fact that we didn't eat one bad dish.
Island Flavor has pretty good food, but sometimes they're a bit salty. After a pound of poke furikake style, I was dying for water. The staff is laid back and inconsistent with how they charge too. Sometimes I order all veggies instead of rice and mac salad, and depending on how the person billing is, I either get charged extra or not. One time when I ordered veggies, they placed the dripping wet veggies in the same to-go box as my chicken katsu - which wound up being a soggy disaster. I knew next time to tell them to box them separately, but you'd think the person originally boxing it would've had enough logic to see it wasn't a wise idea to put 'em together. Overall if I crave Hawaiian, I'd still come here because the food is decent and it's conveniently located to me. But like most places, they need a bit of work.
Whoa!  What a find!  We were just searching for some decent hawaiian food outside of the cal and we decided to check this place out.  We got a bunch of things so we could all try and we were all blown away with every dish!  

Hoisin Baby Back Ribs: Skeptical at first but dude, these rival the best baby backs that I've ever had.  Perfect crispiness on the outside.  Moist, fall-off-the-bone meat on the inside.  Perfect sweet glaze.  I think this was my favorite thing we tried.

Furikake Chicken: Wonderfully flavored.  Moist chunks of chicken.  Just good.

Kona Coffee: Yep... I'm putting the coffee on here cause it was good.  Another one I was skeptical of cause it came out of a typical diner style 'dennys' pot, but it was actually flavorful.  

Chicken Katsu Loco Moco: Probably had overly high expectations on this one, so wasn't as much of a fan as other people, but its still very good.  Gravy is flavorful and the egg just makes everything better.  

Guava Cake: We were all pretty stuffed after our meal so we were gonna pass on dessert.  We decided to share the guava cake though and OMG... so good!  Very light.  Not too sweet.  Perfect ending to a perfect meal.  More coffee please!

The only thing I would complain about is the service.  Dude that waited for us was slow and didn't seem to care.  Yeah, you could call him laid back, but it was almost like he knew he was getting an 18% tip cause we had a party of 6 and didn't even try.  I'm not gonna bash too much, but that could have been improved. 

Overall this was a great find and our whole party loved the food here.
This place is on point with their food! They definitely know how to make that authentic island food that only Hawaii can give. I went in with a few friends and was surprised to see how much food you could get for under $10. I had the Chicken Katsu Loco Moco and it was hands down the best I've had anywhere in town.  They give you a large bowl filled with rice, a huge piece of Katsu, and 2 eggs cooked how you want, all of this is covered and filled with gravy. I highly recommend this dish.  No doubt about it, I will be back here again, and again.
Amazing! Nuff said...L & L Hawaiian BBQ on steroids. Great food, huge portions, friendly staff. Place was packed.
My first time trying Hawaiian food and I was not disappointed. Ordered the Kalbi plate and it was delish! And the serving was huge! Also had lau lau, flavor was good but it was a tad salty, but from what I'm told it's  made like that. They have guava juice and other tropical drinks that were really yummy. Their servings and prices were good too. Definite food spot added to my list!
Good flavor to the meals.  

Keep in mind that on busy nights like Friday, Saturday....service can be a bit slow.
The plates are huge. I usually share or take home the rest for another meal. The hoisin rubs fall off the bone you don't need a knife. Wish they had the cookies because they make the best cookies but they say it's too busy lately :(
Such a good hawaiian restaurent. Ive tried many and this far is thebest in vegas. The fried rice omelette was very good.. also the loco moco
So I've been coming here off and on since they opened and I love it every time, just found out they are open on Monday(they used to be closed) so that makes MY weekend even better.  The portions are always big and delicious and they make you feel like you are back in the islands as soon as you walk thru the door, with their local accents, genuine smiles and the local music isn't bad as well.  Definitely coming back more now that it's open Mondays.
Best Hawaiian food on the mainland!!  We ordered the mahi mahi special, chicken katsu loco moco, and oxtail soup.  Portions were huge and everything tasted great.  Save room for dessert!  We couldn't resist trying the chantilly cake.  Very moist and light chocolate cake with condensed milk frosting.  You must try it!  Very friendly staff!
Strangely, I've only eaten Hawaiian food one other time in my life. Weird, considering how much I love Hawaiian pizza ;) My boyfriend wanted to try this place out since it's close to our house and he used to live in Hawaii and was craving it. The place is super clean and the service is fast and friendly. 

We ordered the Ahi tuna, furukake style. Not sure what the difference is in styles, but it came out with huge chunks of tuna, like 3/4 an inch cubed mixed with sliced white onions. It was very flavorful and fresh, but it was a tad bit salty IMO, but the bf loved it and said it was perfect. He ordered the kalua pig with cabbage, and I had a mixed plate with kalua pig and cabbage and katsu chicken. We also got a side of the kimchee cucumbers. The portions are huge, but the food is on point. I felt like the kalua pig could have used a little more salt, but everything was really good. We barely made dents in our plates and took a lot of left overs home, which were just as delicious heated up later on. I also got a spam musubi to go, and that was soooo yummy. 

I'm really excited to go back and try more things!
pretty good....

Fave thing i always get is the Furikake Chicken. 

Pretty good service and good local vibe of the Restaraunt. Poke pretty expensive but its understandable.
Awesome food. Furikake chicken was amazing. If you're in a hurry I don't suggest coming here. Portions are huge!
Decided to stop here for breakfast on the way to Redrock.  I had the Loco Moco with a side of fries and wife had the Portuguese sausage and eggs with a side of mac salad.  The portions here are incredible.  The fries came in a bowl that would equate to 8 large orders of McDonalds' fries.  It is the first time I have not been able to finish an order of Loco Moco - it was a huge patty with generous gravy and a "pot" of rice.

With that being said, service was so-so and food quality was average compared to other Hawaiian food out there.  So three stars it is...
Very good food! The Kalbi short rib will make you come back over and over again. Food is amazing. But what really might send people away is the service. The waiters have a "what you want?" attitude. If you are easily butt hurt then don't dine in. Just order to go and call it a day!
After you eat here you will not eat any of Hawaiian theme style restaurant in town blows everything out of the water definitely is the king of Island food local Mocho is amazing come to think of it anything I've had  there is out of this world seven stars for me
Fantastic food! We got the teriyaki beef and chicken katsu plate - the katsu was ok but nothing special. The beef was super tender and juicy! The mac salad and rice were good too. The best thing we ordered was without question the furikake chicken! so flavorful and great texture. We couldn't get enough of it. Would def come back for the furikake and also to try out their yummy looking desserts!
Food was very good and the portion size is huge so try sharing the dishes. I had teriyaki chicken plate
Good back home type of food and the best service with a smile! Had the roast pork with the gravy was Ono!!  A side green salad with miso dressing and brown rice hit the spot! Was too full to have desert next time for sure! Cannot wait till next time!
The food here is better than some of the Hawaiian restaurants in Oahu.

We ordered the Aloha Friday Special with Kalua Pork and Lau Lau. Both dishes were delicious. The pork in the Lau Lau was very tender and cooked just right. 

They give you good portions of food which is more than enough to satisfy your appetite. We couldn't finish all of it so we took some home. Our waitress best described the portion of food as "Go Big or Go Home". I think she was right about that.

The staff that work at the restaurant are very friendly and have a great sense of humor. They are very attentive to your needs. 

We would definitely return here again the next time we are in Vegas.
I was skeptical about authentic Hawaiian food in Vegas, but Island Flavor proved to be a spot that locals could satisfy their craving at.

Portions: HUGE. One plate could feed three of us had we known they were going to be so big. Kahlua pork is mild, but super tender. I could've used a bit more salt on the meat, but it was still good. Sweet and sour pork ribs were tasty but almost a little too salty. Furikake chicken was bomb. I added Sriracha and it became super bomb.

My only complaints are regarding the rice.
Brown rice - too much water so I basically had two scoops of brown rice mush.
Fried rice - now this is where I think Island Flavor failed because their version of fried rice is basically white rice with some lapcherng and veggies doused with soy sauce. I've eaten and seen fried rice made enough to know we weren't eating fried rice. The portion was a potful. No joke.

COCO PUFFS = yum. I have no idea what the buttery yellow stuff is on top of the chocolate cream puff but it's ONO.
Mud pie = good. I liked the chocolate cacao or coffee nibs in the kona coffee ice cream. Really nice touch. Could do without the flavored syrups on the plate though.

Staff were friendly even though very busy.

Spam musubi was right on. Reminded me of all the musubis we've eaten in Hawaii.
GREAT FOOD. LOUSY CUSTOMER SERVICE. Their foods are SO delicious & are worth the price based on the portions they serve.  Although my boyfriend loves eating here,  I'd rather take out because of the terrible service. I would say the only nice employee there is the only male server. Overall,  it would be a great restaurant if the employees were trained to provide great customer service.
I absolutely love Island Flavor! My family lives in Hawaii and I've been to many local restaurants on Oahu. Island flavor definitely is up to par with those local restaurants. I would recommend a favorite dish but it's difficult because they are all exquisite! Definitely recommended!
When this place first opened, I used to drive all the way from Green Valley just to come here - I was addicted to the amazing haupia cake (freshly baked at the bakery next door). The food was also good, enormous portions and the waitress Heidi was so crazy and fun. Over the years, quality and size went down significantly, so I stopped going a while ago. It's ironic because I now live on the SW side of town, and drive to Island Sushi, which is down the street from where I used to live. Anyway... 

I've kind of rediscovered Island Flavor because a couple friends still really like it. I resisted for a while but finally gave it a try, and the quality and large portions seem to be back. I think all the original people are gone, so maybe it was sold, but they got rid of that huge counter that took up the whole middle of the restaurant and added more tables and chairs. New layout is better, and I'm loving their furikake chicken even more than my old fav the off-menu katsu dip (chicken katsu dipped in korean chicken sauce). Even their mac salad seems better, although Island Sushi's potato mac salad is still my all time fav for plate lunch. 

The owner of Island Sushi was working in the kitchen last week for some reason (no he didn't buy it) so maybe that's what the change is. Whatever the reason - I love this place again! Although I tried their new to me dessert - haupia ice cream pie. It wasn't very good - tasted like cheap coconut ice cream, smelled like suntan lotion. I'm sticking with the haupia cake. 

They're also open a little later and  7 days a week now. Not sure if they still close for about a month around xmas/new years though.
Definitely feel like a glutinous slob after this meal!!! HUGE portions, friendly staff and delicious food. What more can you ask for?

Feeding my Hawaiian food addiction, we finally ventured to Egypt to eat here. I've eaten here before, but it's been years and wanted to see if it was as good as I remembered. After looking at pics prior to our visit, we opted for sesame poke, furikake chicken and kalbi short ribs. When our food finally arrived, we both knew there was no way we were going to eat all of it.

The poke came out first. They offer different flavors; furikake, shoyu or sesame. We opted for the sesame and it was delish.  Lots of onions for crunch, fresh fish and a good amount of seasoning. 5 stars.

I ordered the furikake chicken which comes with macaroni salad and I opted for brown rice. For everyone who doesn't know what furikake is, it's a seasoning containing bits of seaweed, sesame seeds and salt. The chicken was fried to a good crisp and the furikake added that extra flavor. The mac salad was good and creamy, a bit heavy on the mayo but it was still good. The only  thing I didn't like was the brown rice. It was just too mushy. It was like normal white rice but brown. I like the pieces of my brown rice not to be stuck together. Had to drop this to 3 stars cuz the rice was a huge disappointment. 

The bf ordered the Kalbi ribs. These ribs were like Kalbi ribs on steroids. (Only saying that for description.) They were huge, thick pieces of meat, not the thinner pieces you are normally used to eating. Good char on the meat and good ratio of fat. 5 stars for this. 

All in all, solid Hawaiian food joint. I will definitely be back if I am in the area.
This is a new poke shop in North Las Vegas. There's a good assortment of poke (ahi, tako, shrimp, salmon, snail), pipikaula and other dried food. They also have shirts, drinks, and frozen goods. I loved the salmon & tako poke. And their service is very friendly.
Great Place. Family owned and ran. gotta try the spicy ahi.
Poke Express is a family owned and operated poke shop which offers super fresh island-style seafood and other products.  My family and I were so excited to hear about their opening and even more thrilled after we met the owners and experienced their aloha.  My daughter asks for poke instead of McDonald's.  Imagine that!

So far, our favorites are:
Hawaiian-style ahi poke
Ahi Limu poke
Spicy Tuna 
Spicy Edimame
Imitation Crab salad

We also bought and enjoyed Zippy's Coconut Napples, Hawaiian Sun drinks, and some pork manapua's. All were ONO!

The only problem with Poke Express?  They're closed on Wednesdays!  Now we can't get poke seven days a week! 

Highly recommended- guaranteed to please!
We are a true fan of the poke in Hawaii. We were so excited to get here LV and find the place. They have it all. Been there a number of times. Always fresh and friendly service. If you know what poke is , then it is definately worth the drive to the North LV for the great kine.
Poke express offer a huge selection of island style Poke for a great price. The store is very clean and well run, while the food is fantastic
I love this place! We got enough food to feed 4 people for $35.  Try finding enough sushi grade fish to feed 4 people for THAT anywhere else in town!

We will be back very soon!
THE SASHIMI DEAL OF THE CENTURY!!!
I hang out with a couple of Enlightened dudes (and yes, they are the real deal) and the other day as we were chewing on the Dharma one of them said, "I'm going to show you a place that is going to blow your mind, and I mean, really blow your mind." When an Enlightened being tells you that, you better hold onto your ego (if you wanna keep it, that is) 'cause mind-blowing is their forte. But how many times have I heard "I've got the BEST sushi place in the city!" only to have it be a decent but standard restaurant?

Once we got to Poke Express, however, my mind WAS blown. Poke Express is not your typical sushi restaurant. Hell, it's not even a restaurant, it's more like a sushi deli. Scratch that, like a SASHIMI DELI! This place is run by a bunch of laid back Hawiians and they sling some of the best damn raw fish that I've ever put in my mouth. Poke is basically sashmi cut up into bitesized pieces and then dressed in various sauces. The Salmon was awesome (although I love it best when I squeeze a bunch of fresh lemon on it). The Ahi is incredible and can be prepared several different ways. I highly recommend Wasabi style and Hawiian style, but I can't imagine that any of the styles would be anything but lip-smacking GREAT.

You buy it in 1/2 lb and 1 lb containers. A half pound is great for lunch, but if you're a glutton, you can get 1/2 lb of one and 1/2 lb of the other and really pig out. "But wait," you say, "A POUND of sashimi? That's gonna break the bank!" Au contraire, mon fraire! This uncooked sea dwelling yumminess goes for only $9.00 PER POUND. Yeah, I said PER POUND! Holy Hamachi, Batmansan, one could get THREE POUNDS OF SASHIMI for the price of an All You Can Eat sushi deal, and it's SASHIMI, not the rice laden sushi that we AYCE suchi buffs have to tolerate to get our little fishy friends down our gullet.

Friggin MAKE THE DRIVE to Craig and Revere and check this place out. Buy some for today and buy another container for lunch tomorrow. I'm going to be finding excuses to make it over to this part of town every chance I get. 

If Can, Can. If No Can, No Can!
Yes, Poke Express is all that and a bag of chips!  Bringing the Husband here earned me some definite brownie points - we liked it so much that we returned twice within a week, despite us living all the way across town!

They have a generous selection of tuna poke, salmon poke, dried fish, and a bunch of other edible goodies that one would expect from a place like this.  

Upon entering, we were warmly greeted and took our time perusing they offerings.  When they learned it was our first time, they insisted we try their fish selection.  They wanted us to be sure we liked what we ordered and we happily obliged. 

Our first visit, we finally walked out with: 

* Ahi Poke Chile Water Style ($10.49/lb) - Tuna poke that is fresh, tasty, and with a bit of spice.  

* Spicy Salmon Poke ($9.99/lb) - I love spicy sauce that is mayonnaise-based with masago mixed in and they do this right! Yum!

* Ahi Poke Limu ($10.49/lb) - I slight mix-up in my order since I wanted the Spicy Tuna Poke, but decided to keep it nonetheless since we had already left.  Still tasty and fresh! 

* Raw Kim Chee Tako ($16.99/lb) - An acquired taste for those not too sure about raw octopus.  The Husband and I like this slimy concoction and they offer it two ways here.

Our return visit, we also added an order of:

* Top Shell Poke Kim Chee Style ($17.99) - These sea snails aren't for everyone with a slight rubbery texture.  

They will mix up the raw fish with whatever sauce they have, so it's pretty much mixed to order!

Poke Express is a deli of sorts, unfortunately there's no tables inside or out for eating right then and there.  But I'm sure you'll find a bunch of customers chowing down in their cars right in the parking lot, like us! 

Be sure to call ahead to find out when they close.  We came the week before Christmas, so the hours varied. They are also CLOSED on Wednesdays!  Also, they ran out of salmon poke during our order so ask to be sure about they have left if it's near the end of the day. They are located in the shopping center where Big Lots is!

Thank you yelpers for bringing me here! We'd probably be here everyday if it was closer...thank goodness it's not then!
This is not a gem, it is a diamond find for me.

Very simple and clean store with a few Hawaiian frozen,snacks and cold drinks on the right side of the store and a glass counter filled with items. Apparently once it hits past a certain time, they freshly make your poke as they don't want any poke to carry onto the next day (we were there about 3:30-4ish). We mention that we havent been there yet and she was like " oh if you come back next time earlier you can sample all the pokes and proceeded to let us try a few ready made items- a marlin limu poke, just a plain tuna cube with shoyu to taste the shoyu sauce, and dried seasoned aku. . I really like the fact that she wanted everyone to try things out as theres so many goodies that sometimes it's hard to decide when you're new what to get.

The owners were very much what I love about Hawaii- friendly, talkative and genuine. Talked us up while we were waiting for our poke to be made. Mentioned that I found them online through a yelper's list and that they were getting shining 5 star reviews and he seemed real surprised and happy to hear it.  Very cool, humble island folks.

We decided on Ahi limu style and wasabe style and a ocean/seaweed salad. Quality is amazingly fresh and nicely seasoned so $9.99 for 1 lb of poke is a deal!  We had somewhere to be so we ate ours in the car....and yeah I'm such an Asian, I brought me a bowl of rice from home!! HAHAHA!

 It was fantastic flavors- the Limu had a light garlicky taste and I love the limu/red seaweed in it. The wasabe style was very lightly wasabi flavored, not too overwhelming on the palate but just a kick balanced with the shoyu sauce, fish and seasoning. 1 lb poke, half lb seaweed and some rice, we were full. Our total was $13. 

Other than 9 or so styles of ahi poke, they had salmon salad and poke and marlin limu poke (I think the salmon and marlin were "seasonal"),  tako/octopus and top shell/snail poke, cucumber kimchee, seaweed/ocean salad, dried aku/seasoned dried aku, dried marlin, pipikaula meat, few kinds tako salad, smoked tako, crab salad, tempura salad (looks like various fish and shrimp cakes). 

Again, it's a simple and wonderful diamond find. Definitely will be coming on a happy regular and wish this business lots of success. Will be sharing this find with poke fans.

 She mentioned her family is opening a Hawaiian restaurant next door soon...if it's on par with their poke then this will be the happening Hawaiian area!

UPDATE 7/11-

ONO like always! 

I've been wanting to go back since my first time, but it hasn't worked out to come back. Ouu limu and wasabe poke..still as good, consistently fresh fish. I heart this place. Wasn't feeling adventurous today, but I WILL try the tako and snail next time.
It's a deli that sells.. what?!....POKE!!

I got 1/2 lb ahi poke hawaiian style and 1/2 lb tako poke kimchee style

I think it was under $11. The ahi poke was great. The tako poke was a little salty so I had to eat it with rice.

The place was clean. Everyone behind the counter was super friendly. They let you sample everything which is awesome cause there were so many things to choose from.
I really like this place.  If you love Sushi, especially Sashimi, you will love this place.  Great quality food and great customer service.  You need to check this place out.  If you're not sure what you'll like, they do provide samples.  So far, everything has been YUMMY!!!
I go home to Hawaii every year and the first thing I do when I get off the plane is buy poke (and beer). Now I just make the drive from Henderson to NLV to get my fix! Well worth the drive. The fish is top quality. My favorite is the spicy ahi. They were out when I got there but promptly made a fresh batch up for me!

The owners tell me that they will be opening a new location in Henderson sometime soon. Sweet!!! Save gas money.
Great selection. For the selection of Poke- all around $10/lb. I tried the Ahi Hawaiian and the Ahi Wasabi- delicious. It's a clean, friendly, family owned deli/market style set-up.  I work less than a mile away once/week which is great, but the only problem is they close by 6PM. :(

They also own a new restaurant in that same plaza "808 Hawaiian". I definitely will be trying that next.
Not much more I can say than OMG!!!!!!!!!!  SO Amazing!  I tried a bite of just about everything while I was there and STILL couldn't choose!!!  Came back to work with 1.5lbs of Poke.  (1/2 lb each of 3 different kinds) and am already planning my next trip.  If you like sashimi you simply can't beat this place!  They also have a small wall of Hawaiian groceries...
After already gorging myself with a pound of poke from another location, I decided to head to this place at 3pm. The nice lady at the counter gave me samples of a lot of their items. The Tuna, Salmon, Tako are all very fresh! The octopus has that proper crunchy taste to it (not mushy and rubbery like other places aaagh!!) and you can literally hear every crunch when you munch! 

So I ended up going with 1 pound of hawaiian style and 1 pound wasabi style. Sure its a good 30 min drive from me but well worth it, especially when they keep giving me samples after samples!

My order came out to be $20.30 to be exact, and while I am saving these tubs for dinner, I think I am going to have another peek under the lid :)

Nice clean store, friendly service, they got a nice fish tank too.

5 stars
After having ahi poke bowls in Hawaii last year, my husband and I have not been able to satisfy our poke bowl addiction...until a few days ago.  We decided to go on a "poke adventure."  We jumped in the car and yelped on the road for poke.  What we found was a 5-star rated place, not far from our house.  

When we walked inside, I was a little intimidated by the smallness of the place.  But as we walked to the deli-style counter, we were quickly greeted by the friendly Hawaiian behind the counter and encouraged to try everything.  We tried the ahi poke limu (chili water) and chuka ii dako tako poke (looks like red baby octopus).  We bought both.  The only thing we would have liked was rice, like in Hawaii.  To solve that, we went to the 808 Hawaiian restaurant a few doors down.  

I love that we found this place and will definitely go back soon for some poke and Aloha!
I was craving some poke so I stopped by to finally try the Wasabe Ahi Poke. It was just ok. I picked up half a pound and also a quarter pound of the Raw Wasabe Poke which was very good. 

I love how the employees were speaking pidgin with some Hawaiian customers. Even though the Wasabe Ahi Poke didn't satisfy my poke craving, I still gave them 5 stars because everyone who works here is always super friendly.
Holy baby.. this is THE go to place for your poke fix.  I have also grew up in Hawai'i and this is the closest poke you are gonna find to Hawai'i poke in LV.  I took home a pound each of the shoyu poke, wasabi poke, and the spicy ahi poke and I had to restrain myself from not eating all three pounds on the way back home!  I wish this location was a lot closer to my house so I wouldn't have to drive so far to get my fix but, all in all, the drive is well worth it.  The prices were much better than other poke places, the fish is always fresh, and being able to speak "pidgin" to the staff was a very nice experience indeed.  If it wasn't so far from me I guarantee I would be here a lot more often than once every few months.  5 stars for price, taste, and experience.
During numerous visits to downtown Las Vegas, I was introduced to Hawaiian cuisine.  Nothing too far out of the ordinary - loco moco, spam musubi, oxtail soup, stuff like that.  Good comfort food.

I'd never tried poke before:  after doing some searching on Yelp, I decided to shoot up to NLV and try Poke Express.

Poke Express is like a deli for raw fish.  The number of choices was somewhat overwhelming, and I didn't know what the hell I was doing.  Thankfully, the folks behind the counter were EXTREMELY HELPFUL.  In fact, they were all over me like flies on shit, let me tell you.  Usually I get a bit defensive in the presence of aggressive service, but these people were so sweet that it didn't make me even slightly uncomfortable.

The poke was extemely fresh and I enjoyed it a lot.  However, I made a couple of rookie mistakes.  If you've never had poke and want to try this place, don't make these mistakes.

(1)  Don't automatically pick the first two things you like.  The staff will make you try at least six-eight items.  They will, I'm telling you.  They're very persistant.  I'd already purchased 1 lb of poke when I tried the kim chee octopus.  It was FABULOUS.  Wish I could have bought some, but how much poke can one person eat???

(2)  Get some rice next door or pick some up on the way home.  You really need some rice.  I ate all the poke and 2 beers in my hotel room, but some rice to cut the poke with really would've helped towards the end...

I'll be back on my next visit to LV, and I'm having the octopus...
I am amazed at the selection of fresh fish at Poke Express. I read the Ninth Island email last week and was intrigued that a place like this even existed. I have only had "poke" on an appetizer from the Yard house. After viewing the pics and reading the reviews I decided to trek on over since it was only about a 15 minute drive from my house. In my eyes, poke is sashimi with sauces, and this place does it right! First of all, the service is so friendly, they encourage you to sample everything they have. The guy behind the counter was so nice it was like talking to a long lost friend, so laid back. Secondly, the value of the poke is unbelievable!!! If you compare it to the price of sashimi, this place is a steal!!! I also saw little plastic sashimi containers (similar to what I buy at Whole foods) for about half the price that Whole Foods charges. Now for the 3rd reason I stand in awe of this place: the taste!!! 

Spicy Ahi Poke: Yummy small bits of the freshest Ahi ever, mixed in a spicy mayo/masago sauce. Eating this reminded me of when I was a kid and would eat Cool Whip by the spoonful. It just gets better with every self-indulgent sinful bite. 

Ahi Poke Kim Chee style: Spicy Kim chee tasting ahi, with crunchy bits of cool cucumber that made a perfect balance. 

Tako Poke Kim Chee style: My favorite of them all...The octopus was the absolute perfect texture. It was cut in precise thin strips and the flavors all worked together harmoniously. 

Tako Poke Limu: This was also a tasty find, the flavors were much more muted than the kim chee style, but the crunchiness of the onion slivers and sea weed combined with the sauce to make this a delightful treat. My 6 year old stole this one from me and nearly polished off the half pound container by herself. 

I LOVE this place...so much that I think I'm going to go there this afternoon again!!!
After all the great reviews on Yelp and my undying craving for poke, I decided to give this a whirl.

I drove over here on Saturday afternoon to pick up some lunch.  They had a lot of choices but I went for:

- 1/2 lbs of the Furikake Poke
- 1/2 lbs of the Hawaiian Style Poke

I also saw that they had some Lau lau in the freezer so I picked some of that up for another time.  2 Lau Lau for under $9 seems like a really good deal.

The poke was fresh and very good.  Completely satisfied with the taste.  Even though the location is pretty far out of the way from me on Craig Rd, I think I'll be making the trek at least twice a month.  

The women behind the counter were very nice and let me sample anything I wanted.  There wasn't very much Furikake Poke left but she offered to make some fresh for me and it came out very quick.

The store was really nice as well and wasn't too busy when I came by around 3pm.

There wasn't anywhere to sit and eat here, like I thought there would be.  This is more of a store where you buy and eat somewhere else.  They do send you off with chopsticks to go.

My one wish for this place - that they would open a location somewhere closer to me in Summelrin. I bet they'd get good business on the west side of town.

I recommend this place for anyone wanting some genuine Hawaiian food.
I have been wanting to go for a long time, but it's hard for me to make it before they close at 6pm. I got there w/ 10 minutes to spare, so basically all the tuna was gone and I couldn't taste all the different things. They still had dried fish looking things and other stuff that doesn't need to be so fresh. The prices for the tuna is about $10.99 a pound, so it's pricey, but not if you compare it to sitting in a restaurant. I ordered some stuff w/o trying, but they were pretty darn good. We had the spicy tuna poke and the furikaki tuna poke. I loved that they go in the back and make a fresh batch for you. While I was waiting, I tried the Kimchi Taco poke (Octopus) and it was really good, so of course I had to get some of that cuz my dad loves Octopus and I knew he'd love such a snack w/ some cold beer.
I also love salmon, but they said it's a huge seller and you have to order that in advance, cuz they always run out. I'm totally going to order the salmon w/ the spicy sauce next time. I have to try and come on a morning when I'm off so I can sample all the different things and get a better idea of what I'd like. I did not like the kimchi mussel poke, but that's just me.

on a side note:
parking is plentiful, location is hard to find on Craig, but look for the Party supply store. i haven't tried the Eastern and Serene location at Island Sushi, but since it's not too far from my work, I'm totally going to get some for lunch and buy some rice at Island sushi. there was just a husband and wife so when they place is a little busy, it's not going to be fast service. this japanese couple from hawaii is super nice. maybe because i was there so late, they never pushed me to try a bunch of things.
Was spending a weekend in LV and was amazed by the variety of Hawaiian food options.  Based on the Yelp reviews, I decided to try Poke Express and was glad that I made the drive to the store.

Craig Road is a little big of a drive from the Strip, but good food is always worth the extra drive.  I tried a selection of different pokes including the ahi limu, kimchee mussel and the raw tako (octopus) kimchee.  The ahi and mussel are standard poke options, but the raw tako was a unique experience.  A little bit more slippery than squid, and I felt like the guy on "Bizarre Foods".  But if you like sea urchin or salmon eggs, this is a good choice for the unique texture.

The service is top notch.  They're willing to give you free samples and when they found out that I was staying at a hotel, they gave me some additional bags of ice to keep the fish cold until I got back to the room.  I'm definitely up for another trip to Poke Express on my next trip to Sin City.
Based on Yelp reviews. we had to try Poke Express when we visited Las Vegas. If you are a fan of Poke, this place will not disappoint.

The location is set up like a deli counter with a couple of refrigerators and a rack of Hawaiian specialty items for sale. We were only familiar with one type of Poke, so our server was quick to provide samples and recommendations. 

We bought the spicy ahi, the furikake ahi, the kimchee octopus and the limu ahi. The furikake was our favorite, with its mild sweetness from the oyster sauce.
I loved being greeted with a friendly smile immediately upon walking in. The staff was helpful giving me details of their seafood on how its prepared and made from scratch all while sampling about 6 different varieties of ahi. I left with 1/2 lb of shrimp poke kim chee style, shoyu poke and spicy ahi poke for less then $15. I couldn't of been happier! Don't forget to check out their poke bowls. I promise it will NOT disappoint.
If you give this place a rating of anything less then 4 stars then you better seek help cause something is totally wrong with you.
This place is way too far from me for me to come often, which is a shame because otherwise I could probably spend a lot of money here. 

They primarily carry ahi poke, but they also offer tako and salmon varieties, plus several other kinds of salads like seaweed and a creamy seafood one. The people behind the counter are exceptionally friendly and willing to offer you samples if you seem curious about a variety. 

There's also a selection of dried goods and two refrigerators/freezers filled with lumpia, meat skewers and other goodies.

I opted for a half pound of their sea salad, a half pound of ahi limu, a half pound of ahi wasabi and a tray of ahi sashimi that comes with a small pile of sea salad and lots of cabbage and sauce. The ahi was fresh and the dressings were tasty but the location is a bit of a downer since I'm on the opposite side of town. The prices are pretty reasonable considering it's fresh fish and the food is tasty, so if you're nearby definitely try it!
First time coming to this place, wanted to try it since it had such a great Yelp rating.  The service was very friendly and the food was amazing for a great price.  I ended up getting 1/2 lbs. of Furikake Poke which was to die for.  Definitely coming back=)
Best Poke place by far. Staff very friendly they really brought the ALOHA to Vegas besides the fish. Great selection!!
So they offer a good selection of island styled poke here! They also bring in a lot of other product from Hawaii to make any island transplant feel right at home here in Vegas with some of there most favorite comfort foods. From lau lau, Portuguese sausage, and even poi! The prices here are reasonable especially for being out here in Vegas. I totally recommend Poke Express for any islander looking to fulfill there need of island styled poke and other local cravings! The area it is in is not hard to find and there is ALOT of parking. The staff here is definitely friendly and more then willing to answer any questions you may have or even products they might or could bring in from back home.
made the (small) effort to try Poke Express and it lived up to its reputation! the furikake and wasabi were amazing!
Absolutely love this place!  The employees have always been so friendly and helpful.  We loved the Chili Water Ahi but an employee told us about Kimchee Ahi and we were hooked!  So much flavor pops immediately from the bits of poke.  We just wish they served rice and had a little seating area (outdoor or in).  We usually go down just a few shops and get rice from 808 restaurant and eat the poke in the car!!!  YUMMMY!
I LOVE LOVE Poke express! Especially the mussell poke. If you're looking for more than just Ahi poke, then this is the place. Not only do they have about 5 or 6 different kinds of Ahi poke, they have tako, opihi (top shelf), mussels, yummy goodness! The staff is super friendly with great pigeon accents and if you are weary, they let you sample some first before buying. I usually buy two or three kinds for myself and end up chowing down on them as soon as I step out the door. 

The only downside is the store hours. I wish they were longer for those night cravings, but still five stars!
This place is AWESOME! I wish we had one of this places in the Bay Area. Nothing beats fresh raw fish with a nice cold one. This place reminds me a bit of Hawaii. The employees here are EXTREMELY nice, well I'm not sure I should call them employees as I believe that it's a family owned business if I'm not mistaken. One thing I like most about family own restaurants, shops etc. Is that they know how to treat their customers, they value you them very well, that goes for any family owned place, not just this one.

Back to the poke. We came this was my first time here, but I've tried their fish a few times when my brother brought some back from there. Even though this was my first time here, I've nearly tried everything poke here. From their crab salad, to their seaweed and of course their ahi. My favorite is their ahi they have ocean water ahi, spicy ahi and their regular ahi. They were all good. If you want to try a sample of any of e'm before buying the nice gentlemen will be glad to let you taste anything in their fridge. The prices here you can't beat if I'm not mistaken I got a pound of spicy ahi for no more than $11. That pound of fish will last a whole night with me and the fellas drinking. You surely can't beat that.

If you love poke, you better stop by here they have anything you want and more, check it out!

Keep up the good work guys I love Poke Express!
I had the limu chili pepper ahi, shoyu ahi, Kim chee tako poke and smoked marlin.  They all reminded me of Hawaii instantly from when i walked in till I left, the ladies are so friendly and the food is ONO so go check it out.
So, we found out that most of their poke is from the islands.  No wonder it taste so freakin' awesoooome!  It tasted like the real deal.  Worth every bit of a detour in Vegas if you're Hawaiian or if you just love eating poke.  They're in North Las Vegas though so it's impossible to get there without a car or forking out some cheddar for a taxi.  Thankfully, we had a car handy, but I wouldn't mind paying a taxi fare to go there though...yeah, it's that good!

The people at Poke Express are cool too.  They allow you to get some samples if you're unfamiliar with a certain item they sell.  The customer service at Poke Express is incredibly good.  True Hawaiian kind.  We left the young dude that helped us with a pretty good tip...it's Vegas baby, Vegas!  Gotta reward good customer service.

Anyways, check out my pics to see what I got.  I liked everything but my favorites are the Raw Crab Poke Kim Chee Style and the Wasabi Raw Tako.  You can't go wrong when you're there.  Just ask for a sample and let the poke take control of your senses.  Peace out, brothas and sistahs.
The best poke ever tasted outside of Hawaii (except for mom's, of course).  After sampling a few kinds of poke, ordered the salmon w/special sauce, limu ahi, chili limu ahi, wasabi ahi and tako pokes, all super fresh and very ono!  Stop by 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate a few doors down for the gohan and anything else to complete your lunch or dinner....they are ohana so it's all good.  And for dessert, try the green apple slushy with ice cream, you won't regret it!
Bomb poke! Best in North Las Vegas, this place delivers the goods!
4.5 stars

Today was the first time I bought poke at a store.  Until now, I only had poke when I ate out.  All three of the varieties I bought - wasabi ahi poke, garlic style shrimp poke, and kimchee style poke were excellent!  What a great dinner!!

The staff was very, very pleasant and the young woman who got my order gave me a garlic shrimp to try.  It convinced me to split my 1/2 pound shrimp order into two types.

The price is very reasonable.  Now if it wasn't so far from where I live, I'd stop more often.  Ever think of opening a Summerlin Poke Express?
Poke heaven! These folks really understand. I tasted my way through many of their selections, all delicious. They are so patient. Finally got a lot of kimchee style tako poke, plus of course ahi shoyu poke. Made me want to go back to Hawaii, um, how about go back to LV? Now that I found them, I can eat lunch here and then go to 888, a few doors down, later. Both have made me forget about buffets.
Friendly staff, Awesome Poke! each bite took me back home to Hawaii! BEST POKE IN VEGAS! HANDS DOWN!
If you've never been to Poke Express, think of a deli.  Walk on in, see the items on display, choose what you want, how much you want, and you're on your way!  Your longest visit will be your first visit, since you will take your time and try a sample of everything they offer.  The samples are free, so sample away!  Your future visits will be quick because you will already know what you want.

My favorite right now is the spicy combo poke: ahi, cucumber, crab and masago all mixed in a (slightly) spicy sauce.  The other types of poke are tasty, and salmon is offered for some of the mixes.  Outside of tuna and salmon, the other seafood offerings include octopus and mussels.  Non-seafood items include side dishes such as kimchi, seaweed salad and other assorted veggies.  On average, it seems most items are around $10 a pound.  Half pound servings are also available (perfect lunch serving!).

One thing I hear often from people that enjoy Poke Express is that they wish they served rice.  No worries, they have that covered now, though it's only on Monday's and Tuesday's.  For two days out of the week they offer rice bowls in two varieties: rice and poke (for $6 I think); or rice, poke and a side (for about $8; Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ewmTwsZqCHH2gvCeDKz0dw?userid=lsZlV02ZdqEzR-qILdT7Cw).

Poke Express has changed my view on sushi.  Now, when I'm at a sushi restaurant and someone orders tuna nigiri, I think to myself, "Self, you could get a half pound of poke at Poke Express for that price."  Poke Express has a new fan!
The quality and cuts of their fish is declining since they open couple years ago. Do a taste test before buying.
Being new to North Las Vegas, I wanted something different for my taste bud and boy did I find it. This was my first experience with Hawaiian Poke and what a great experience! 

This place was a little tough to see when driving through W. Craig Rd but eventually found it after a couple of tries with the help of my phones Google map navigation. I didn't even get to smell the food on the first try since it was closed. This place have some weird hours. I persevered and made it inside the door the next day.

Once inside, I was overwhelmed by how many different kinds of Poke there was. The people behind the counter was a big help. I tasted pretty much everything they had. 

When it came to picking which ones to take home, I couldn't pick. Everything tasted really good. I just packed up 7 different ones. After trying out all the poke my favorite is the Spicy Ahi Poke and the Wasabi Poke. 

This is my go to spot for Poke at least once or twice a week. Awesome place!

Only cons about this place is their hours as mentioned before and there is no seating area.

If you ever end up in North Las Vegas and is looking to try something different or looking for some good Poke, this place is a must.
I've been numerous times with no questions about product freshness or quality.  I love the kim chee shrimp, spicy ahi and wasabi tako.  I've tried other items that were great as well.  The staff has always been extremely friendly and more than willing to provide samples and make their offerings to order (I like the spicy ahi with Da Bomb habenero sauce).
Let's start this review by saying that I have to go out of my way to get here, but it's so wonderful that I am willing to do so.

I walked into the store and was very quickly greeted. I went to the counter and ordered the Spicy Avocado Poke and she asked me if it was a favorite of mine. I told her that I'd actually never been to the shop, so she quickly asked me if I'd like a sample. I tried it and decided it was definitely what I was going to order! She then told me to try a different type, that it was a little bit sweeter. The sweeter sample was also delicious! She asked me if I'd like to sample anything else, so I tried the salmon poke, and again, I was impressed.

The overall quality of the fish is very impressive and it is definitely something worth making my way to this location. They have a very large assortment of poke salad using all types of fish. Definitely worth a try!!! Only reason I'm rating this 4 stars instead of 5 is the prices are a tad bit on the pricey side, but they do pick from a high quality of fish, so it's a moot point. Give this place a try, you wont be disappointed.
I won't lie, I was hesitant to pop in here because of the location-I mean who gets quality, fresh fish in North Las Vegas? Really? Really?

Poke Express is a refreshing change from the below average chain establishments that litter Craig Rd. from east to west, offering not only the freshest catches but Hawaiian products and customer service that is really unparalleled.

North Las Vegas. I KNOW. Hear me out.

I've stopped in here a couple of times and I believe the owners are a husband/wife team and I've been helped by both individuals while there. Maybe being a lifetime Las Vegan has conditioned me to not expect good customer service....anywhere. I don't know why I'm always surprised to be treated well when I patronize an establishment, but I was really caught off guard by how genuinely nice, helpful and friendly the owners of Poke Express were. Samples. Check. Thorough explanation of daily offers. Check. Recommends of nearby eateries, including what they might consider competitors. Check.

But let's get down to what really matters: the fish. You'll have to dig deep in these parts to find ahi this fresh, but I'd dare say that you'd have to do some serious digging around town period to find ahi of this caliber. Fresh. Fresh. Fresh. They have different kinds of poke which I didn't know was an option (my knowledge of poke is minimal, so thought that poke was just another name for tuna)-shrimp, octopus, other kinds of fish-raw and cooked all available in a variety of flavors. I've ordered the spicy ahi and wasabi ahi and recommend both, but the spicy ahi was my favorite. If you come earlier in the day you can get samples and all available varieties are out on display. The first time I went was later in the afternoon and the glass case was mostly empty, but one of the owners explained to me that when it's that late in the day, they make it to order. 

Prices are market price and they charge by the pound. I found the prices to be pretty reasonable as again you are paying for top notch seafood in the middle of the desert. And their top-notchedness (yup, just made that up), isn't relative to surrounding crappy food establishment-Poke Express sets the bar city-wide for quality. Simply amazing. 

I would have left here pleased even if the customer service was just so-so, but the owners are quality which made the experience really count for me. I hope they liked me as much as I liked them. Because they're going to be seeing a lot more of me. Soon.
So ono! Wonderful fish, wonderful service! I can't believe I didn't find out about this place sooner. I'm bummed they're closed tomorrow!
We arrived at poke express with 10 minutes to spare.  The lady behind the counter was SUPER nice and made me wish i really were in Hawaii.  They had put away the poke but she let me know it's made to order.  I was not disappointed. LOVE LOVE LOVED my furikake poke and hawaiian poke.  Next time i'm in vegas i for sure am going earlier to sample it all and to make a picnic out of it.!!
The poke was so fresh! Reminded me of home! I drove 30 mins from summerlin for this! I am so glad I did. I got the ahi shoyu poke, Kim chi tako poke, Kim chi muscles, and Taegu....I would say that this poke was better than some place in Hawaii! 

To the owners: please open one in southern Vegas!!! I would be there all the time! 

Love love love!
the fish is usually fresh, but some things are drenched in sauce so they can get the weight up without putting to much fish and sometimes hide the unfresh fish and dont even put the real weight most of the time.
Stopped in here after looking on Yelp for something different. I was pleasantly surprised at the wide selection of fresh authentic Poke. I like that I was able to sample before I bought. I finally chose the spicy avocado ahi. It was good, and mildly spicy. Not over spicy. I really enjoyed this as it was all I had for lunch that day. I know this doesn't look like the place to get amazing Poke(NLV), but you will be happy you did stop in.
Another gem of a local business here in North Las Vegas! It's always been a bookmark of mine, but I've never been able to stop by! I've recently gone back (3 times in a month and a half) and went back to see what new combination they've come up with!

I really enjoy the freshness of their poke and it really takes you back to Hawai'i if you've ever been! I love their customer service and small talk whenever I come in to order! The couple who owns the joint is extremely cool to talk to! My favorite is their Spicy Avocado Ahi Poke-- your perfect combination of spice and sweetness from the raw Ahi tuna! I also found their selection of different kinds of poke I never knew existed like the mussels poke! If you aren't a seafood person, I don't recommend the place, but if you know someone who loves seafood with an island twist to it, let 'em know that there's a place in North Las Vegas that serves it fresh and unique!

Their generous helpings of samples and willingness to have you try their newest inventions gives Poke Express the 5-star rating! As you can tell from my previous reviews, I'm not easy to give a 5-star rating, so don't take the rating lightly! Majority of exceptional places get the 4, but "unique and original with excellent customer service" gives it that 5!

So, HI-5 to Poke Express! I'll be back soon enough!
I love poke.  How can I not give Poke Express 5 stars.  

The choices that you can get here at Poke Express are amazing.  Kim Chee poke, Spicy Avocado Poke, Salmon Poke (I need to try that one!!!)  The list goes on and on.  Just imagine a regular super market deli but all poke!  All of the pokes run about $16.99 per lb which is kinda steep but you indulge in this flavorful poke any chance you get.

I have only had the Spicy Avocado Poke but it was amazing.  They let us try out the poke before buying it which is really nice of them, considering each piece is a hefty chunk of the almost extinct tuna... my bad mother earth, tuna tastes too darn good.  My family was able to share a 1/2 lb container with our lunch and have some extra.

The first time I passed by Poke Express I thought they were still building the store because it is surrounded by a bunch of empty store fronts.  Second time I saw the actual store and almost slapped myself in the face for missing it the first time.  There is a second location inside of Island Sushi in the Plaza hotel but it is a more limited selection of flavors.  It may be more convenient to get to though!

The owner is super nice and he is fun to talk to.  My parents had a nice little convo about back home in Hawaii.  I will definitely be coming back to load up on some more poke flavors!  It goes great with the plate lunches down the street at 808 Mixed Plate, another one of my favorites :D
I really don't know much about poke, but I know good food when I taste it.

Besides the extremely helpful and friendly service here, the poke is pretty darn delicious. I have had the chance to try a few of the poke flavors: furikake, spicy mayo with tomago, and the spicy avocado. All have been very good. Each runs around $16.99 per lb, which can get pricey, though a 1/2 lb is already a lot of poke.

Some words of advice given to us by the owner: Come early when they open so that you can try all the flavors behind the counter. Later in the day, they don't have all the flavors available in the counter and instead the poke is made to order.

I was very impressed by the variety of other poke available such as the types of tako available. Got to come back to try em all.
I have to admit, I had my reservations about Poke Express as who would think that you could find good poke in the middle of the Las Vegas desert. In North Las Vegas of all places. But my dad did and because he was such a fan of Poke Express, I stopped in to try some in a way, to honor him. I'm glad I did - not just because my dad knew the owners there - but because they serve some really good freakin' poke. 

Anyway, the owners are uber nice and informative. I also appreciate, though I didn't really do it - how they offered up samples before I bought. Prices are in line with the cost of fish - and considering it has to be shipped in (remember the location) it's worth every penny. 

There's a great variety of different flavors of tako and ahi. There were a few other items I didn't take notice of but I'll bet they'll be good, if it's what you like. I went with my usual limu poke and spicy ahi. I got a half pound of each. I had intended on eating a little bit of each as a lunch snack, but it was so fresh and tasty, that I ended up eating the entire pound for lunch, in pretty much one sitting. 

Anyway, over on Craig Road just east of MLK, on the south side in a strip mall - in North Las Vegas ... there's a place that serves up poke similar to what you'll find in Hawaii. My family lives nearby so it'll just be one more reason to visit ...
I love this place. The owners are nice and friendly. The poke is perfect for not being close to the ocean. Wasabi Ahi is the thing to get if you like that wasabi kick. Kimchi crab is also great too and the shell is soft too. The best part is its close to me so I try to go every week. Yup the poke is that good.
Fresh tuna/salmon chunks + deli style presentation + delicious sides = win. That is all. You must must must go here for your "sashimi fix."
Searching for places around my house in North Las Vegas I stumbled across Poke Express on Yelp. I had ordered poke numerous times in restaurants but had no idea how many different types of Poke there were. 

Visit in the morning, because the afternoon is just made to order, which is a bit difficult on your first visit. When you visit in the morning the beyond friendly owner will let you sample as many different types as you'd like. I'm pretty sure my friend and I got half a pound of just samples before even deciding what type to purchase. 

Prices are based on the price of fish so they have been different every time I've been in, but its always been worth the price. My personal favorites are the wasabi poke and the kimchi poke. Both have a bite to them, yum! 

Great addition to our North Las Vegas community =)
The poke is AWESOME here. I come to visit my family in Vegas at least twice a year and every time I'm there we always stop by poke express and usually get the kim chi tako, ahi poke w/limu, ahi poke w/avocado. 

The prices were expensive when I came out in August 2012 because of a shortage in fish, but it's still cheap compared to other places so AINOKEA. 

Definitely check it out! It's in the corner of a shopping plaza so its pretty easy to find.
Stopped in for lunch today (8/20/12) and saw the following note posted: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ewmTwsZqCHH2gvCeDKz0dw?select=GN9FFYajLyrz9m8Nm7b_-w#GN9FFYajLyrz9m8Nm7b_-w

From what I remember, most poke was about $9.99/lb when I first started coming here; now it seems prices are around $16.99/lb for most poke.  Same quality food, but higher prices.  With those prices, I'd recommend getting one the poke bowl specials (not pokeball specials) on Mondays and Tuesdays: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ewmTwsZqCHH2gvCeDKz0dw#XgryYTqiWJlmS5EE1cBgWQ
Poke is great and the service is always friendly.  Flavors are very precise.  Sometimes a little under seasoned, but still good.  

Nice to see the good quality madako.
Fresh poke that tastes great. Friendly and charming owner. I'd give it a whirl.
Best place to get poke and other stuffs. Owners are really friendly. This place is a go to.
Good poke
Tasted like the ones on the island
Liked ahi shoyu and limu
Salmon poke good too
Wasn't crazy about tako though
Definitely worth the trip
"I love this place so much. They even have lomi oio and poi. My favorite. The owners are so cool. Poke is Ono. just like back home on the islands. Mahalos so much for making this place here. Aloha"
"ALL AAAAAA'BOARD! FULL STEAM AHEAD FOR ONO'KINE, ISLAND STYLE POKE!" 

Who would've thought that this small shop, located in a strip mall in North Las Vegas had some of the best poke around?! 
Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poke-express-north-las-vegas?select=9Mto2GARkgh9NYhFUHphzw#UIGZnmsLLoZ-9M5ca7bSCA

Owned by Darren & Alison, a husband & wife team from Kaneohe.
Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poke-express-north-las-vegas?select=9Mto2GARkgh9NYhFUHphzw#SSXen6-ZzE_gm5UbiYee1g
'And served with plenty Aloha!

The closest thing to poke from the aina that I've found to date on the mainland... 'And of course, I had to drive 4 1/2 hrs from Orange County to find it! (Just think a 1/2 hour more on a plane, I could've been sampling in Hawai'i!) I've tried plenty mainland poke, this was a taste of "home." (People have grumbled about the prices but if you've been to the islands lately, you'd know the prices are comparable to Foodland - $14.99/$16.99 per pound.)

'Was on a weekend trip to Vegas and to change things up, my cousin, SE, & I ventured out from the main hub of the downtown/strip area to check out the surrounding, local cities. (Plus I wanted to cruise by the local COSTCO & fill up the tank... 'Not to mention, pick up a case of water versus a single bottle from the hotel lobby for the same price, $5.) Eh brah, I local, not "loco!!"

On our way back we yelp*d "lunch" & up came Poke Express - A solid 5 Stars w/eighty-plus reviews, those are good odds. It was about 11:30am & the case was jam packed with great looking choices. If you get to the shop early enough, you can sample as many of the different poke dishes. 
"Like sample?!" SHOOT'Z!

'Looks like we arrived before their afternoon rush, because the unadulterated trays of poke were... 'Beautiful. (Eyes tearing up)
Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poke-express-north-las-vegas?select=UIGZnmsLLoZ-9M5ca7bSCA#uFNmAf24mVXopY_NKM4Kbg
By the time 3pm rolls around, most of their trays are empty.

We left w/a 1/2 pound of:
Salmon Poke w/Special Sauce - "Winnahs!..."
Kim Chee Tako Poke - "Winnahs!..."
Spicy Avocado Poke - "Winnahs!..."
Combo Poke - "Winnahs!..."
Ahi Wasabi - "And mo' winnahs!"
(My two favorites were the Salmon & Spicy Avocado.)

After we left here, we stopped by "808 Hawaii Mixed Plate," located in the same plaza. Da poke was ono w/rice!
808 Hawaii Mixed Plate - http://www.yelp.com/biz/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas#query:island%20mixed

If you want to try what local kine poke should taste like, stop by Poke Express.
Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poke-express-north-las-vegas?select=9Mto2GARkgh9NYhFUHphzw#cLy9oIsg3VEEPSz6Cgj5vA
(Sorry cuz, no mo' Kama'aina Rate.) 8/

Great plaza - Poke & plate lunch?!... 'No can lose bruddah!!

- Big Aloha!

Food: 4+
Service: 5+
Ambiance: 5
Value: 5
Awesome!  Easy 5 stars!

Most important thing....the seafood is nice and fresh.  The tuna was super tender and cut well.  The octopus was the same....nice and tender, not chewy or tough.

The seasonings were great!  We had 3 different kinds...the wasabi and two others.

The wasabi one was amazing...but beware, if you don't LOVE wasabi, some bites are super concentrated and tickled my "wasabi experienced" nose.  Still great!  It was made to order, and not sitting in pans all day, so I know it wasn't due to that.

I forgot the other two varieties already, since we got to sample a bunch of them while we are there, I kind of just ordered off the hip lol.

But the octopus had some spice to it as well...very good.  Might have been the kim chi one...And we had one more tuna, in another spicy concoction....a mayo / yum yum sauce looking mix.  It was white overall....and super good.  This was probably my favorite one of the 3.

Service was cool, and it was nice for them to give us plenty of samples and recommendations to try.

It is a little spendy...I think I spent about $30 for 2lbs of meat, but the quality and taste is well worth it.  Save me from an AYCE sushi splurge every once in a while lol.

Really wish they had a sit down area or sold rice to enjoy it on site, but for now, this is an excellent take out spot.

I will be back!
As good as it gets. 

This place transported me back to Hawaii. These guys do one thing and they do it right--make the best poke in Las Vegas. 

The variety is unrivaled, and you don't have to worry about picking the right kind. The owner, Darren, was so kind that he let my wife and me try about a dozen different samples before ordering. In fact, he told us he doesn't care if we order or not, so long as we left satisfied. What a sales pitch! I mean, seriously? Leave without buying any poke after sampling how delicious it all was? Get outta here!

I will continue to make the hour long round-trip drive to this place as often as possible. Worth every minute. 

TIP: On Monday and Tuesday, from 10am to 2pm, you can order your choice of poke over fresh, delicious rice (I believe with furikake) for only $6.99.
Anyone looking for some true poke to eat can find it here, at Poke Express!

You don't understand how long I've been searching to find the best poke in Los Angeles. After being introduced to it in college, the only place I knew about was Tommy's Sushi in Tustin. Fast forward 15 years and places are starting to pop up. Being in Vegas, this was the first place I trekked to.

This place is your traditional poke, where they have many varieties. Tako, Ahi, Salmon, shrimp in various poke styles. This place is similar to Hawaii where you buy it in containers and take it home and eat it with rice. 

My favorites are the Spicy Salmon Poke, the Ahi Chili Water Poke, and the Shrimp Kimchee Poke. I like it tasty and with a kick. If you do too, I recommend those varieties. 

You can go down to the other end of the plaza and buy your rice at 808 since they two restaurants are family joined.

If you have never tried poke before, you are in for a treat. If you love sushi, I guarantee  you will love poke, especially the ones at Poke House. Traditional food, traditional people, reasonable prices. This is now on my top 10 list!
Ono Ono Poke! I like how sometimes they will get fish specials once in a while. I really like the Kajiki (marlin). I got to keep my ahi taste buds excited and this is the place to get them working. The fish is always fresh, and if you don't like driving around las vegas for hawaiian food, they also carry poi, lau lau, and kahlua pork in the refrigerator/freezer. I can't remember if they have portuguese sausage though. This is usually my one stop hawaiian shop.
Having just come back from Maui earlier this year....this place is legit!  The fish is extremely fresh and I'm in LOVE with the furikake ahi poke....yes this is the bomb diggity!! It's so delicious, that I even ate the onions that come with it...generally I avoid the onions but the marinade soaks into the sweet onions and it doesn't even taste like an onion anymore.  I also tried the shoyu ahi poke which was also delicious, but I like the hint of sweetness with the furikake.  I thought to myself I can probably make this....so I headed over to Greenland the next day to check out fish prices....$25.99/lb for ahi there....the price for ahi at poke express $15.99/lb....on second thought, I'll let Poke Express keep my belly full and happy.  Some places also give you big chunks of onions and charge you for that instead of big chunks of fish...but not this place. They also have poke bowl specials Monday/Tuesday until 2pm.  If you haven't been here, you NEED to go!
fresh poke everyday. even when they are about to close, and they are out. the owners will go in the back and whip it up for you fresh. As good as it gets. I have had the imitation crab avocado combo. not a big fan of spicy, but this has just the right amount. kimche mussels poke was great and so was the shoyu and salmon poke. you get what you pay for, and it's worth every penny.
So good. I am so happy that I found this place! I was beginning to wonder if Las Vegas had any place to buy fish. It took me three years to find this place, but I am glad I did!
I first tried the deliciousness of Poke Express back in January when I was in Vegas for work. Since then, I had been having mad cravings for their salmon poke. Flash forward to this past weekend when my partner and I decided to take an impromptu road trip to Las Vegas. We're both from Hawaii, so Las Vegas is really like the 9th island to us. We drove 4 1/2 hours from LA and headed straight to Poke Express (instead of hitting the slot machines)--best decision we ever made.

Coming around lunch time was perfect because they had everything in stock (I imagine they probably run out of their popular items a bit later in the day). We were able to try some of their specials of the day (marlin, yum yum!), but eventually we settled on some of our favorites: shoyu ahi poke, salmon poke, and shoyu furikake ahi poke.  The cuts of fish are fresh and good quality and their sauce is unrivaled. My favorite is the salmon poke--the buttery taste of the salmon complements their sauce well. 

Customer service there is always awesome--the owners are so friendly, it really makes me feel like I'm back home. 

If you're feeling homesick for other Hawaii goods, they do have a few shelves of some of the Hawaii staples: shoyu, S&S saimin, soda crackers, nori, Hawaiian sun juices, and even frozen malasadas! 

Just a note, this is not a proper restaurant, but more like a deli. There are no tables inside, but you can go to the plate lunch place in the same shopping center and cry your homesick for Hawaii tears in your food.  

TIP: If you plan on buying some poke for later (or to take home--which is what we did), you can ask for the sauce on the side for the salmon poke. It prevents the poke from getting too soft by the time you get around to eating it. The owner also suggested calling ahead if you plan on buying a large amount, so they can set it aside for you. You can bet I'll be doing this next time! 

*Check out my pictures for close ups of the shoyu ahi poke, salmon poke, and shoyu furikake ahi poke.
I drove by on a Wednesday and they were closed.  This time I made sure they were opened.  They were located on W Craig Rd/west of I-15 in North Las Vegas.

I was given 2 samples of Ahi Poke.  The first one was the traditional Ahi Poke.  The second one was a Shoyu Ahi Poke.  I ended up buying 8 ounces of the traditional Ahi Poke.  There were big chunks of firm ahi with just enough flavorful marinade.  The ahi wasn't swimming in the sauce.

I will be back!
This place so good and very fresh
I have been to this location many times over the past year. The quality of the Ahi Poke is consistently high quality, and the price is very reasonable. Also there are many varieties of poke to choose from. 

The service is quick and the owners are extremely nice and helpful. Store hours are 10:00am - 6:00pm, closed Wednesday. 

TAKE OUT ONLY.
Love this place! Everytime I'm in Vegas I have to come here n grab some to go. It also walking distance is 808. Both places have awesome food & service! And Monday you can get a poke bowl!!!
Awesome family owned seafood deli! Me and my coworkers devour the tuna and salmon poke on a regular basis! I'm hooked!
I went here since I was craving some fresh tuna and it's close to home. They have a lot of options: spicy, Hawaiian, wasabi, octopus (tako), crab, imitation crab, shrimp, salmon. There also also garlic bulbs, edamame and kimchi. They have Hawaiian goodies such as Hawaiian popcorn, chocolate covered macadamia nuts, lihing powder, crackers, guava jelly, etc.

I got a pound each of their wasabi ahi, spicy salmon and Hawaiian ahi - per the boyfriend's request. They gave me a free tub of wasabi ahi! The ahi and salmon were so fresh (not mushy and gross) and packed with flavor.  A pound of fish is about $14.  The wasabi ahi can clear your sinuses without a problem.  The spicy salmon isn't spicy at all - it has a mildly spicy mayo and masago.  Everything was soooo delicious!

I had to make rice for the boyfriend since they don't serve rice at Poke Express - which isn't a big deal to me since rice is easy to make and I don't even eat rice.  They don't have tables and chairs - it's mainly a to-go place.

The owners (husband and wife) were nice and very friendly. We were talking about baskteball and that sealed the deal for me! Good conversation + excellent food = happy customer who definitely will be coming back for more.
Great service, amazing poke and crab combo, and a nice atmosphere overall. I will definitely keep coming back for more!
This was worth the 8 hour drive. I felt Aloha spirit here @ Poke Express. and I could taste it in their Poke. The gentlemen made sure we had samples before making our decision and it was worth every penny. 

This is a must visit in Las Vegas.
fresh poke awesome people, as good as you can get in las vegas! love the spicy avocado poke!
As far as poke goes, this is as good as it gets. They have so many options I didn't know where to start! I only wanted a light lunch so I grabbed some Kimchee poke and the ocean salad. The poke was so extremely fresh. I instantly regretting only buying 1/4 lbs because I seriously could have eating double that. The kimchee flavor was subtle, there was a nice kick of spice but not too overpowering. 
The ocean salad was nice and fresh. This is pretty much a seaweed salad and it was a nice accompaniment to the poke. Great fresh flavor. I'll definitely be back to try some of the other offerings. 
My only complaint is that I wish there were some tables to sit inside. My mouth was watering so much I could not wait to get home to start eating so I was chowing down in my car. A must try.
*********************************Review # 800**********************************************

Poke(po-keh, NOT po-key) is another one of those local Hawaiian specialties that is near and dear to my heart. Back in high school while other friends were working retail or flipping burgers at fast food joints, I got a job with another friend at a local fishmarket.

Of course, it had its pros and cons-I knew nothing about cooking at the time, and we did just the grunt work of preparing the taro leaves and de-boning and cutting up pork butts to prepare for the ladies in the morning who would prepare Kalua Pig and Lau Lau, and clean bunches of green bananas so the boss could make his kick-ass Pasteles. Yeah, we would itch like hell from the taro leaves and reek  of the fishmarket when we got home, but at that time, it was all about having money to go out and kick it with friends and live it up like the teenagers we were.

During my time here, the boss even had enough trust in me to teach me how to make his different kinds of poke preparations and before you know it, I didn't have to do all that grunt work anymore. I ran the cash register and took care of preparing the different types of poke. The best compliment I got was when a little lady who's a regular came to get her usual fix of Ahi Limu Poke, then she asked for the boss... Crap! I thought I was gonna be in trouble for screwing her order up! The boss wasn't around and he was at his other location in town, so after I told her, she replied "Oh, this tastes exactly like how he makes his poke" That made my day, and I was sweating bullets for nothing!

Poke Express is one place that stirs up all those memories every time we stop in to feed our poke addiction. Owners Alison and Darren have brought the tastes of home to the 9th Island, and have created a huge fan base of local transplants and poke lovers as well!

There is also a variety local goodies and home accents on the back shelves, shirts, stickers, and hats up front and even a freezer section of local specialities you can purchase. Inside is very clean, and Iove that I feel like I'm home, especially hearing all the talking in pidgin from other local customers and even the owners themselves.

Ingredients are fresh as can be here and there are endless combinations of poke that they make on the spot. Undecided what to get? Ask for a sample! Our favorites right now are the Spicy Ahi, Ahi Limu, Ahi Shoyu, and Limu Tako Poke. Haven't seen Raw Crab, but if and when they do have it, I may just get some of that as well. The location is perfect, as it is on our side of town, and also a couple of doors down from another tasty local joint (808 Mixed Plate) The perfect accompaniment to poke? Go next door to the liquor store and get an ICE COLD BEER!  I bet you thought I was gonna say rice!?!?! SUCKA!!!! .......... :p      ALOHA!!!
Alright, I'll admit it, I was one of those skeptics who thought there was no way a place called Poke Express in North Las Vegas could have a legitimate 5-star rating. I was wrong...

Poke Express is a small deli-type store which serves... you guessed it... poke! For those of you who do not know, poke is small cuts of fish (mostly tuna) that are seasoned and served cold. The poke selection is not as big as those you would find in Hawaii' but you got to remember you're in the middle of the desert. 

Ahi Shoryu Poke - Tasted fresh with a slight soy sauce flavor?

Dempura? - Fish cakes, tasted just like that which you would get at a Korean restaurant, so if you like those, then you will definitely like this one.

Spicy Combo Poke - The money of all pokes. The slight spicy kick is what really set this poke over the edge. Beware though as this poke is not "light".

Rice w/ Furikake - At first I wasn't quite sure if I wanted rice, but after furikake was mentioned I had to get myself an order. For only $1.50 you get a pretty good amount of rice and the furikake adds exceptional taste.

The one thing that really made Poke Express was the great service. The owner was a nice Hawaiian man who really spent time to explain all the different types of poke and let us try EVERYTHING we wanted to try. He was very patient and definitely made the experience very pleasant for everyone. On top of that he could definitely hold down a good conversation.

Overall: If you love poke than you will love Poke Express.
if there is a silver lining to the sad fact that too much of the best sashimi grade fish in the pacific gets sucked up by casinos to shove down the throats of gluttonous fat cats from dubai and nyc and hong kong, poke express deserves the honor.

i wouldn't have known to visit this joint except that it got a perfect 5 star rating on yelp. you can imagine how disappointed i was to find a storefront appointed with a exactly a deli case, a few hawaii travel posters and a couple strapping something-teen young dudes working the counter. they leisurely interrupted the conversation they were having in a lazy pidgin with a couple other islanders, one of whom was the size of a volkswagen and who couldn't stop smiling if his life depended on it. 

"you like poke bruh? it's raw fish ya know." 

i told them i did in fact love poke but that i had no idea there were so many kinds (they offer about 8). they let me try the lot of them. the limu and the chili water were the clear winners, so i grabbed a half a pound of each for less than hat i'd expect to pay for a custard dish full at a sit down joint in SoCal. 

the hiyashi wakame was a steal at $5 a pound, so i grabbed a bunch of that too. the raw wasabi tako is one of the most delightful things i have ever had the pleasure to taste. needless to say, the wasabi was real and not this green horseradish paste that virtually every sushi place gobs on your plate. 
 
they had no tables, no plates, no rice, nothing. they did kindly refer me to the teriyaki joint next door who were virtually empty and only to happy to sell me a plate of rice and veggies, thus giving me a place to scarf down my ahi and octopus. that's good neighbors

how good was it? let me just say that before my visit to the poke express, i had no idea i could come in my own mouth. now i know i don't need to take my clothes off to do it.

like the sign on the wall say:
 "IF CAN, CAN. IF NO CAN, NO CAN"

poke express definitely found a way, carry on island dudes. carry on.
Working in Vegas and was looking for something different and was just taking a chance to see if there are poke restaurants in the Sin city and lo and behold Yelp had several listed.  My attention was directed to Poke Express based on 5 star ratings and the close proximity to our North Las Vegas data center.  I had to wait for Thursday since they are closed on Wednesday.  The glass shelf have a lot of selections and the young kid offered samplings to about 6 items that I asked about so very accommodating and friendly.  I bought a total of 3 different pokes and seaweed salad and rice and the first bite made me feel like I am back in Hawaii.  I plan to hit this place a couple of more times before heading back to the Bay Area.  Add this to my Vegas favorites when I return.
Went to the Poke Express 10:00 am on a Sunday morning. The owner tells me that by the afternoon, all of the stuff in the glass is normally empty so if you want to try samples, its only in the morning. Overall, the poke was awesome and pretty darn fresh considering this place is in the middle of the desert.
Who would have known I'd be able to get my poke fix in Las Vegas? Fresh poke made to order and every single bite did not disappoint. 

We ordered limu poke and spicy ahi poke... mouth watering! Every piece had the perfect amount of seasoning and blends. 

Not only do they sell poke but they also desserts. I wanted to try their malasadas but unfortunately they had ran out already. In addition, they also sell Hawaiian Drink mix! For those who drink more than the can this is the best way to go! 

Next time I'm in town, you know I'm for sure to hit up Poke Express!
Best Poke Place!  The food was fresh and the Owner's were really nice.  Went their early and the owner insisted that we try their poke and we were not disappointed.  Being  my first poke experience it rocked my world especially for the price.  Sushi quality food for half the price
Just have to give them the credit they deserve!

As far as finding a place in Vegas to get poke, it doesn't get better than Poke Express.
They have lots of options and everyone I have tried has been delicious!

The people there are always friendly when I go in, and they always make me try the different options. I love free samples as much as the next person!

The store is very simple, nothing fancy. Also, it isn't really a place to go sit down and eat.  But the food, which is what matters, is ono!

They usually have poi shipped in on Thursdays. 

Anyone who likes pokes (or who doesn't know if they like poke) should try this place!
Yummmy yummmy yummmy, I love coming here for my poke fixing whenever im in the north town. Everything is so fresh and tasty here, I could never get enough of it. I love the variety at poke express( limu,wasabi,soyu,spicy and garlic) so theres alwayse something for everyone. I can eat poke all day everyday lolz, as long as I have some rice! Everytime i drop in i'll usually pick up a couple pounds of limu poke and limu tako to eat at home and work. Anyways if your looking for delicious poke make sure you come to poke express, YOU GONNA LOVE IT !
Not even a week after I moved to Vegas, I was already searching for somewhere to get my fish from! Soooo glad I found this place! Everything was so good, the guy who worked there was super cool. Giving us tips where we can find rice and other stuff. They also sell stuff from home that you can't really find here, gallon aloha shoyu, mochiko flour, the good kine Mochi crunch. Making this place a ritual for sure!
It's as close to home as I can get and right around the street from the house.  Staff is aloha-spirit to da max and takes care of you for whatever you need.  Go on the days they have the poke bowls... I can't remember what day.  They also have fresh poi.
Its no secret why poke express has 5 stars. Anyone who has been here knows what I'm talking about! I have recommended this place to all my friends and without a doubt they are very pleased! Fresh poke everyday, my favorite is hands down the kimchi tako poke (octopus). Also try the tuna poke, kimchi mussels and seaweed salad! You order by the pound and the prices are market priced which is fair I think. Don't mind the smell walking in, you'll get used to it.
Love love love this place. I know all good things should be in moderation but I can't get enough of this place. They give you samples of everything so you can be sure you'll like it. It's a little pricey but that's the norm with any good fresh fish.
Came here because of Nelson Q. and his wonderful UYEs.  Their poke is wonderfully good!  

I love both their traditional style pokes as well as some of their explorative variations.  I don't think you can go wrong here with what you order, but even better than that is the fact that you can taste anything before you buy it!...I'm told you need to come earlier do that consistently though since they run out of some of the prepared items.  If you need a place to start though, check out their   Ahi Shoyu, Spicy Ahi, Ahi Limu,and Limu Tako Poke.

Some have complained that they are a little expensive...I still think it's worth it though and don't know of any better poke around...so if it's poke you want Poke Express is a must.

They are a counter style small business without any seats.  Nelson brought us a few doors down to 808 Mixed Plate since they're owned by the same family and allow you to eat Poke Express items in their...plus 808 is tasty enough to check out while you're there as well.
2.5 stars. 

Express indeed. 
Everything are premade and marinated. 

Reasonable pricing but average taste. 

5 stars here doesn't reflect how it is everywhere else. 

Poke wasn't as fresh as you'd like it to be but passable. 

I didn't rate it 3 stars because it'd be giving them too much credit.
Delicious poke at very reasonable price. I tried a couple of things and ordered 1/4 of the ahi poke limu, spicy poke and crabmeat salad. Love all three of them and I can't wait to try to the other ones on my next visit! Also, friendly and great customer service!
Some of the best things come in small packages. Case in point. Just like the "Hole In The Wall" and "Mom and Pop" places, if you are not paying attention, you can drive right by this place. Ironically, this place is also family owned, so both clichs apply.

With that said, the 100+ 5 star review average is a definite eye catcher.  As soon as I saw that, I knew I had to check it out hoping I wouldn't get disappointed. Well I am happy to report that the 5 star average is legit.

As soon as you come in, you are greeted warmly. When you look around, they have all sorts of Hawaiian themed merchandise. They have drinks, hats, seasonings, and even poi.

As for the main products. Just stroll on over to the big glass case where they have all the good stuff. Tip: Come right when they open so you can sample all the products because as soon as the afternoon comes around, most of the good stuff cant be sampled any more.

I ended up sampling the Crab Combo. After that first bite, we knew were getting at least a pound of that stuff. It has imitation crab meat and vegetables mixed with some kind of spicy chipotle mayo sauce. A pound of it came up to about 8 bucks and some change. If you ask me, I think they put some kind of drug in it because I couldn't stop eating it! 

As for the different kinds of Ahi, we went with the Kim Chee Ahi, promising to come back to try the other mouth watering options just based off the pics alone. We got a pound of it which came out to about 14 and  some change.

So in closing, probably the only thing that might subtract a star would be their hours. They are open Mon thru Tues, Thurs thru Sat 10 am to 6 pm. Sun 10 am to 5 pm. CLOSED WEDNESDAYS! Remember, this is a market/store type of place so the hours are not as weird as it seems. Their food and service more than make up for a potential subtraction of one star. So a "Mahalo" seems fitting for these guys and an "Aloha" from me since its the end of the review.
Bristol Farms used to have the best poke. Sadly, they have been dethroned!!! I say that for selfish reasons as now, if I wanna enjoy the most scrumptious poke ever, it'll take a four-and-a-half hour car drive as opposed to a thirty minute one.

Don't believe me?! You can hit the pool party later cause you know your phat ass is hungry anyway. Plus, it's November n cold as heck. Nobody at the pool n Bubba gonna be on turtle status.

We had the spicy, limu, n wasabi styles ahi poke. My favorite was the wasabi. Helped me keep from pluckin dem long nose hairs cause they was on fire! That was a compliment. LOL peeps inside were hella cool too!
this place is top fish in terms of poke. vast variety of tako, ahi, and crab poke. they even have dried aku, opihi, and hanalei poi. their poke is something I can eat everyday no joke. I read a review saying they would drive four an a half hrs for this poke and I would agree, this is one of those places that driving for hrs is worth the reward cause their poke is crazy good and would highly. ..HIGHLY!! Recommend them to anyone! I go there weekly and their specials is mean!! poke bowls, cone sushi, maki sushi. dis is one place you cannot go wrong, da people is awesome and you can tell they have the aloha spirit and it shows in the food they make! Mahalos for bringing a piece of home to las vegas Poke Express!
When I first got here, I felt kind of awkward because I was the only person here. The person working was really nice. I asked what a popular one was and he just said "I don't want to steer you to get something you don't like, so it would be better for you to try it." He was very concerned about me just trying something without knowing if I'll like it. I thought that was good customer service. 
They have a lot of different flavors, he let me have samples of everything so I knew what to get. I was getting food for my friend too and decided to get 1/4 of each flavor. Honestly, I don't remember everything but my 3 favorites are: shoyu, kimchi, and kimchi mussels.

The food: the food had a fresh taste. There wasn't too much sauce so you could really taste everything. I would definitely recommend this place and get multiple different flavors! It'll be like a fish buffet, can't go wrong with that!
If I can add 5 more stars I would. Best Poke ever!!! I used to be a live and work a couple of miles away from thus place and would frequent it. Whenever I'm back in town, I always always come and get my poke fix. If you like poke... This is the place to go to.
I'm going back again tomorrow - this place is extremely delicious! The fish tasted great and the service was excellent. I tried most of the flavors and they were all great.
I decided to try it after reading the raving reviews and I am so glad I did!!  I can't believe how good everything tasted...I mean, this is seafood in the desert! This is definitely going to be my regular go-to place :). To top it all, the staff was so friendly and helpful...made me feel like I was in Hawaii.
Very happy to review this place after so many visits. It may not look like much with no seating and a deli-like set up, but the food is something that really temps & fulfills the soul.  

First off, the quality and authenticity is truly something to be admired. I have always been impressed with everything I've  received. 

My personal favorites are ahi limu, ahi wasabi, and ahi kimchi. Although the sauce base is used for most or all of the ahi poke I believe, each one is still unique and nothing short of flavor. *Come in early and they are more than happy to let you sample anything to your interest or liking, when fresh product is still available around noon or so. Also, they do military discount which is a great deal for such quality. 

Customer service is so personable and warming. Really makes you fee like you are walking into their home. One of my favorite places for raw fish anything.
So I went for the first time today with my husband and son.... I was very pleased! The moment I walked in... We were greeted and was asked if we needed any help... I had let them know that it was out first time... They were more than happy to let us sample almost everything and the atmosphere felt like home... Okay so after trying basically everything I decided to go for the chili water ahi.... YUM! The quality is very fresh and oooo so good... My only downfall is that I wish I knew about this place when I first moved here years ago! The ocean salad is yummy also! I was surprised that they had kimchee marinated raw crab... This was one of the foods that I ate being brought up as a kid and oh did it bring back great memories! I am soo glad that I decided to go and try this place out! This is now my favorite place to go and living close by is such a plus! I would def have all my friends and family come here for some good fresh food! Good Poke! Great job! This place is a keeper!
Best poke in Las Vegas! No discussion needed. 

Don't be deceived by the strip mall. This isn't a restaurant, it's a small market that serves up the best poke in town. Grab some on your way to the beach for energy to surf. Oh wait. It's so good, you'll think you're on the Islands. Seriously.

Just tried the dried seasoned Aku. Wow! So tender and flavorful. Better than beef jerky.

Wasabi Ahi poke is still my favorite. Not too spicy, packed with flavor, Ahi melts in your mouth. Get it with the sauce on top.

My stomach says mahalo!
The OTHER poke place in town with two locations, one in the North side on Craig, the other one on Eastern on the southeast side. 

This location is not attached to a restaurant like the other location is. No pros/cons in that. just saying. Less busy in comparison but still popular. 

A lot of times i'm in this area, is due to work, and usually that's sometime in the mid afternoon. By then, most if not all the ahi poke is gone but the best thing is, even if they are out, you can still order and they'll make some for you ! 

My two favorites is their spicy ahi poke and the limu ahi poke. 

Spicy Ahi Poke is the one with a mayo/kewpie sauce with masago and some chili sauce (probably sriracha). Slightly spicy. (prefer to be more spicy... wonder if i can request it to be more spicy?? NEXT TIME !) masago gives a nice surprising popping texture which is nice 

Limu Ahi Poke is a poke with limu (algae or seaweed), and chopped green onions. In comparison to Hawaiian Poke in Chinatown, i actually like this a bit more. Their limu is a bit more crunchy and the salt crystals they put arent as big.
I actually found this place on yelp years ago,I figured I see. A lot of kama'ainas, they gotta get food somewhere .. Now I can't go to Vegas without coming here for my poke fix... Best poke in the mainland... Period...reminds me of getting poke at Foodland...I'll be back there soon... Aaauuuu raaiiiii!!!!
Delicious! This place is amazing. The owner and staff are absolutely wonderful and very accommodating. They are more than happy to give out samples and to me, those samples got me hooked!

Every morsel is packed with flavor. I particularly like the Spicy Poke Combo and Wasabi Poke. Yum! Fresh and mighty tasty.
I can't say I'm a poke expert but this poke experience was pretty amazing! Fair warning though that there is no where to sit and eat inside Poke Express. However, the guy working the counter told us to just walk a couple stores down to 808 Hawaiian (a restaurant) after we bought it and they would have rice (extra charge) and seating. He was actually quite helpful and gave us samples of different poke and told us a half pound is just about enough for 1 person if you're eating with rice.  

We ended up trying 4 different types of poke. The first was the fresh salmon with shoyu (aka soy). This has a very sweet flavor and the shoyu sauce is more of a thicker glaze than a regular soy sauce. It tasted very good but I'd recommend getting this with another poke as it could become too sweet eating just this one alone. The second poke was the wasabi tune poke. Very delicious and you can definitely taste the wasabi! My two favorites were the spicy tuna pokes. We actually tried a regular spicy poke and a hotter poke. I enjoyed both equally. The price was roughly $13.95 per lbs for the tuna and salmon pokes.

Tips: 
- Go early as they run out of fish throughout the day
- Get at least 2 kinds so you don't get sick of eating just one kind. 
- Go to 808 Hawaiian down the street to get rice and seating. 

Over all a 5/5 on the poke! Super fresh salmon and tuna! You guys have to try it!
From the service, to the fresh selection, and to the prices... This place nails greatness all around. They mix the poke fresh with each order... Many different combinations to choose from... The lunch poke bowls are what many can describe as get it while its available! Because as soon as he runs out of rice your just stuck with the fish lol... But awesome awesome awesome... 

You kinda have to question how the hell this guy has some of the freshest selection of seafood in the middle of the desert valley!
Freshest poke I've had in Las Vegas!   

No reason to go into too much detail about Poke Express since it's been done with all these reviews on here. If you love fresh poke and never been to Poke Express, then you're missing out.  All the 5 star reviews for Poke Express isn't hype.  If you crave fresh "as good as it gets" poke, then Poke Express needs to be on your list. 

My Favorites:
-Spicy Salmon:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=boCExakbpzFzpWRfuTFuZA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

-Ahi Poke w/Chili Water:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=hUDI7snJJ5DGwl7YO8239Q&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Tips:
-Don't expect a dining area here.  You can enjoy your poke standing inside, grubbin' in your car, as take out, or do what I do from time to time...I take it to Teriyaki Madness next door and eat it with a bowl of brown rice. 

-Expect to meet the nicest owners.  It's been a long time since my previous visit and they still treated me like they know me.  They definitely know their regulars by name. 


YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (054/366)
I love trying new things and heard about Poke Express. This place is pretty out there for me in terms of what I am used to. I tried the Mussels Kim Chee style, Baby Octopus and some sort of Salmon Ceviche. All of the items were fresh and while the only thing I personally enjoyed was the Mussels, all of the items that Poke Express had looked interesting. They will make Ahi fresh and cut it when ordered. They also offer other items which are presented in a convenient store setting. I will be definitely going back for different things to try. The prices are fair and you can make a mix of anything they offer. I am so glad I found this place.
Great place to get nothing like some good poke I would like if one were to open by Blue Diamond and Arville or Decatur so I wouldn't have to drive so far just to get some good food
Love this place because this is the closet to what I enjoy back home in Hawaii. It doesn't taste as fresh as Hawaii but it still good to me.
I see what all the fuss is about.. The store front does come to you fast if your looking for it for the first time on craig so make shure you look for it or will be doing a u turn like I did. I ordered Ocean Salad and the kim chee style dish. I have been to many Korean restaurants in the past and have tried ocean salad and bye far this rocks basically ate the whole thing in one sitting ! I wanted to try the kim chee dish cause I love kim chee and its really good not to spicy like you might see but descent heat to it. The products are really fresh and great. flavors etc. The owners are very friendly and accommodating to new customers witch is nice. I did see a blue fin sashimi looked really good. I wish they did have a little flyer hand out though for call in's or catering would be nice to have since I am a new local its always great to find restaurants that are really amazing thanks yelpers. !
Excellent!  Can't believe I found this place. Everything is so fresh and the owner is just the nicest!  It's really nice to get a REAL taste of Hawaii.  I am so impressed!
I'm dreaming of being on a sandy beach near Kona, Hawaii and craving Da Poke Shack and so sad it's not real, but BAM, here come Poke Express with the exact same thing! Total Score & totally worth the drive anytime I'm craving poke. The only thing that made me sad was no rice when I came in (not sure if they ever have it). 

The poke here is really good & can't wait to go back
My first review, for a place worth reviewing! Was looking for food places in north Las Vegas for when me and my friends come up from San Diego for the spartan race, and i am sooo glad I came across this! Best poke in the mainland!! So many choices and all of them are sooo good!!! I ended up getting the ahi furikake, garlic ahi poke with shoyu and salmon poke with special sauce... I only got less than 1lb of each cause of it being perishable and we had a 5-6hr drive back to San Diego. ;( ;( I wish they had a store in SD cause I would be hitting it up everyday! The owner and I think it might've been his son? were really nice!! They totally showed the aloha spirit. Now I know why the have perfect ratings. Next time I come to Las Vegas, I am definitely hitting this place up again! This place is def a "must go-to" spot now for me.
If you want amazing ahi and nice, genuine employees then come here! The poke is delicious and definitely something you wouldn't expect to find in Las Vegas! The owner is so nice and funny and you can tell how much he loves bringing poke to the people of Las Vegas. 

I just want to make a point of how nice he is. Usually when you go to places you get those annoyed looks from employees when you want more than one sample of something. BUT this guy was encouraging us to try almost everything! He loved showing us all the different kinds of poke/other fish he had! Definitely recommend this place!
All I have to say it that this place is defo 5/5. Fresh fish. Delish. OMG, am I in Hawaii? Nope, it's north town.

Ordered the following: 
Ahi poke with furikake: 5/5 just like a regular poke, with it's usual seasonings but it comes with furikake. Comes with a kick of sweetness.

Ahi poke with limu: 5/5 Comes with seaweed. It's not bad, it's actually good! This one would be my fave!

Ahi poke with wasabi: 5/5 A kick of spiciness. Yum! Ok, I lied, this one is my fave.

Ahi poke (regular): 5/5 Obviously the regular version.

Fresh crab poke: 5/5 A little raw for me but if it's too raw you can always pan fry it for a quick minute or two. 

Service: Well, the guys need to up their game. STOP MUMBLING! I had a hard time understanding the guy who helped me. He was trying to explain to me what one of the pokes tastes like. I gave up. 

Would defo come back. I would come back on a hot summer day, buy poke and head to a pool. It'll like Hawaii but with fake water. Ha.
It's basically a store front, there's no seating, but they seem to love offering you samples. 
Great for sushi parties, and if you've never had one, throw one, they're awesome!
The 9th island comes to my rescue again. Outstanding poke.  The owner is great to visit and discuss poke, deep sea fishing, and the finer aspects of what make his poke so good. 

Good food like this is not cheap, but you only have so many meals in this life so why not make them worth while? 

This is something I look forward to once a week. Can't wait for one to open in Summerlin! Please!
First tip: This place has NO seating. Don't plan on eating there.
Quality was great, they make the spicy poke while you wait - it's not very spicy, but super good. That and the hawaiian style are the best. 
Service is not so great, disgruntled teenage boy who I think completed 3 sentences. But who cares? I will be going back for sure.
Ahhh....Maui all over again...at least it brings me back to my days in Maui when I sample the creamy ahi poke with the tobiko, the spicy wasabi poke, and the spicy avocado poke.  

This is my first time to Poke Express since it is in North Vegas.  I live in Hendo so I am rarely in N Vegas for anything.  Because I went to volunteer at Three Square this morning, I decided to make a trip out of this.  After Three Square, I went to the UFC Gym to sweat a bit, and head straight to Poke Express.  The time was 1:30pm, so I figured I might not get to sample many items since per the other reviews, it may not be available.  

Must be my lucky day because I get to sample  all types of ahi poke.  I decided on 1 lb of wasabi poke, 1/2 lb of creamy with tobiko poke, and 1/2 lb of spicy avocado poke.  All for only $32 pre-tip.  I raced home to share with my husband since we both enjoyed the poke in Maui together (in which the trip was for our wedding).  So, even though we may not be going to Maui anytime soon, we can get a taste of Maui by coming to Poke Express and get our ahi poke fix.
I'm not going to pretend I am an Ahi Poke expert. I'm not going to claim I know what Poke is suppose to taste like. But I will say this-- BEST POKE I HAVE EVER HAD thus far. 

I've been wanting to try this place out for years but for some reason Poke Express always loses the argument when it comes to other places to eat. Today I wanted something small & not a big meal so I opt for poke! 

Definitely not what I had imagined. It's a very small store. You can't sit anywhere to eat, not a restaurant. You just tell them what you like and you gotta get outta there. The Pokes weren't out because we came around 4 & they make it to order at this time of the day. If you come when they open, 10am, all the Pokes will be out so you can actually try them all out before you decide which one you want. The staff were very helpful to us first timers. 

I decided on the Spicy Ahi & the crab combo. & they were sooooooo good! The crab combo had a good kick to it. The ahi wasn't spicy at all but nonetheless still really good! Only bad thing about it was, I didn't order more! Next time I want to try the Kim Chi Ahi & the wasabi ahi! Definitely coming back!
Even if this place served the worst food, it would still do well because the owners/staff are too nice!  But it does serve fantastic poke.  It's my favorite thing about working in my North Las Vegas office on Wednesdays, it means I can go here.
My personal favorite is the one with avocado (yes I understand that you get less fish for the money if there is avocado mixed in... but you know what, I don't care!!
Wow. I tried this place based on the reviews and it was better than everyone said.  I've had poke in many locations but this by far the best. The service was amazing, they let me sample the different poke and gave great advice.   The prices were very reasonable, I've bought plain sushi grade fish for more than this poke.
Great quality product at a reasonable price. Awesome local business that is willing to educate and let you sample the selection. 

Just one more thing on a very short list as to why to visit North Las Vegas. 

Hele mai a`i!
Soooo ono!

Thank you for being here so I can still enjoy my local-kine-island-girl roots. haha. I have actually never been to the location, but my family picks up poke all the time from Poke Express and I have never been let down yet. All kinds of deliciousness coming from you.
This was the first time I had Poke.  It will not be the last.  The food here was fresh, interesting, and delicious!
Hands down the best poke shop we've been to. The owner is so nice. We bought 1/4 of 5 different items to try. Everything was great. We especially liked the salmon furikake. Went next door to 808 Hawaiian Mixed Plates to get some rice and eat there.
There's a reason Poke Express has a solid 5 star rating with the amount of reviews that it has.  Poke on its own is absolutely delicious and amazing, but what really sets this place apart is the owner.

For an "express" eatery, the customer service that Darren and company present is above and beyond what you would expect.  He takes incredible pride in what they produce.

Upon hearing that my friends and I were from New York, he insisted that we sample every single one of the pokes they had available, with absolutely no obligation to buy anything.  The passion with which they believe in their product and authentic happiness they express for your enjoyment of their stock is infectious.

Of course my companions and I ended up getting a few pounds of poke.  It doesn't matter how full you might be, there's always room for pounds of poke!
Very good, simple and fresh poke served by nice people. They have many different flavors to choose from and the value is excellent. Definitely worth the trek away from the Strip to get a good take-out meal. It would have been nice if they had some seating so we could have eaten there, but I would definitely go back.
By far the best poke I've had outside of Hawaii thus far.  We were greeted by the owner, who showed us such friendly Hawaiian hospitality and took the time to let us try their different flavors. The selection is great and the fish tasted delish...all-around fave was the Ahi Furikake.  If you're ever in Vegas and craving that island poke, this place is legit and you could even get Hawaiian specialty items that they import in.  This place definitely has that Hawaiian island feel that I love...and miss :)
My husband and I have been stalking this place via Yelp for a while now. We come to Vegas on an annual basis and after our poke filled honeymoon in Hawaii last fall we knew we could not pass it up on this trip. 

Although it's quite the trek off the strip (if you're a tourist like me) it is totally worth it if you're looking for that same poke experience you get on the islands. The place is family run and every person working was happy to talk to us, explain the different dishes, offer tastings, and share stories about the family and business. The service alone is reason enough to come here. 

If you're not familiar with poke it is important you know what to expect. The store is not a restaurant but more of a small deli. They main dishes are all seafood with the majority of them being raw and seasoned with spices and oils. You pay by the pound and carry out. 

Poke Express had a ton of offerings and definitely had all of our favorites. We tried many of the dishes but left with the spciy tuna, sesame tuna, and two salmon dishes that we had them make to our specifications. You can order anything you want a la carte with your choice of preparation. We walked away with two pounds of fish at under $30 and could not have been happier. 

The only cons to Poke Express is that it's not very accessible if you don't have a car and the fish is mostly ordered frozen. (Who knew there was such a lack of fresh ahi tuna in the middle of the desert???)

Like I said, my husband and I make the trip to Vegas once a year and we will definitely be making this one of our routine stops from here on out.
If there is ONE thing that I love, its raw fish!! People think it's weird that I only like my fish raw, not cooked..but damn, I feel like that's the way to GO! Poke Express is a Hawaiian Poke Deli shop. It almost has an Asian mart feel with lots of choices for those seafood lovers, baby! 

There IS more food than just poke, but I haven't tried them yet!! Still trying to cover the whole poke area of the store. ;P They have quite the selection!

It is located kind of in the corner of a shopping area, so you -really- have to look to see it! AND ya can't eat there because they don't have seats, so please just don't stand there and eat..that's weird! Go home!

The owner gives out great customer service! He tells everyone to come in at 10 AM to try free samples! He was also super friendly, patient, and helpful in explaining all of the food to my boyfriend, who had never eaten poke before :) Also, they do give a military discount here, which was pretty cool of them. 

The only two poke flavors that I have tried are the Hawaiian and Garlic poke, but I really loved both of them. The quality of the fish is excellent~ It's as fresh as it gets and delicious, too! The prices are pretty reasonable as well!

So if you want a taste of the Island, stop by Poke Express--it's a place to be!!!
Ten stars! First Poke experience and I had to fly from Texas to get it. They literally gave me about 15 samples. The described just about every dish and answered every question I had. Walked over to a Hawaiian cafe to order some rice and munched out. They have no tables strictly to go.
Perfectly prepared seafood. Sauces are honest, simple and true. Fish is high quality. Owners are great people ..don't let the store front dissuade..much like all north vegas..best secrets are simply that ..secret
Kimchee Poke - rubbery
Spicy Poke - good
Tako - ok

Great idea, but perhaps I was there on a slow day with not so fresh freshness.
Wow... super fresh fish! Walking into this tiny spot you 1st realize something.... No smell what so ever was present. 1st cue that this place takes pride in what they serve. Also it was immaculate inside. Long counter / case of super fresh items. The young man behind the counter was super friendly and willing to help. They allow sampling and it is a good way to get you hooked. Had the Tako with shoyu and it was outstanding. Also got the spicy ahi which consisted of Japanese mayo and Sriracha which was very good. No tables to be found, but don't worry. Walk a few doors down, towards the opposite end of the strip mall that they sit in and you will find tables at 808 Hawaiian plate. If you buy a drink or even grab some food you can sit at this location and enjoy the food. My two choices of poke (1/3lb) each ran around $3.50. It was more then a sample and not a full meal which was great.
To all my Vegas friends who don't mind driving a bit off the strip for some really good and fresh poke, come here!

It's a small family owned business with friendly service. The food is more for to-go and is fairly priced.

My friends and I tried the:
- Spicy Ahi Poke - So good with brown rice (which we bought separately next-door)! It's a bit heavier than the other poke since it's sauce is made out of mayoinasse & sriracha.
- Ahi w/ Oyster Sauce - I really liked this one! It had a bit of a Chinese spin on poke.
- Ahi Poke w/ Limu & Chili Flakes - If you like spicy poke, order this! It was quite good!
- Ahi Hawaiian Style - Very traditional poke if you want something solid.

TIP: they don't sell rice here with their poke but you can buy rice at Teriyaki Madness within the same plaza!
Poke Express is seriously a gem that I am so glad I discovered while we were in Vegas.  At first, I was a bit skeptical to try it because how could there be fresh poke out in the hot ass desert?? BUT I decided to put my faith in Yelp and went to check it out anyway and I was glad I did.  All the poke selections average about $15/lb, but you can order by the half pound and quarter pound as well.  Mikah (?) and all the workers were very sweet and helpful.  They offered samples and gave us their opinions when we were unsure of which ones to order.  I ended up getting a half pound of their salmon and a half pound of their spicy combo.  If you get the salmon, be sure to ask for their special sauce.  It looks so simple, but oh so good! Don't skimp out on the onions either ;)  Their spicy combo is a mix of spicy mayo, tuna, imitation crab, cucumbers, and avocado.  This one was also good, but a little too rich after awhile because it had a too much spicy mayo for my liking.  Another thing I love about this little shop is that they also carry various Hawaiian specialty items such as soy sauce, drinks, pancake mixes, candy, etc.  I would say the only con about this place would be that there is nowhere to eat.  We were so hungry so we just ate outside on the steps, but there is a park across the street or you can wait for one of the surrounding restaurants to open.
This place is located in a strip mall and offers a good, filling meal. I got the Hawaiian BBQ Combo (Beef and Chicken). The white Styrofoam container was bursting at the seams when I got my meal. There is a good amount of meat for $7.99 and the rice and salad were decent.

There is an indoor seating area that is ample and a bevy of sauces available for your consumption. However, the sauce that the meat was marinated in was very sufficient. I would come here again.
Went here last night for dinner. The place was very clean and unfortunately - sorta sparse. I guess the South Side doesn't appreciate Hawaiian food like I do. :( 

I had the Bulkogi short ribs. They were braised in this wonderful tariyaki-like sauce and were very tender!! I was in heaven while eating it and I tried my cousin's chicken katsu and it was wonderful! I loved it too!! i wish they had a bulkogi and katsu combo... but alas they don't! :( They have a pretty big menu and I needed a few minutes just to read through it all. and I didn't even get through it all! :( 

When our food came Steve is absolutely right! Our containers were BURSTING with yummy food! :) My ONLY complaint is that the Macaroni salad has onions in it. I hate onions. but that's just me. 

I am totally adding this place on my list of regular haunts. I know it's a fast food chain... but damnit it's GOOD! I look forward to trying the Span Masubi!! It's a giant piece of nori wrapped sushi made with SPAM!! How could that be bad?!?! I also want to try the Hawaiian BBQ Chicken Noodle Soup. :) 

to my yelpers, I say GO! i know there's another location Phoenix... but if you're on this side and you want to dine in a clean and you're REALLY hungry and want to be REALLY full... and you love BBQ like I love BBQ and have a few extra bucks to spend and are willing to give a fast food chain a try... then give this place a try! Where the grill is always hot and the surf's always up! :D
One of my favorite places to eat!  The BBQ Beef is the best I've ever had and the macaroni salad has been fresh and delicious every single time.  They take a long time getting your order ready, but its worth the wait because they obviously make it fresh and aim to please.  Put the hot sauce on your macaroni salad if you like HOT stuff... so good!
I've also tried the BBQ Chicken, which was also fresh and delicious and the Chicken Katsu.  My wife and daughter loved the Katsu as well.  I've seen some negative reviews of this place and I'm shocked to hear them, so I had to write about how great this place is!  Go try it for yourself and try the BBQ Beef!  YUMMMMMMM!
I'm from Hawaii and as such, please take my opinion with a grain of salt unless you as well are picky and spoiled when it comes to Hawaiian barbeque.

I've been to three places for Hawaiian bbq while in Arizona, and Ono Hawaiian is definitely the worst of them.  The fact that is it a chain first raised red flags, although I knew this fact when I decided to come.

I ordered then curry chicken katsu and I was horribly disappointed.  The curry was more like water-with-curry-flavoring.  It was watery and instead of adding flavor, like curry is supposed to, it made my rice mushy and my katsu soggy.

If you want good Hawaiian BBQ, go to Aloha Kitchen, run by a local Hawaiian family, in Mesa.  It's a drive if you're close to Ono Hawaiian, but it's absolutely worth it and reminds me of being back in the Islands.
Ono Hawaiian BBQ is a great place if you are looking for something healthy and affordable.  I love their $5 value meal.  You have your choice between chicken, beef, pork and it comes with boiled cabbage, drink and choice of steamed rice or macaroni salad.  To cut back on the carbs, I just get a double order of cabbage.  

There are many fast food options in that area, but if you are looking for something fast and healthy, Ono Hawaiian is a great place to go.
Sometimes you've got to satisfy your spam musubi cravings, luckily for me there's an Ono's close to my work and I'm able to get me a spam musubi fix. MMMMmmmm for spam musubi, spam and sticky rice with teriyaki sauce wrapped in a seaweed roll... yum yum! And with my spam musubi i usually get the curry chicken katsu... with a scoop of rice and two scoops of macaroni salad... it makes for a good plate lunch altho it's a tad pricey, wish it was slightly cheaper. But we're aways from the islands and plus this Californian chain is not really from Hawaii but it's still good stuff! Totally recommend if you're craving spam musubi and some katsu, it satisfies and spam is just yum!
Okay, since there's no Poi Bowl here not to mention all my other favorite places in Hawaii, yes I'm a regular. I usually go to the one on Thomas unless I'm doing my shopping up this way. But so far I've been disappointed every time with the rice. Who ever is cooking it doesn't know what they're doing. It's sticky rice, not chewy rice with hard bits. Other than that, I've only had my usual, chicken katsu, and with that I have no complaints although I seem to get more chicken at the one on Thomas.
Cute staff, great service and mouthwatering BBQ that is the stuff of dreams. If you dream about smiling faces and Hawaiian BBQ.

They're part of a franchise so they have stupid rules they adhere to in limiting substitutions, but I go out of my way as often as possible to eat here. Their musubi is probably the cheapest meal replacement I could think of and it's the perfect introduction to their palette of flavor. 

I'd like more variety, like being able to have beef slapped into a bowl for one thing (why is beef over rice weird???) and then you are required to submit to both rice and macaroni salad, I'm sure there are other sides on Hawaii. I think. I dunno.  

Anyway, I've got some gripes with the menu, but I adore it all the same and their prompt, polite and courteous staff keep me coming back for that outstanding food.

I wouldn't really recommend eating in there, personally. But it has supplied me with exquisite meals on the go for years.
Here's the reality and its sad.  Ono's used have good decent food.  However, the quality have dropped at the Baseline location, the Thomas Road location, and the West Phoenix location.  The rice is never properly cooked, the meats are either over-cooked and burnt or under-cooked, the veggies are often too raw, and the portions sloppily placed in the boxes.  Sure the counter staff tries to make corrections when this pointed out, but really, should the customer have to serve as their quality control agents?  Also, how healthy can poorly cooked (over and under cooked) food be?

To make things worse and to signal of how things have deteriorated, I called their corporate consumer number 6 times and never received a call back.  Now, if the corporate office doesn't care about their product and how their locations are not being run correctly, why should I spend my money at their stores?  I won't anymore as their a plenty of other restaurants who want my business and are willing to properly prepare and serve their food.  

I shared my experiences with some of my friends and they added that they too have had poor food from Ono's.  They had stopped going there, but thought they were just being too strict.  Now they know that others like myself have discovered what disasters Ono has become.

Life is too short to put up with a restaurant chain that doesn't care about their customers and who can't get their food done right.  Spend your hard-earned money at Ono's at your own risk. I know I won't and many others also will not.  You have been warned.
Awesome food with rice that should be warmer,
I have been to the Ono location in North Scottsdale and I think this location could stand to take a few lessons from them as they did not measure up.

The boyfriend and I went to Ono on a Sunday afternoon eager to stuff our faces with yummy Hawaiian food and spend the Groupon I had purchased.

There was one person working the register and she was not very personable, couldn't follow what we were ordering (I ordered, then boyfriend ordered, then the counter person asked me what I was having??), and took forever to figure out how to deal with the Groupon. Then when our food came out she forgot to give us forks and napkins. They don't have any napkins out by the drinks or on tables. By this point she was putting ice in the soda machine so it took about 10 minutes into our meal before I could get a napkin. Do they have a problem with people taking too many napkins that they feel the need to hide and ration them? Weird.

Anyway, onto the food. We ordered two plate lunches and two musubi. Hands down the WORST musubi I've ever had. The seaweed was so tough we couldn't bite through it so it was just a mess. The spam was the thinnest piece I've ever seen. Awful. Save your money for something else.

The BBQ chicken was pretty good, not the best, but pretty good. The mac salad is not great, very heavy mayo. Now, I know mac salad is made with mayo and I don't expect it to be light by any means but I also don't eat mayo out of the jar either and that's what this tasted like.

Overall I was not impressed, not satisfied and I will not be going back. Ono turned this dining experience into an Oh No!
so dis one time, wen i stay up in phoenix, i was hungry for some local kine grinds. my fren said, eh, why not try some ono hawaiian bbq? they stay close by, and da food broke da mout.
brah, he was right! i had mop some bbq chicken wit mac salad and rice. hit da spottttt! cheeeee pono! dis hawaiian stay happy. was so ono i had for take one order to go. wish i had da kine in tucson!! aloooooha.
I'm from Hawaii and I thought ono's was pretty good. The BBQ chicken was good. The katsu seemed a little weird but it tasted good and the portions great! Too bad they don't have meat jun!
This place is close to my work so I will have a lunch a day a month or so  when I want to be filled up and want some decent Hawaiian food.  I wouldn't call it authentic because I LOVED me some L&L when it was in town and there are a few other restaurants that are a little better. This hits the spot when I'm craving some mac salad and some BBQ beef - get the mini meal.
Ono Hawaiin BBQ is one of the only 'Fast Food' places I allow myself (and my boyfriend) to eat at.  The reason being is because the food, while prepared quickly, is yummy, clean goodness!  Our rule of thumb is to share a grilled bbq chicken meal with no steamed rice, extra cabbage (for me) and extra macaroni salad (for Papa)....This makes everyone happy!  Our sauces of choice are the Katzu sauce and Hot Mustard - We find that the Teriyaki sauce is just too sweet.  The portions are giant, so if it's just for one, I would highly recommend the half meal (unless you want leftovers), it's plenty, trust!  Bottomline, this is a convenient, clean, meal option spot that will have you coming back time and time again - All at a great value to boot.....Can't go wrong!
I ordered the Hawaii BBQ chicken and after consuming half of the food, I found a long black hair at the bottom of the plate... Totally disgusted me, I will never eat there again.  I filed a complaint with the Health Department..
No matter witch one I go to they are always delicious and the staff is very friendly. The service is always fast and I'm always happy about my portions. When I come here I am more than happy to pay for what I get knowing it will be well worth it. The meat is well done, rice is so soft and sweet, and the Mac is heaven... Even if it's made from simple ingredients. If someone has not tried it and I pass one we will go every time !
What happened? I had Ono's at a different location and it was decent. This location? Horrible. First off, the staff consists of ghetto high school kids with attitudes and no smiles or even a personality. The chicken, on 2 seperate occasions, was REALLY fatty. You find yourself spending most of the time picking off the fat than eating. The rice wasnt cooked correctly one visit. The flavors of some of their sauces are ok, but that wont get me to go back. Especially when Chiptole is a few doors down. And especially when its vastly overpriced. Good portions, but too bad most is inedible.
First time at Ono today. Stopped by on a Sunday at 2:30 PM and there were six tables full. Unfortunately five of them were waiting for their order. 

I ordered the #44: BBQ and Katsu combo. Order arrived in 18 minutes. The plate came with steamed cabbage, rice and Mac salad. 

First the sides: the Mac is a Hawaiian tradition but never my fave. The rice was hot, sweet and sticky, just the way I like it. The steamed cabbage was, well, steamed cabbage. Just a filler but I like cabbage. 

The BBQ: the chicken was okay but the beef was excellent. Juicy, sweet, tender, yummy. The chicken Katsu was crisp, light and tender, another yum. Good meal, they need to add a cook, tho.
I got the fried shrimp plate. It was way over fried. the macaroni salad and rice were really good though.
This place is very good. I only gave it 5 stars because it's not worthy of it, meaning you don't get an out of body experience when eating here. I have to hand it to them though, their Manapua is really good. But then again there are no other places in Vegas to compare it to, so they get mega props on that. The chicken katsu is good but I don't like the after taste it leaves in your mouth and the hamburger is the same way, you are left burping it up all night, some sort of garlicky flavor and that drives me insane. The hawaiian bbq chicken is good. The saimin sucks, they don't give much and it has a weird taste. They sell malasadas but if you've ever ate malasadas from Hawaii, then you will think these are "ok i guess". They have daily plate specials for $4.95. Oh and the curry plates are righteous and the macaroni salad has taste!
This place is great.  The service is always friendly and quick.  The daily specials are awesome and at $5.50, one of the best deals in town.  Wednesdays the special is BBQ salmon and you get two or three big pieces of salmon and three sides!  For $5.50...seriously, how can they even do that?  It is really a treat.  And they have great boba tea too.  I recommend this place to friends and family a lot!
I love this place. Vegas has a large Hawaiian population, so there are Hawaiian restaurants all over the place. I've tired many places, but was never satisfied. But this spot here is great. Love it. I want to eventually try their other locations, but for now I only go to the Green Valley spot. I'm a regular there now. My fave thing there is the salmon plate - I get that plate regularly (and never forget the teriyaki sauce, that sauce is so good). I can eat a plate of that every week if I could. 

Also...On different days of the week they have a plate special...$4.99 per meal/plate (for the dish of the day) - which is pretty dope.
Las Vegas has a big islander community, so Hawaiian food is easy to come by. I've been to a bunch of different restaurants, and Ohana definitely stands out.

Price wise, it's similarly priced with other establishments of its kind. However, the servings seem a bit bigger than normal. I order the mini katsu (one of my favorite dishes), and can barely finish it. Don't get me wrong, your boy can eat. I've tried maybe 6 or so of their dishes, and have yet to be disappointed. 

I haven't had a bad experience yet at this place. The service is always nice. They greet you when you come in and say goodbye when you walk out. Wait time for food is normal. A coworker and I have even recommended that our office have Ohana cater a luncheon, and the whole office loved their food.
A flock of locals from Hawaii tend to be joining the Las Vegas population so it's no wonder that there are tons of local kind grindz restaurants popping up in LV.  Finding Ohana Hawaiian BBQ is a taste of home in this desert town.  

Considering that this is more or less a casual fast food dining experience, the service is outstanding.  A friendly welcome when you step in and they bring your food, utensils and drinks directly to your table without you having to get up after you order.  The decor of the restaurant itself is simple and clean.  A large plasma screen and a gorgeous picture of Waikiki beach with Diamond Head in the background adorned the walls.  

There were four of us girls so we decided to order a bunch of items to share.  A bbq mixed plate which consisted of 2 scoops of rice, mac salad, bbq chicken, teri beef, and short ribs.  The meats were marinated really well so that each piece was full of flavor and my favorite part about it?  None of the pieces of the meat was tough!  From the chicken to the teri beef to the ribs, tender, not overcooked and soft.  It's nice when you aren't wrestling with your meal with the possiblity that the meat is going to beat you and tear your teeth out.  

We also ordered a couple of spam musubis and saimin.  Spam musubi and saimin is a great combo for some reason.  It totally complements each other.  The soup base for the saimin was tasty and the spam musubi's were teri-sauce delish!  

Stuffed and ready to take our money back from the casinos...our party got up to leave.  Ohana BBQ staff truly know how to show their Aloha.  A sincere thanks and au revoir to us and we were on our merry way. 

Truly, a great, warm tasting "Aloha" experience.
Friendly staff, great selection and even better, reasonable prices! They package everything as take-out, so no need to have to worry about asking for a box to go. I can't wait to try other things on their menu, even though I am a sucker for the crab rangoon. I thought only Chinese places had that? frankly, I don't care. 

Two thumbs up!
Definitely the best Hawaiian place I've been to so far around here. There are just too many awesome things to order off the menu here-can't possibly eat all of it. I did manage to get through a seafood combo which came with fried shrimp, fish and terriyaki beef for less than nine bucks-not too shabby. It of course came with the standard mayonnaise macaroni and plenty of rice- best part of eating Hawaiian is never leaving hungry. I also had the Thai iced tea which was delicious and even had the boba balls which I haven't had in years since coming to Vegas, but I'm told the milk tea is even better. My only complaint of the night was getting run out at 9:45 pm-I cannot emphasize how crucial the "late night" selling point is for Vegas, yeah you could play poker at an Indian place in CA, but can you have spam musubi at the same time?
Oh how I miss this place!!! We use to live across the street and ate Here almost everyday. Now a year later just to visit we get our favorite Curry Katsura bowl . The cashiers here are always friendly and inviting. Good food made to order and the portions are generous. This is probably the one thing I miss living in Henderson .
There is a place called Ted's Bakery up near the North Shore of Oahu and although this place falls short of Ted's they do a great job for being so far from the ocean. Chicken Katsu or Chicken Katsu with curry is really good and if you get the full size meal it will last you all day with leftovers. Great tender chicken and real Katsu sauce. The Korean short ribs are very tender and marinated to perfection. Nice mac salad, and two scoops of sticky rice Brah! A slight minus is the mahi mahi which is heavily breaded and deep fried, it's good, but not a light egg batter and fresh fish like in Hawaii, but good try. If you are a true Hawaiian person then try the Lau Lau, but otherwise it's probably an aquired taste. Awesome service and cool Hawaiian decor on the walls. I would eat here several times a month it's pretty good stuff. Aloha!
Officially my fave Hawiaiian joint. L&L's chicken has alot of fat in it and they're generally more expensive than Ohana's. I've been to 3-4 different Hawaiian places in Vegas. Ohana's has stuff on their menu that other places don't have and the food is cheaper and tastes better. They have the special sauce for crab rangoon. They also have a deal for 4 manapuas! They just started selling their pulled pork BBQ sandwich (with a big onion and tomato and lettuce on it!). It's basically the same pork they would use with the Kalua Pork EXTRA TASTY! Their chicken teriyaki bowls and Katsu (not spicy) Curry chicken bowls are good too.
BETTER than L&L BBQ! Chicken BBQ here is the best!

I have gone here probably a dozen times in the last couple months. 
I find that their chicken bbq is not as fatty as the L&L bbq. It doesn't have fat hanging off it and it tastes better.

The other favorite is the katsu chicken and the katsu sauce. If I can only get that recipe for that sauce, I'd be a happy girl.. =) Place is friendly. Asking for extra katsu sauce is a hit and miss depending on the girl that workds the register. Sometimes you get charged 50 cents, sometimes not. 

They have BOBA here for $2.50 which is the cheapest I have seen in town not even in china town!
Just got back from a week in Kauai, believe it or not the food here at Ohana BBQ is better than on the islands itself! Freekin Subway sandwiches on Hawaii is $6 for a 1/2 sandwich with skimmpy meats and here in Nevada it's $5 for a footlong with whatever you want on it. Gonna be in at Ohana for some Chicken Katsu, where in Hawaii it's 3 times the price and small portions that don't taste good. The real Hawaii is right here in Nevada, Brahdah! Mahalo Yelpers.
I love the curry dishes and highly recommend them.  I like the flavor and spice used in the curry more than curries from cuisines such as Indian, Thai, Chinese, etc.
Definitely one of my favorite Hawaiian food restaurants in the valley!

The portions to price is just right. I'm 5'9" and 165lbs and a mini order of BBQ chicken doesn't leave me hungry.

BBQ Chicken - Wonderful deep rich flavor, so you can tell they marinade for a good amount of time.

Katsu Chicken - Excellent crunch, the Japanese wife gave a big thumbs up!

BBQ Salmon - For $8 you can get to big pieces of salmon cooked much, much better than most of the restaurants in Vegas. The wife usually ops for the $5 bowl and she was also super happy with the sandwich.

Curry Shrimp - The curry could be spicier, but everything else is nice. Their curry is more a Chinese style curry (from my experience with curries).

Fried Shrimp - OK, this is where I had a problem. Their shrimp is the over butterflied cut with way too much batter. Reminded me of the frozen precooked you can buy at the supermarket.

Mahi Mahi - I just don't like how they prepare it and I can't really explain why, all I know is that I prefer the mahi mahi at Ross J's.

Musubi: Spam or BBQ Chicken with steamed rice wrap in nori. Can't go wrong there!

Want a taste of everything? They have combo plates just in case you are having an internal struggle!

I highly recommend checking this place out! Worried about rice ruining your diet? No problem, they offer a mixed vegetable substitution.
love the bbq chicken plate. will feed you for a couple of days and its tasty. and you cant go wrong with the prices!!!
Wow! Went here for the first time last night. We ordered the BBQ plate and the Katsu Chicken plate. Both were outstanding. The BBQed meats were done perfectly, the Katsu Chicken was super crunchy, but not greasy. The macaroni salad was perfectly chilled. This is the best Hawaiian food I've had in Vegas. L&L is okay, but cannot compare to Ohana.
Maybe I'm insane.  I'm afraid to even write this review... but... I did not like my food at Ohana Hawaiian BBQ.  I got the BBQ mix plate with short ribs, chicken, and beef.  The beef was so chewy and fatty that I couldn't chew through it.  The short ribs were gristly too.  The only decent thing was the chicken, but it wasn't anything special.  My fianc had the katzu chicken, which was just okay too.  Afterwards, I was disappointed, so I ordered a thai tea... I wanted it to be better than it was.  However, it had this funky aftertaste that I just couldn't get past.

Maybe I just had random a bad experience, judging by the other reviews.  Dunno.
The BBQ was great. Often the Hawaiian fast food places serve chicken that's way too fatty but this place was GREAT. Nice flavor, cooked just right, and I didn't have to trim away excess fat. I sure hope that's the norm because we'll try it again.
Ohana was my first experience with anything proclaiming to be Hawaiian. Parking is always a bit tight as the Starbucks and other places close by bring in quite a few people. Once you step inside the place is clean and bright. They have a flat screen showing ESPN to distract you while you wait a few seconds for someone to take your order. 

The person taking my order suggested non-fried offerings so I ended up ordering a Half and Half plate: BBQ Chicken, Garlic Shrimp, and a drink. Under $8 for it all, not bad. I get my drink cup, head to the fountain dispenser and one dispenser is broke. I ended up getting Sierra Mist which is meh on a good day, but this was flat. Bleech. 

My food gets brought to the table and after a couple of bites I get up and get some soy / teriyaki sauce and some Sriracha sauce because while the garlic shrimp was good, the BBQ was woefully disappointing. I was able to cut the meat with a plastic fork and knife but that's the only praise it gets. As for BBQ, this is more like the stuff Sysco or US Foodservice sells at the lowest price point and says the sauce will make it into real BBQ. Sorry folks, my 14 year old niece's first attempt at BBQ with too many charcoal briquets and way too much lighter fluid had more taste than this stuff. And I can't forget the double scoop of the most boring white rice imaginable

After having this I'm thinking the closest I want to get to Hawaiian food is to go to the store and buy me a fresh pineapple, slice it and call it a day. (Seriously I'll keep looking as this was not even close to what I had hoped for!) 1 star for service, 1 star for the garlic shrimp.
Compared to L&L and aloha Hawaiian BBQ, I like ohana the best. Their daily specials are a cant beat deal. I also like their Chinese menu items. It's a nice change of pace sometimes. Loco moco is probably the best thing here.
In Vegas, which is referred to (in my mind) as the Lost Island of Ex-Pat Kama'ainas, this our family spot for Hawaiian BBQ.
i was so ono for the loco moco plate. i ordered to go. when i opened the lid i knew it was going be junk!  the appearance look like slop.  i was so disappointed.  the hamburger steak was smashed down on the rice and the gravy just all over the thing....i should've taken a picture but after one bite i just threw it in the rubbish!  how junk....i guess now i goin back to island grill!
Today was the "I don't know what I want to eat, so I'm just going to drive and stop somewhere" kind of day.  My work brought be close to the Green Valley area and I ultimately decided on Ohana.

I've been to Ohanas many times and I don't think it's the best I've had here in Vegas.  Insead of driving all around the creation, I decided to eat here because it was conveniently located across the street from my job. Whenever I visit this place, I always get the mahi mahi plate for $8.  It's breaded like chicken katsu and super good. Today I decided to change it up and got the BBQ salmon mini plate for $5.95.  The salmon was lightly sauced with BBQ and had nice grill marks.  It was super flaky and perfectly cooked.  SOO glad I got it. The plate lunch had too much Mac salad, kinda overkill. I also got a spam Musubi for 1.85, which was a great treat.  Usually, my pet peeve is when the nori wrapping is not crispy enough and doesn't breaks apart easy.  This musubi was quite the opposite. The teriyaki sauce in it was a great compliment.

Overall, it was a great random choice.  I felt satisfied and not too heavy.  Definitely would recommend the fish options here.  They have leaving with a smile on your face.  Definitely better than L&L BBQ.
I think this place is great, although it took me awhile to find something I really like.  I also realized that I wrote the review for this location on their Blue Diamond location yelp page.  This place is right down the street from where I work.  I used to get this garlic chicken dish at L&L all the time.  They didn't have a dish like this, so I tried the Chicken Katsu.  They make the chicken Katsu perfect! I can't get enough of it, but that's not a problem because if you get the regular plate you get a ton of food.  At lunch I will get the mini and I get stuffed and spend the afternoon in a food coma.  I did get the regular at dinner once and 2 people can easily share the plate.  In fact I think a family of 4 could even share the plate!  I also tried their bar b Que chicken musubi.  I haven't tried musubi before and now I'm hooked.  Go check this place out and you won't be disappointed!  Cheers!
I walked in today for lunch, and normally I'm greeted with a hearty "Hello!" from the cashier, but today, there was no enthusiasm in the greeting. I almost felt like I was interrupting her free time, because she was sitting on a chair. 
The food, as always, was cooked fresh to order. I got the BBQ Mix plate, that consist of BBQ Chicken, Spare Rib, and BBQ Beef. I always get it with all rice, because I'm not a huge fan of the macaroni salad. She quoted me 10 minutes, which is pretty normal time for any dish. If this had not been a last minute idea, I would have called in my order. 
All in all, food good, service, meh. If there was another option that was close, I'd go there, but until we get an L&L Hawaiian BBQ by work, Ohana will have to suffice.
I have been here twice now and this place is awesome!  I liked the food in Hawaii when we visited, but I thought L&L was nasty.  Cold chicken, macaroni salad that left a tinny taste in my mouth, etc.  However, Ohana was AWESOME!  The Kahuna pork is simply amazing.  It was a good suggesting from Mahina, the hostess.  The fish is good here too!  The cooks Carlos and Freddy really know what they are doing.  I was so impressed with the place that I asked everyone's name, so I could give them props here.  Not sure what else I can do, but tell you to go and enjoy!  4 locations in Vegas, family owned.  Yum.
Hawaiian Food is so good and yet so cheap. It feels wrong.

So it's a little sit down in a strip-mall. At least it's a nice strip mall in a great part of Henderson. Parking's a little shoddy, but if you're willing to walk it's fine. The shop itself is totally clean and provides a variety of polynesian delights.

And delights they are. The barbecue here is amazing, especially for the prices. The fact that you can get like a small cow, or a medium sized pig, in a styrofoam container with rice and pasta for less than 10 bucks is nuts. It's nuts. And it's so damn good.

Thai and Boba teas also in full effect and spectacular. Service was great too. I accidentally dropped my drink on the floor. Girl behind the counter was cleaning it up before you could say "Stupid Haole." Everything is so great here I assume that the food is in fact terrible for you just to keep the universe in balance. 

And the Loco Moko is enough to make my white ass want to secede from the US. This is a really good Hawaiian chain. 

Huge Occasional Con: If someone orders the shrimp they serve them virtually in tact (they might devein them. Might) and the whole place smells like an eight hundred pound person died in the back last week and they can't figure out how to get them out. I've only had this happen once in 10+ visits.

I really should be giving this place five stars, but I suspect it's killing me at a pace McDonalds can only dream about. Worth it though.
Chicken Katsu Curry is the only reason why this is a 4 star and not 3. Everything is OK, except the CHICKEN KATSU CURRY! The service is normal, food comes out pretty fast, everything you expect for a semi-fast food hawaiian food chain.
Mind you I always get the same thing (Katsu Chicken) Yum-tastic.
Always on point!
I really enjoy this restaurant, I usually end up going about once a week and the Kahlua Pork is phenomenal. Their macaroni salad is good, kind of bland but at least it isn't sweet! Of course, you can't forget the Musubi's, they are my absolute favorite! The staff is always very friendly and I'll continue visiting as often as I can.
I walked in the lady was ok. I asked for a calorie count she said they don't have one. I didn't end up eating there. As I walked to the side I realized a mop near the grill. Gross they have an A. The health inspector must have shown up on a good day.
This is the Hawaiian BBQ in town.  I go here on a regular basis and the food is always good.  Portion sizes are pretty big.
Stopped by today, they are out of business. The food was good, maybe too low priced? One of my favorite places, what happened? they were always pretty busy and popular.
It's a sad day. :-(
My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place in Henderson while we were looking for apartments. We originally drove into the plaza to grab some Jamba Juice, but we were both too hungry so we decided to stop into Ohana since it's right next door. 

Upon walking in, we were greeted by a really nice lady. She was talking to us like we've known her for years and made us feel right at home. 

Since the 'other' popular Hawaiian place in the valley hasn't been as awesome as we were used to it being, we were out to find another one that could be our regular spot and I'm happy to say, we may have found it!

We decided to share a pork katsu with rice and a side of mac salad with an order of spam musubi.

First of all, the portion was GIGANTIC. The pork katsu was flavorful and the breading wasn't falling off the meat and they give you DOUBLE the amount of what you would usually get at any other Hawaiian joint. They give you two scoops of mac salad (which was rich and wasn't bland like some other restaurants') instead of one measly one and even the rice portion is huge. We shared it, and still had leftovers! The spam musubi tasted freshly made and not made a few hours ago and stored somewhere. 

Only thing is, I wish they had a location closer to us. Probably a good thing that it's far though. For our waist line's sake anyway :D
Why did you close? This place was among my favorite go-to restaurants in the area and now the other locations are too far to deliver. I will dream of chicken katsu with curry as I damn the owners for giving up. 

On a related note, there are now not any Hawaiian BBQ joints in the green valley area. Any restauranteurs out there listen: you will have a loyal customer in me if you open one up!
Stop by while visiting a friend who lived close by. She told me about Hawaiian Sun BBQ, which had just opened. 

I ordered the Kalbi Short Ribs. Effing good by the way, and the portions are decently large. It was tangy, a little bit sweet, overall great. Came with two scoops of rice... which is the same everywhere. I also had the macaroni salad. Damn delicious! I don't know what they put in this, but it tastes different from the typical mainstream places like L&L and Ono's. Not a bad "different", but a GOOD "different. I even bought a to go order of macaroni salad. 

My friend got the Crab Ragoons as an apetizer (really good with sweet and sour btw). I didn't know what a ragoon was... yeah... and just in case you don't either and feel like you're asking a stupid question... it's pretty much imitation crab with cream cheese in the middle, wrapped in a won ton skin -- deep fried! It's not hella greasy either. She also got a Chicken Katsu "mini meal" and some random hawaiian drink (there were a bunch of flowers on the can, so I'm just assuming). 

Next time I visit good ole arizona, I'm going to FIRST somehow stretch out my stomach, then SECOND come back here and get the Kalbi short ribs again... and I really want to try the katsu, since it looked pretty ding dang good.
I'll be the first to say i dont know the first thing about hawaiian bbq, but i really enjoyed my meal from Hawaiian Sun BBQ. I ordered the seafood plate and couldnt have been happier. The breading on both the whitefish and shrimp was sweet and fine and really allowed the flavor of the fish come through. 

I have to admit that I have seen Hawaiian Sun BBQ for about a half a year as I've become a regular at Maria's in the same plaza and never thought much of it from the outside. But I couldnt have been more wrong! There are big comfy booths, plenty of tables to push together for larger groups, colorful art on the walls, and an amazingly cheery owner at the front counter. 

I have been using yelp for a couple years to help me find everything and anything whether I'm here in the valley or out traveling to new places, and I can honestly say that the reason that i have started my Yelp account is so that Hawaiian Sun BBQ will be around for many years to come.
did not like at all.  there was a funny smell in the place when we walked in.  kind of like and old persons house.  there wasn't a lot of choices.  my husband like the place but dosen't take much to make him happy.  i did not like it at all.  the food was bad the place smelled.  not much else to say.  the man that worked there was nice!  i try to find something good every place i go and that was what i could find.
Ok, I was looking for a Japanese Restaurant and yelped the place next door, but my wife said.. "hey let's try  Hawaiian bbq"  so we went in. 

We really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere, not your typical fast food tables and chairs and the owners were very nice.  I will say that I am not much of a macaroni salad fan so next time, we'll just get more rice, less macaroni.  Very friendly and very good fresh food.
I've really grown to enjoy Hawaiian BBQ over the last year, so I was excited to try the new place. We walked in and went up to the counter to place our to-go order. The woman at the counter was very friendly and was perhaps the owner as she was telling us about the different flavors of the Hawaiian Juices that she orders. 

It took a few minutes to cook up our food (but we heard it cooking so we knew it was fresh) and she brought it out to us. After getting the food home, I dove into my Chicken Katsu and my boyfriend ate his Spam Musubi and LocoMoco. He really enjoyed his food and I thought that mine was average. We used to eat at Ono Hawaiian BBQ often and I would have to say that I prefer Ono's version of the Katsu because the chicken is meatier at Ono, while at Hawaiian Sun, there seemed to be more bread. I also wished that I had noticed that she only included one side of Katsu sauce. 

Bottomline: I'd go back, but since it's a few miles from the house, I dont see it as a frequent dining option. I'd recommend giving it a try to anyone who's thinking about it.
this place has been open at least since last October and still no yelps?  It's good!  Try the pork adobo or whatever else is recommended by the friendly staff.

Do NOT order the teriaki chicken (well, or the spam, I guess).  Don't say I didn't warn you.
This place is amazing! I tried the Local Plate and it was delightful! They have a variety of dishes, really feeling and affordable. Can't go wrong with the mac salad, it was delicious! The ambience was nice and relaxing. A great place to stop by with your friends. The staff was really nice and knew the menu. I wish there was one in SoCal.
I go here every day after class for my usual of kalbi ribs, spam musubi, and lumpia. The food is good here and the portions are equal to the price.  Spam musubi is $1.99 each, kalbi ribs are $7.99, and lumpia are $2.99 for 6.  Overall it's a clean restaurant, has good Hawaiian/Filipino food, and great customer service.  I highly recommend because as I said it keeps me coming back at least 2-3 times a week.
My husband and I went to get dinner here because it was still open at 9pm, but on retrospect it was a bad idea. 

To start, the dish we ordered was way too salty. We ordered a pulled pork dish with cabbage that was basically lathered in soy sauce. The thing that really bothered us was when we told the server that the dish was too salty, she just looked at us and told us there was nothing she could do about it because her boss made it that morning.  

Basically if you want salty pulled pork that will raise your blood pressure, this is the place to go.
Best kalbi ribs in da valley. Their adobo fried rice is ono too.
Aloha Kitchen is great Hawaiian food at a great price! I got a Local Plate for a little over $8, it had Terriaki chicken and beef, 2 Spam Masubi's and Mac salad mmmmm goooddd ;) I think this is a newer location and not many people are here when I go but spread the word if you want Hawaiian food in the Sunset Station area! Its well worth it :)
My wife and I decided to head out to the Galleria Mall today and visit Best Buy and Costco.  We were there early and the stores were not open yet.  So, we decided to grab a brunch.  As we drove around looking for a place to eat, we noticed a small restaurant located on a strip outside of the Sunset Casino ~ the Alohoa Kitchen.  We figure it was a mom/pop kinda restaurant and thought it would be good to try and dine here.

Here is the good.  As you walk in, it is pretty clean and spacious.  It has a "Tiki" type built to it.  Pretty cool.  Also, from the menu offering, everything was reasonably priced ~ about $8-10 per plate.

Now, the bad... no customers were in the restaurant (bad sign).  I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken with rice.  And, my wife ordered the Ribs with rice.  It was served on a styro-foam plate with soft utensils.

Oh my, okay... breathe... while eating the rice, it was like grinding pebbles.  I had to turn to my wife and tell her that we are in Bedrock.  Call me Fred Flintstones and her Wilma.  We needed Bam Bam to hammer the rice and make it edible.  

Note to the cook:  How to cook rice... Pour rice into rice cooking pot, ADD WATER (I think this step was seriously missed), make sure you measure at least a 1/3 index finger size of water at the top, press cook, and wait for 30 minutes for beep.  Damn!  How hard is it to cook rice man!  I know we live in Las Vegas, it is in a desert, and we need to conserve water; but dog, just sacrifice and add a cup of water to your rice.  

As for the Teriyaki chicken, I think they served me "yesterday's" chicken.  It tasted like "over-nuked" chicken.  Extremely rubbery and very tasteless.  In order to hide this deficiency, the cook LATHERED the chicken in Teriyaki sauce.  The end result:  It looked and tasted like eating Molasses with uncooked rice.  yuck, yuck and ga-zillion yuck.

I ate 3 spoonful too many.

As for my wife's Ribs, it was tough as hell.  Again, it was obviously nuked.

Of note, there are people in the world who think they can cook, who are good cooks, who can open a restaurant, and survive...

And, then, there are owners like the Aloha Kitchen, who think they can cook, who have no clue how bad their food is, who still ends up opening a restaurant, and who probably would not survive.

Finally, I would not recommend this place.  We definitely will NOT return.  For two of us, with drinks, and tip, it amounted to $24.  Honestly, a better deal would be to go to Chili's -- have a decent appetizer and 2 entrees for $20.... 

I wished we can rate this a ZERO or negative star...
This place is the very essence of 2-stars.

The only attribute that could be awarded 3 stars would be the decor.

The plates were chipped, didn't feel clean. The food was mediocre. The service was anything but friendly.

I can think of no reason to go back, even for a cheap teriyaki bowl. I figure if the more expensive dishes are lacking, the cheap dishes will be downright frightful.

For lunch on a weekend it was nearly empty; two tables occupied in a sea of vacancy.
Food was good, and is a nice clean place, however the decor is very touristy and not very local to Hawaii
Very good food. Very little wait time. My favorite was the Kalua Pig. It was a little salty just like had it in Hawaii. Soooo Good.  The ribs were great and my very hungry family all filled up for just under $28. Atmosphere was fun and friendly to families.  And the booths gave us plenty of space to sit and talk story a while.  Best plate in town. I will return often.
In relationships, sometimes the call of duty includes trying new things, such as ethnic foods. Although some might not consider Hawaiian foods as being "ethnic" this picky eater certainly does. 

With all foreign foods my only requirement is to have what I like to call, "distinguishable meats". This means, if I ask if the chicken is all white meat and they say "yes", I expect as well as look forward to distinguishable white meat chicken. 

Perhaps in foreign lands, and on deserted islands "white meat" could potentially have various meanings? I'm not sure, just trying to wrap my brain around what part of the animal I had my lips wrapped around this afternoon..much to my disappointment, it was NOT white meat chicken served in their teriyake chicken dish. 

Most folks that have an eclectic pallet aren't particular when it comes to the shades and textures of their chicken (or even meat in general), but I'm huge on knowing or having an educated guess as to what I'm eating. 

My better half enjoyed the food so that made me happy to hear, but as for myself, a return trip will most likely not be in the cards. 

How disappointing, two less than par meals in a row.. 

Suggestion: Aloha Kitchen personnel, lets work on learning the menu and adjusting to what the "main land" considers white meat chicken.
Horrible, just horrible. The one closer to my house is muuch better. (Charleston and Lamb) 
I was there at around 6:30 on a Wednesday, and i was the only person in the place. It does have cute decor- it's all bamboo'ed out and has tropical plants everywhere.
 I ordered 2 different combo plates to go from the snotty guy at the register, and the  food was ready pretty quickly. But it was really disappointing. The chicken Katsu was the best part, but how do you mess that up,right? 
The teri chicken was very funky and gross (i was worried that it was going bad,it was so funky), and the pork-with-cabbage (i forget what it's called) was weird too. that is usually our favorite, so i was pretty sad. The worst part? My macaroni salad was in teeny little styrofoam cups (What!) and was soo gross.
 I will never go to this Aloha again!
I have given this place a try quite a few times during the past few years. I was just here as last resort because the other places in the area were closed on Sundays. It's not that I expect friendly service from the person working at the counter but when your place is named "Aloha" Kitchen, you'd think someone can crack a smile and say hi when they take your order.  It's just not one time, it's consistently like this, no greeting at all!   

The food is alright, I do give credit that they plate the food attractively, but they rely too much on drowning their meats in sauce for flavor instead of seasoning and marinating it.  The slices of beef that did have no sauce were a little dry & tasteless.  The manapua I ordered was a store bought brand and the dough was a bit tough. (like they left it cooking in the microwave a little too long) . That's probably why you get your food real quick!! It's already been prepared all they do is reheat it!  There are at least 3 other places that serve up better Hawaiian & Filipino food in the area so aloha, Aloha Kitchen.
Located on Sunset right across the street from the Galleria Mall. It sits in the same parking lot as Sunset Station.

Parking directly in front of restaurant and easy access.

Came for late night Hawaiian food right before they closed at 10pm. I was thinking no way they'll have my kalbi right before close. But yeah my sistas got me covered.
The kalbi was perfectly cooked, flavor great and of course my Mac salad, 2 scoops of rice and side of kimchee. Everything was perfect except the kimchee was medium cuz I'm not crazy about the kimchee here. But gotta have it. I LOVE KIMCHEE

Service was fast and friendly island style.

I only wish they were open later. Prices really reasonable.
Service was mediocre at best. Food presentation was excellent although the cook must not know that teriyaki is a marinade instead of a topping. Chicken was the same but at least they use real chicken instead of precooked like some others. Atmosphere seemed Hawaiian when we walked in right up to when they had the local hip-hop station playing instead of one of the many Hawaiian radio stations available online for free. Prices were about right and I would go back if the other Hawaiian places were packed. No smiles, no Aloha feeling...
We stopped here for a quick lunch after doing some errands and shopping. The restaurants was pretty empty with two other patrons there besides us. The restaurant was clean and well kept, and the decor was much more subdued and classier than some of the other Hawaiian restaurants in town. We ordered two different combination plates with two scoops of rice and one scoop of macaroni salad. The chicken was thin and dry, and unfortunately the highlight of the meal. I couldn't stomach the beef as it had a very distinct, off putting, odor to it. The pork was also dry and had an off putting smell. I did not want to chance a food poisoning so I just ate the chicken and rice. The macaroni salad tasted like it had been marinaded in a cleaning solution. The price is fair for the amount of food you get, but in this case I would opt for quality over quantity. I don't plan on coming back.
Another one of my recent Hawaiian food finds, this one, like many other Hawaiian restaurants around town, comes equipped with your standard foods and pleasant service (Why are Hawaiians so dang happy and friendly all the time? Clearly it's the food.).

There's two big differences about Aloha Kitchen that make it one of my preferred Hawaiian places:

1.) The inside is actually a really nice place to sit and enjoy a meal. You can take out if you want, but if you aren't in a rush, you can sit and relax a spell in a nice, clean, comfortable (albeit small) dining area, and enjoy your food at your own pace. Some Hawaiian places feel like they're being run out of a box, and that's fine when doing take-out or delivery, but sometimes you want to stay and enjoy the food right from the kitchen.

And

B.) There's something about the mahi-mahi here. It's amazeballs. Now, I'm not a big judge on authenticity, I've never been to Hawaii, I don't know how the locals make it, but I'm a big fan of their food and eye candy, and in both I know what tastes I like. (Heyooooo...) So while other places fry their mahi-mahi (and that's tasty, don't get me wrong, me and fried are best buddies), Aloha Kitchen uses, like, this egg batter, then kinda flash-fries it. It's hard to explain, but it's SO GOOD. You get the mahi-mahi, and you're like, "Hey, Aloha Kitchen, you can't fool me! I ordered fish, not an omelete!" It seriously looks like you ordered an omelete, but you bite in and it's delicious Hawaiian fish that's A-Mahi-Mahi-MAZING.

("A-Mahi-Mahi-MAZING" trademark 2012 R. Bates, Inc.)

I seriously can't describe it any better than that. It just has to be tasted. So go taste some Aloha Kitchen. Then eat it, because just licking things is weird and probably unsanitary.
Polite, friendly, helpful service. Restrooms & tables were clean. I enjoyed the food. Will return!
I love Aloha Kitchen been going to them for years, so thinking this place would be the same I was wrong. First thing I noticed was the smell, Smelled like rotten eggs not just the first time but every time I go there. The food is the only thing that taste ok. Service is not the best but I can stand it for now.
I have been going to Aloha Kitchen for about 3 years now, and have always had great food and great service.  Their lumpia are awesome, all nice and crispy, and the pork shu mai are little dumplings from heaven, but sadly they stopped serving them at the Henderson location.  Pork Adobo may be one of my all-time favorite things to eat, and Aloha's is spot-on, so moist and tender!  The Kalua pig is fantastic, and so is the garlic chicken. The katsu is never greasy, and they don't skimp on the sauces. If you don't like mac salad don't worry, you can have kimchee instead! I actually used to go to L&L all the time, until a racist person working behind the counter discriminated against me because of the color of my skin, so I refuse to frequent their business again.  So I am glad I turned to Aloha Kitchen. The staff at Aloha is always nice and cheerful, and they actually bring you out your food!  I'm moving to Florida in June, and am definitely going to miss this place...:( If you like your Hawaiian food with more of a Filipino flair, and great service, then Aloha Kitchen is the place for you!  Mahalo!
Better than LNL Las Vegas that is for sure
So it's been a year since I stepped foot in here and this time it was more pleasant as far as service.  Huge improvement in fact.  The guy working that evening was really cool and helpful.  They had some special deals on their menu.  $6.99 for 5 bbq pork sticks 2 scoops of rice (which I passed up on) and mac salad. The bbq pork taste wise was good, meat marinated throughout, just the cut of meat wasn't the best, so the texture was more on the tough side. But I'm still open to trying out other menu items next time.
Don't believe the other reviews about going up the street to the other place.. The quality of the meats at Aloha is quite a bit better.
I have eaten at this restaurant multiple times and have not been disappointed yet. I typically order the student special ($5 chicken teriyaki and a drink) but the rest of the menu is fantastic as well.

From the Kalua pig to the spam musubi, the food is flavorful and filling. The prices are reasonable and the amount of food you receive makes for wonderful next day leftovers.

This is one of those restaurants that after eating I always ask myself: "why don't I go here more often?" Good prices and even better food, I couldn't ask for more out of a restaurant.
The Only good thing to eat here is their spam an eggs for breakfast an teriyaki cheeseburger and fries. For their shrimp tempura an jus my luck store brought and it was hard as a rock, their kalua pig and cabbage was sooooo salty I don't want to try anything else..
Ate there yesterday with my sister. We both shared a bowl of saimen with BBQ pork in it. After we ate it we both started to get an itchy feeling in the back of our throat and I started to get bumps on my lips. We are both allergic to shellfish. My sister then asked if they put any shrimp in the broth, they said yes. Aloha kitchen you can kill people who are allergic to shellfish and other seafood, you need to place warning on your menu!
Service was average. The food is okay, nothing mind blowing...their best food is the Kalbi and the Saimin!
As many times as I come here, I can't believe I've never done a review yet!  I thought I made one months ago, but I guess I was wrong!!  Tonight I came by as I always tend to do when I'm ready to cheat and have a delicious meal that reminds me of back home.   This location, is literally a few blocks away from my house and super convenient...super bad combo if you're looking to lose weight!

This location is in a strip mall along with businesses like Thelma's, Rubios and GNC.  It's in the northeast part of the Sunset Station parking lot and across the street from Walmart.  When you enter the location, you feel like you've stepped back into a Hawaiian oasis.  Well, at least what outsiders envision Hawaii to be!  Thatched looking huts that drape over the tables, pictures of leaves and flora adorn the inside.  I actually like the details.  Really helps pull in the theme and type of food you're about to eat.  The staff is usually friendly and nice. I really enjoy Judith.  She's been behind the counter for years and always remembers my name.  She's super enjoyable to talk to and super attentive.  

For dinner, I got the Aloha plate for $7.99 and (2) spam musubis for $1.99 each.  As you may know, spam musubis are rectangular sushi cakes, rice and spam, wrapped in nori, or seaweed.  Aloha Kitchen dresses the spam up with teriyaki sauce.  The spam was fried perfectly, little crispy, the teriyaki sauce was sweet and tangy, bringing a pleasant and flavorful experience with each bite!  To me though, the rice tonight was a little too sticky which means they probably put too much water when cooking it.  I'd prefer my sticky rice a little dryer than what I tasted.  The glue that held this snack in was the nori, super crunchy and gave a little sea taste to the musubi.  Super good!  

The Aloha Plate comes with two scoops of rice, chicken katsu, teriyaki chicken and teriyaki beef.  I always enjoy this meal!  The chicken katsu is breaded with panko bread crumbs and fried:  super crunchy and flavorful!  The teriyaki chicken and beef were both excellent.  One thing though.  I think it might be too much teriyaki in one place.  I hope it evolves someday to include another type of dish to break up the teriyaki.  Could be a little overwhelming at times as of right now.  

All in all, I love this place.  The service is on point, fast and friendly.  The food for the most part is delicious and makes me wanting more!  It won't be too hard.  I live super close!  If you're in the area, go tell Judith Rockne says hi!  Then check out their delicious food.
Food:
- Chicken katsu was as good as home (Hawaii). Sauce was pure katsu sauce.  
- Hawaiian plate: Kalua pig with cabbage was flavorful but the Laulau was bland. Mac salad was ono.  
- Saimin was alright, not a fan of its char sui. 

Customer service:
Got my order wrong and did not apologize. I actually apologized to her for having to take my food back.  

Location:
Lots of parking, clean and cool ambience.

Would I go back?
If there's no other place for great chicken katsu and Mac salad then yes.
Went here and ordered the kahlua pork. I should of sent it back immediately but suffered thru it. There was so much water on my dish that my rice and macaroni salad turned soupy. When I asked for teryaki sauce they charged me $.27 for it. The combo plate was not much better. Over $26.00 for "slop". Very disappointing. I will not return!
We had the Chicken Katsu and Kalbi and it was ok...until about an hour later, all 6 of us that ate the Chicken Katsu had MAJOR stomach issues the rest of the day!  Probably will not go back here again...Chicken was under cooked...
I ordered mahi mahi and it was basically a fish omelette. The egg batter overpowers the fish.
Aloha Kitchen. I would say my number one issue with you, is consistency. One day, everything is stellar and my food is A+. Then, the next day, the service is just ok, my chicken is dry and my lumpia is still sitting on the counter when I leave. 
I love this place, and it works when I want something island style, or a quick miso soup. But I have also gone and been so mad. 
A couple things I love- The BBQ chicken, the lumpia, the mac salad, the miso soup.
Not too fond of the teriyaki beef, or any of the pork. 
Overall I think they should be using a higher quality of meat and the textures wouldn't vary as much. 
Also, I know a lot of the staff is family and been there a very long time. But that doesn't give you the right to not smile or have good service. Especially when a solid half of the employees are wonderful. If you have a great experience once, it sets a tone. 
I always come back to this place, because its decent priced, not horrible for you, and convenient. I just wish they'd step it up a notch.
I always in the Kalbi Plate with Kim Chi. Chicken Katsu has too much breading on it. And I don't care for there style of bbq chicken grill chicken with bbq or teriyaki sauce put on it.
Slow service the food um just low ok. If you are going to Teriyaki please don't. Chicken, Beef , sauce really just stop not Teriyaki this only gives Teriyaki a bad name and if no one think so go to seattle and try there teriyaki you will say holly Shi!!!!. Sorry only want good food not bad. And if you think this is good than your adventures haven't taken you far or tast buds are shot.
The only thing I get here is the kalbi plate with kimchee which is the best kalbi ever in my opinion because the short ribs are cut thinly and not fatty and cooked perfectly. But everything else I've ever ordered is disappointing. I definitely do not like their BBQ chicken or their teriyaki sauce. The kimchee is just ok. Taste like it's from a jar. The macaroni salad is decent. All in all I would eat here a lot more often if other items on menu were up to par. 

The kalbi plate comes with white rice and either a scoop of macaroni salad or kimchee. The last time I went I got the usual kalbi plate and didn't want the rice bc I wanted to eat it with brown rice at home. So I ordered it without rice and asked if I could get kimchee and macaroni salad, but the cashier said I have to pay extra for the kimchee. I said can't it substitute for the rice? No he said. Oh well. No biggee. :/
What a find!  We're staying at a hotel right down the road, and weren't satisfied with the nearby chain and fast food options.  Taste of Paradise Island Grill has apparently only been open three months, but they're off to a running start.  We were there on a Sunday early evening.  There were a few people picking up take-out orders, but it was just us at one of the 5 or so tables.  

This is a casual establishment, so order at the counter.  The menu has offerings from a Hawaiian side, a Soul side or you can make your own combinations.  I chose fried saimin noodles (kind of like Japanese yakisoba) with Portuguese sausage.  They were delicious, just like what you'd get in Hawaii.  The bf chose a double patty teriyaki burger and fries, which was also very good.

Prices at Taste of Paradise were very reasonable, and they're open for breakfast!  I'll be back soon for a loco moco.  Best of luck to Taste of Paradise.  It's worth the drive north to check them out!

The very informative, spunky and good-natured lady who took our order brought everything over to the table, along with real silverware and a cloth napkin.  It was a bit of a wait before our order came out, but it was worth the wait.
My husband and I make Taste of Paradise a regular stop. We both love the mix of Hawaiian and "soul" food they offer there. It's a family run place in which the husband is usually acting as cook, and the wife usually helping customers, but they also sometimes have other family members (and friends?) working there as well. Their small staff means the food always takes a while, so we usually call it in before we head over. It's a very laid back and friendly atmosphere, and we're always greeted with a cheerful "Hello, Auntie! Hello, Uncle!" upon walking in. They knew our names after only two visits. 

The Short Ribs are my favorite thing there; really salty but very flavorful as well. My husband's favorite is the Chicken Katsu; the breading and sauce is delicious. I also really enjoy the extra-crispy catfish and french toast for breakfast. The mini burgers are great too. I don't recommend the pasta salad which comes with every meal, though; it's very bland and I usually have them leave it off. The portions are hefty without being overkill; perfect for my husband, and I'm always stuffed when we leave. Finally, they give a military discount, 15% to active duty and 10% for dependents.

I recommend this place for a casual, friendly, and flavorful meal, especially if you call and order ahead.
This was not a good experience at all.  To summarize:

-No menus on the walls.  You have to look at the take out menu.
-"We'll be right with you," means 10-15 minutes.
-"Let me clean your table first," means wipe it down, but then leave the spray bottle on the table.
-"We're out of salad," supposedly meant "We're out of salmon," which actually means that they had both in stock.  Huh?  I don't know either.
-The "office" for the restaurant is the last table in the corner, with a computer and everything set up in plain view of the customers.
-Behind the "office" is the daycare for the employee's daughters, who had toys, papers and a TV there on the floor.
-The employee's daughters are nice enough to come and play with their toys on your table.  The toys that have been on the floor and the girl's mouth.  Also, be on the lookout for them throwing their toys around the restaurant.
-The men's restroom had dirty aprons from the kitchen and an open toolbox.
-The employee's daughters were also in the men's restroom.  Quite the surprise when I go in and almost trip over a couple little girls.
-The food is around $10 per dish and is not that good.  But it will take 20-25 minutes to prepare.
-The macaroni salad is actually a penne salad.  As in, it was penne pasta used in the recipe.  It lacked flavor and was warm.
-Chicken katsu was mostly breading, very little chicken.  Katsu sauce was barely present on the chicken.

It was an uncomfortable meal, spending an hour and a half at this restaurant.  A lot of time was spent waiting, but when the food arrived, you spent your time eating while also hoping the kids wouldn't come to your table after playing on the floor the whole time.  Take out is offered, so you can avoid the environment if you go that route.  However, the food was nothing special, so I can't even recommend that.  I don't know if I've ever been so relieved to get out of a restaurant.
I've been driving past this place quite often lately and noticed they moved a few doors down so I decided to check it out before heading over to Formula Drift. I'm so sorry I suggested to Anthony M and Jieun L that we have dinner here before the event. 

The first thing we notice is that there is no menu on the wall and this is one of those places where you have to order at the counter. I looked over at the tables and notice that the two empty tables still had dirty dishes. I told the lady at the counter that we were eating here so she went to clean off one of the tables. It took her at least 10 minutes to come back to take our order.

As we walk over to the table she cleaned for us, I notice the cleaning solution spray bottle sitting in the middle of the table. I think she got distracted because she is trying to juggle running the restaurant and also taking care of the two little ones running around. The table in the back corner looks like their office cause it had a computer set up on there. Her two daughters are sweet, but should not be playing and running around the restaurant.

After waiting for our food for about 30 minutes, we start to get thirsty. We ordered sodas with our food, but she didn't give us cups for the self-service fountain. We finally get our food after about 60 minutes. Not once did our server come by to apologize for the food taking so long. I ordered the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Bowl. It did not taste like paradise to me...

I don't think I will come back.
The inside of the restaurant was clean. The things that I didn't like was that it took forever to get my food. The children were running around playing. I ordered lunch and it was very good. I had a turkey burger with fries and one of the smoothies. It was fresh and well prepared. I liked the fun atmosphere that the restaurant had and the nice staff.
The first time I was here, I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ Short Ribs Plate ($7.65) to go. It comes w/2 scoops of rice & 1 scoop of macaroni salad.  They give you a lot. I couldn't finish it in one sitting. It was good.

They give you a stamp card. It is either Buy 8 or 10 regular and get 1 free.

The second time I was here, I ordered the BBQ Mix Plate ($7.95). There is BBQ beef, BBQ chicken, and BBQ short ribs w/2 scoops of rice & 1 scoop of macaroni salad. It was yummy and there was a lot of food.

There are a bunch of specials posted on the wall that is not on the regular menu. A few I can remember that I will definitely come back and try are the Coconut Chicken Plate, Lumpia, and Garlic Chicken.

The place is clean and has a LCD on the wall. I think it is family owned and everyone was super nice.
Back for my third stamp. OK it's buy 9 reg and get 1 free.

They now have smoothies and thai tea w/boba.

I got the Coconut Chicken($7.75). Comes with 2 scoops of rice and 1 scoop of macaroni salad. It was good. I would have given 5 stars if it had pieces of coconut in it. I also got a Thai Tea w/Boba($3.50). It was a large, so the price is ok. The boba need to be cooked a little longer though.
Lately I have been neglecting yelp and Hawaiian BBQ.  Now seems like a good time to stop neglecting both.  

Aloha we have free wifi here.

I don't think the location of this place is very great.  I barely noticed it when I drove by and had a hard time telling if it was open yet or not.  It's also right next door to a gym that nobody goes to.  

Other than that I think the prices and food are pretty great, especially with the size of the servings.  You can get a mini order for around $5.55 and a regular sized for $7ish depending on what you get.  The mini size is pretty nice and filling on it's own.  Regular is nearly double (or maybe more) the food.  Speaking of more food the spam masubi here is massive.

I guess they ran out of ideas on how to decorate the place because on one wall they have shirts the employees wear and they sell them.  That's pretty funny to me.

The staff here is nice but they never gave me a card to get stamps.  They have a nice tv in here but it's always on CNN, so the 2 times I've gone here I ordered to go because the news would bore and depress me.

I like the food here a lot and would definitely recommend this place.

The end.
Its good my husband LOVES the meat platter... I love the sauce you get with the katsu chicken!! :)
This is great.  The service is awesome.  The portions are large.  The price is right.  You can't get any better than that.  It is family owned and operated.  They remember their customers.  This place easily beats on the competition such as Aloha and LL.  They are in an odd location but it is easy to see the big neon sign that says OPEN.  And the TV is not always on CNN.  I have watched basketball several times in there.  If you haven't tried it, get to #1 Hawaiian BBQ now.
This place is BOMB! The meat platter was sooooo good and their rice is that great sticky rice. It took a while to get the food and it was a tad pricey to me, but when I got the food it was worth the wait and a ton of food! :) I will definitely go back.
Love this place!!! Good food & great staff.  my favorite place to get lunch or dinner!!
Aloha N Vegas yelpers!

My bf introduced me to Hawaiian Barbeque. It's our neighborhood Hawaiian spot.

Reading all the good reviews I got excited! I've been here a few times and ordered the laulau & kalua pig combo and the seafood and bbq short ribs combo. Either the meat was too dry or the taste wasn't right. 

Considering other local spots in Las Vegas, I have to say I had better. My bf still likes coming here because it's close to us but I choose Hawaiian Barbeque as my last resort... sorry! I rather drive into town to eat at other Hawaiian spots.

1 star for location and 1 star for variety on their menu.

I'm sure I'll be back... I'll try other things on the menu and maybe... just maybe I'll bump it up to 3 stars.
Food is good, nice family owned place, and I love that they have a TV!
The prices are decent and I like their specials.. Free or included stuff is a plus!
FOOD: All good so far. Comes with rice and pasta salad for the most part. They have daily specials (handwritten signs by the register).

SERVICE: Always quick, always pleasant.

AMBIANCE: Seating is limited. if you have a big group, be there before 12:00.
Love this place! When me and my wife went the other day, we couldnt make up our mind on what to order because not only do they have your basic menu, but they also have a boatload of specials that is not on their basic take home menu. 

So we decided to get the seafood mix and and bbq beef mix. I also ordered the pineapple fried rice (yes, I said pineapple fried rice!). We ordered it to go so while we were waiting, I noticed several people come in and order the ube (taro) smoothies. I guess it must be that good if people come in there just to order that! In the midst of this, the lady that took our order told us that they messed up the pineapple fried rice. She apologized and offered us free drinks for our inconvenience. I must say that I was impressed with her forwardness and honesty. So we had to wait another couple of minutes but I didnt mind cuz we were compensated accordingly.

Now their food is self explanatory. Doesnt matter what you order. Whether its chicken, beef, or fish, everything is good! Portions are big especially when you order the regular size. The macaroni salad is very tasty.

Their location is quite cozy so if you come with a big party and plan on eating there, good luck! Driving on Losee, if you dont really look for their sign, you will pass them for sure.
We tried the BBQ chicken plate, Portuguese sausage loco moco and egg rolls. The loco moco wasn't so loco since they forgot to give us the gravy (take-out)... Chicken was tasty and so were the egg rolls. The egg rolls are greasy though so beware if you are not into greasy egg rolls.
This Hawaiian food is great! The Chicken Katsu and BBQ Mix Plate are my favorite. Fast and Friendly service, food is very consistent.
One of my favorite Hawaiian restuarants in Las Vegas. 

What I've Tried:
-Katsu Chicken w/Rice:  My usual order.  My opinion, the best Katsu I've tried out here.

-Chicken BBQ w/Rice:  Okay, can be greasy.  I usually have to pat the chicken drive to get the grease out.  Wish they would skin the skin.

-Spam Masubi:  My 2nd favorite item on here. No too small, not too big.

-Macaroni:  Average, but still manage to finish it every time I get it.

Couple of things about this place that you may like or dislike.  This place is dead, rarely anyone in here eating.  Most of the time I walk in, it's usually just me or one other guest.  Because this place is empty, my belly always gets tricked to thinking food will be ready quick. Wrong...always seem to have to wait for my food longer than most Hawaiian restuarants.  Here's why and what I've noticed....A lot of people phone in their orders for pick up and get the delivery service.  Staff is always good and they actually bring the food to you instead to calling you up.  

Tip:  If you are starving, call in your order 5-10 minutes before you arrive.  At least I know my food is being cooked and is always fresh.
It's a small place so it gets packed rather quickly.  The food is good and there's quite a variety.  I must say they have better food than Zippy's in Hawaii.  I like their spam musubi, loco moco, chicken katsu, kalbi and boba tea.

They deliver too!
When it comes to hawaiin I would say this place is better then average with a pretty robust selection overall. I swear they have like a hundred of sheets of papers up listing off menu items. I definitely have to hand it to them when it comes to the mac salad, very tasty. Only downside is the price is a tad high in my opinion, but not breaking the bank by any standards.
Still a fan, especially since they deliver.

Recent Additions:
-Loco Moco w/Brown Rice:  Double patties with scrambled eggs.  Pretty good.  My favorite is from Cheeseburger (PH).  Still hits the spot. 
-Fried Mahi Mahi:  Just okay.  Ordered recently because I needed to add more fish to my diet.  A fishy fish if you know what I mean, but not bad at all.

My favorites here is still their Katsu and Spam Masubi.  My opinion, better than most.
The whole family loves this place, if you haven't tried it, the staff will make recommendations.  They are always friendly and quick.  We call ahead our orders on the way home from work.  Try the kahula pork or the lau lau with rooster sauce. Soooooo yummy!  Picky eaters would probably like the chicken katsu, also very good!
This place gets a solid4-star from me. It's close to home, and serves good quality Hawaiian take-out. I ordered the BBQ mix plate and the chicken mix plate. The staff was nice, the restaurant was clean, everything you expect from a Hawaiian BBQ restaurant.
Good food and decent prices.
Close to home and best spot to go when having those hawaiian/korean food cravings.
DELICIOSO!!!!!! This place is quick, friendly, cheap, FUCKING GOOOOOOD!!!!
Why am i only giving it 4 stars if its soooo good. psh duh cus I've only had the food here twice 1.Sea food combo plate (delicious btw shrimp,fish, rice, mc salad)
2. Musubi, perfect not greasy or soggy rice perfection in every bite.
I will most deff update my review when i get to try more dishes, how can you review a restaurant when you only eaten there once or in my case twice actually!?!?!?!?!/
Any who super nice friendly service, delicious food! 

******OH YA!!!! military peeps you get a free beverage if your active duty!!! don't quote me on that but I did and that's what the cashier told me when she saw my ID. in my wallet so FYI just ask
I love this place so much. I like it better than L&L and I'm from Hawaii lol. I love there chicken katsu and bbq mix plates are amazing. They give free drinks if your military to so that's a plus.
Good, average food. Not the greatest but it hits the spot. 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate up the road has some fancier dishes, a little more tasty, but you get what you expect here.
It's Hawaiian bbq, what's not to love! 

The service here is very nice and friendly! Food always hot and fresh, except for the kaluah pork before closing. Tends to be a little dry late night but that's understandable.

Our favorite Hawaiian spot to date.
With 808 Hawaiian Mixed Plate not too far away....this place just doesn't cut it for me.  I ordered the "garlic chicken"....no garlic...just sweet and sour chicken?! Very misleading description.  Coworker orders Portuguese sausage/eggs/rice...what can go wrong, right?!  Um...the box opens and I ask did you order corn beef hash....it is some strange dried spam patty looking thing...no bueno.   They should probably just call this place China Barbecue, because there isn't anything Hawaiian that I can spot.  We also tried the ahi tuna poke...I will give them credit for having fresh fish, even if the marinade wasn't amazing.
We used to drive down to the L&L at Centennial to get Hawaiian BBQ. Not anymore, I finally convinced Jason to try this place with me- he caved when I mentioned that they deliver. Figures that we called in an order for pick up anyway.

We ordered the usual, BBQ mixed plate and chicken Katsu. We also got a manapua and an extra macaroni salad. The queue time given was 10 minutes. I hopped in the car and when I got there the food was ready.. Awesome! 

I admit, I'm not a trusting person when it comes to to-go orders. I notoriously check my bag for all the things they forgot, but I was pleasantly surprised to see they packed everything; 2 of each dipping sauce, 2 forks, 2 knives, and napkins. 

Everything was delicious, and there seemed to be more food in the box than is served up at L&L. So we were happy to have leftovers for lunch the next day. Yummy.
tried the short ribs, by far the worst short ribs ive ever had. It had no taste and it was gamey.
Hawaiian BBQ is my favorite Hawaiian place in North Vegas. The thing that makes them just a step higher than 808 mixed plate is that they have fried rice and they deliver. They will even deliver to the Airforce base. The food is always good and I have never had bad service. The short ribs are my favorite!
Mu husband and I are frequent regulars. Hawaiian food is my crutch. Their short ribs are amazing & if you don't try their avocado boba smoothie you're seriously missing out! The employees are always so friendly & the store is very clean and presentable.
First and Last time!!! I just got food delivered and it was terrible. I found a big black hair in my chicken, I'm a blonde so definately not mine. The ribs were mostly fatty, and the curry sauce was nasty. So disappointing
Good food at a very good price.  I am looking forward at ordering some the katsu curry next.  The chix katsu and the spam masubi was great.  The only problem was location marked on yelp.  The actual address was different from the actual location marked on yelp.   Other than that issue, we will be back for more.
I had to be honest and dock a few stars off here. I ordered the BBQ mix plate which included chicken, beef and short ribs. There just wasn't any flavor in the meat. I have tasted better in the area. The mac salad was kind of bland as well and I'm such a sucker for that, but sadly disappointed.
Amazing mango bubble tea and seafood and meat combo. We stopped in late one evening while visiting Vegas and we were glad we did. All our food was good and very worth the price.
I have order about have the menu. This place is very good. The chicken katsu and the misubi is delicious. I did order the orange chicken and the only critique is not to use to much garlic it orange chicken after all not garlic chicken and the garlic does need to be cooked so it doesn't over power the dish. And the lumpia needs to be fried with very hot oil so it doesn't come out to greasy/oily.
I live right around the corner and decided to try this place after a year! It is delish! I had the spam, eggs, rice, and macaroni plate...portions are a-plenty, food is awesome, prices are great, and service was fast! I'm going back today!
Food is really good. Service is really good. Come here once a week at least. My favorite is the katsup chicken.  The girl at the cashier is super nice, but they all are.
Food is always good. Close to our home and it's our go-to for Hawaiian. We had an issue with our food once and the manager was very apologetic and gave us a certificate in the amount of our entire check. Everything we've tried is good, but we usually go for the BBQ chicken and Chicken katsu.
Always have a few people in here and the food is pretty typical.  Quick stop for an average lunch.  Kalua pork has good flavor, curry is too blah but their crab rangoon is always good.
This place was ok, reminded me of L&L from the menu items but lower quality. I'm pretty sure the owners aren't from Hawaii either. I had a BBQ mix plate which came with chicken, beef and short ribs. The meat was tasteless and under marinated/seasoned and I had to use the provided sauce which I usually don't use. The beef and ribs were slightly overcooked but not too bad, just made it more chewy. Not sure if I just ordered the wrong thing because I read a bunch of good reviews. Might have to come back and try other items to see if maybe just the BBQ is off.
Good food, only downside in quality being the macaroni, it sucks. The employees are super friendly, and very helpful, go in and get a Thai tea boba, you'll thank me later!
You can tell this place doesn't believe in the Hawaiian BBQ name, they don't use it when you call.  They use their franchise name #1 BBQ.  What a let down.
Great employees, decent prices, huge portions, amazing food
A little gem right by my daughters school :-)
The food/skinny
I usually get the kalua pork plate no cabbage (#16) and it is good not great (comparing to Hawaii pork which I shouldn't) it is a lot better than L & L I will say the Mac salad is always on point cold and delicious. We just tried the garlic cheese fries for the first time and omg I wish we ordered the large and not the mini they were beyond delicious very garlicky and lots and lots of cheese. My girlfriend usually orders the shrimp burger and Mac salad and she loves it. I also love the fact that the menu is so big and has lots of options I always leave full, the girl that works the front is always very nice and sweet she never messes up our order. 
The bad 
The location is sometimes a bit of a drive they should open a few more places as this good is great. 
This place is a gem and all the people who live or work in north Las Vegas should check this place out.
Never had "Hawaiian BBQ" before I lived in Vegas, therefore I can't speak of the authenticity here. They have dishes with spam, if that counts for anything. This location was my usual go-to if I was in the mood for macaroni salad and fried food. The "Hawaiian" mac salad is heavy on the mayo, but seriously good. My favorite dishes here are the chicken katsu and  the seafood combo, which includes mahi mahi, scallops, and shrimp.  Get the katsu sauce for dipping, as it's really good on everything. The service here is very friendly, and the food is prepared fast and is always consistent in quality. They added "healthy" plates at some point, and the shrimp is very good with a nice salad, but if you're not a fan of garlic, beware. Very garlicky! Great spot for takeout (really great if you're hungover).
The mahi mahi here was really good and you get a lot ! It was served on a pile of white rice with lemon wedges. I would definitely recommend it.
Lived in Hawaii for many years and the good here is just like a remember. Keep in mind this is Hawaiian "fast food". Had all the classics and then some. Highly recommend it. Also was inexpensive and nice size portions.
Spam...ok
Chicken...very good
Beef...very thin, tends to be inconsistent on flavor.
Mahi Mahi... Today it was horrible
Rice...good
Macaroni salad... Good

And that folks was my BBQ Mix plate today..
The taste of the food was ok but I wasn't even finished eating and started to feel sick.  I got the chicken katsu plate. Just left there maybe 15 minutes ago and as soon as I get to a bathroom I will be puking. No good.
Ordered short rib plate. Took 2 bites but the ribs were rubbery sand had a funny smell to me so I didn't eat them. The mac salad wasnt all that either. And then there was a roach inside as well. Doubt Ill be back.
Everything about this place was good, the employees, the menu, the food. I've tried other Spam Musubis around the area, best ones in my opinion are at this place. I've tried the chicken and steak from other Hawaiian food chains as well, nothing compared to these guys, there's a reason there #1
Yaye!  Another hole-in-the-wall find!  808 Hawaii Mixed Plate opened about a month ago, and with the recommendation of friends, we went there for lunch.

Their menu had all the typical hawaiian foods, and here's what we tried first:
1.  Loco Moco (Mini Size) - The perfect lunch time size.  What made this item a winner was the attention to detail.  The fried eggs were perfectly over easy and had a nice crispy edges on the egg that you don't get a many places.  The gravy was full bodied (haha, feel like i'm talking about wine) and flavorful.  The hamburger patty was cooked well done but not too dry.  The mac salad was not just the usual run of the mill mac salad.  It had was a happy combo of potato and macaroni!  How bomb tasty is that?  
2.  808 Special - So this is a mixed plate where you can choose two items (chicken katsu, sesame chicken, shoyu chicken, sauteed shrimp, hamburger steak, bbq pork, bbq beef, kalbi shortribs) with sides of salad and their yummy macaroni salad.  We chose sesame chicken, which was crispy and slighty sweet.  The sauteed shrimp flavor was reminiscent of the shrimp at Romi's on North shore (-minus the extra freshness and larger size of shrimp), so I guess you have a better than average shrimp on a smaller peeled-for-you-already shrimp.

Conclusion:  Will definitely go back to try the other items.  The food is definitely made with love of a Hawaiian mama, and she even came by to chat with us a bit.
Since the heat has arrived in all its sweaty glory, I decided to have the Somen Salad here.  It was perfect for the weather.  The greens were a mixture of all kinds of good stuff (not iceberg!  *pump fist) plus thinly slice ham bits, eggs, japanese fish cake, green onions, toasted sesame and carrots.  The dressing was fantastic.  I think it had a mixture of some sort of rice vinegar, soy sauce and sesame oil.  It was filling, refreshing and satisfying and you can even go low carb and ask for them to skip the somen part of it.
Stopped by for lunch today. We all got the sesame chicken. It came with rice and macaroni salad. The chicken was just meh. I didn't like that they put potatoes in their macaroni salad. 

The girl at the register was nice. I think it took almost 20 minutes for us to get our food.

I will probably come back to try some of the other items.
BF and I wanted a Hawaiian day and got poke at Poke Express and then grabbed a lunch plate to share. 

We got the 808 Special Mix Plate where you get to pick two meats, rice and mac for $9.50. We picked sesame chicken and shoyu chicken. 

It's not as fast as other mixed plate places. That I suppose is can be a good thing since it's freshly cooked. We had some poke to nosh on from Poke Express anyways while we waited. 

We bit into the sesame chicken and I thought it was supposed to have sauce so we asked if we can have some sauce. They said they were out of the sesame sauce...er, okay, thanks for letting us know when we got our order. I never had sesame chicken so I don't quite know now what it's really supposed to taste like. We asked for some katsu sauce then since it just needed something to dip the fried chicken in. Their katsu sauce is more tangy, almost ketchup-y compared to other places I've gone to. The shoyu chicken is 2  bone in thigh and it reminds me of Filipino adobo, but sweeter since it stews in the shoyu. The mac is interesting in that it has potato, and tuna in it...it's pretty good to me, but for some people who like plain mac might not be into it. 

Overall the place was an okay place to get plate lunch. I'm very curious how their lau lau and kalua pork stack up. Til next time- 3.5 stars.
One of my new favorite places to visit when I visit Vegas and want to get some local Hawaiian food. The service here is friendly. I ordered the mixed sesame chicken and shrimp mixed plate. Their servings are generous! I recommend asking for the chicken katsu sauce for their sesame chicken to dip in, tastes great. I plan to visit again on my next trip to Vegas.
808 is a "family-run" business with great Hawaiian-style food.  We love the place because of the food, the family, and the service.  One thing that most people need to understand is that the food does take time to prepare.  Everything is made when the order is placed.  It is NOT a "fast-food" type of place.  However, the quality is outstanding.  We go there at least twice a week and are "never" disappointed with what we order.  The somen salad is wonderful!!!  The beef stew is not your cookie cutter type of stew.  Those from Hawaii will just die when you taste their stew.  
They have started to have specials several times a week.  Oh, their fried chicken is sssoooo good.  The Korean Chicken is better than what we ate in Hawaii.  Oh, their pork is so good.  NO JOKE!!!!  They had meat loaf the other day and it was GREAT!!!  The owners even asked us what we thought would be good to have as a special.  What???!!!  Make the fried chicken, Korean chicken, and meat loaf daily specials.
The owners treat everyone as "Ohana" or family.  If you want great food, wonderful service, and Hawaii-type food in Las Vegas, GO NOW to 808 Hawaiian Mixed Plate.  Oh, Firday is so busy because they a have a Hawaiian plate with all the great local type grindz!!  If you are in a hurry, they always tell us to call ahead so the food the ready.
P.S  The Mom makes the "best" mac salad in the world.  I always get several orders to go!  I am NOT kidding about the mac salad.  The local moco is always ono (great tasting).
[updated review based solely on their beef stew]
I just came back from Oahu and got a chance to try Helena's Hawaiian Food's oh-so-bomb beef stew.  The weather has cooled down significantly in Vegas so, I just had to have my beef stew fix somewhere.  The beef stew was just as good as Helena's!!!  Two thumbs up!

p.s.  I was waiting for weeks, but they recently opened back up after the Ella Em's fiasco next door!  Hooray!
Service was as excellent as it could get. Ahi Katsu special was as good as it sounds. My daughter had the kalbi ribs that they cooked to her preference and even cut into little pieces which saved me about 20 mins. The  Mac salad has potatoes in it, nice touch. The fries were salty but delicious. Definitely headed back to try the garlic shrimp.
Absolutely Delicious. I had the mixed plate with Sesame Chicken and Chicken Katsu. Had enough sauce on the Sesame but wasnt over powering. The Katsu came with big pieces with a nice mayo type sauce i never had before. Reasonably priced and i left full. I didnt have the Spam Musubi but it looked fresh. Spam isnt my forte though. The waitress comes around to check on you. And you feel like family when your in there. I will go back there again.
Yet another great Hawaiian style plate lunch place that reminds me of home! Awesome food and great portions and prices as well. Phone orders available and choke parking as well. Wish it were a little closer to me but i cant be to picky haha. Places like this make me less homesick when in search of good comfort food from back home. The last time i went i ordered the Loco Moco, and wow the burgers were so thick and tender with the mac salad too! Definitely a winner!
I've been coming here twice a week for lunch the past few weeks. The food is awesome and affordable. It's way better than going to a fast food chain. 

I rotate between these:

Loco Moco mini $5.50
Hula Pack w/BBQ chicken $4.50
Shoyu Chicken mini $4.95

All the employees are nice. I call in my order so I don't have to wait. I don't even need to tell them my name anymore!
Best hawaiian food in town!!! Closest thing to home, I love this place!!! Everything is Da Kine!!! You will love this place, Pure Hawaiian Style!!! If you love Island food this is the best place to go to. Just check out the other reviews. Yummy, Yummy, and Yummy!!!! :) :)
Fried Noodles topped with Garlic Chicken - Yummers!!!!!
Just wish they had chicken breast - (way more healthier than chicken thigh)
My nephew got the Loco Moco and even though I never order that dish , it looked yummy as well.
We also tried a piece of their Mango Cream Cake = it was light and creamy
Cream Puffs - I like that this wasn't overly sweet either
Both desserts had the right amount of sweet but sadly they aren't always offered......
Gosh, Darn -  this place is not at all near where I live and I am just about never in this area but if I am, I know where I'm eating....
Aloha North Vegas Yelpers!

This is the closest place to me that offers local food.
I had a late lunch here last week with my guy. We both come from Hawaii and love local food.

I had the kaukau pack which is their version of a bento. I choose garlic ahi and sesame chicken. It comes with white rice and fried noodles. Great taste and reasonable price costing $8

My guy loves the korean chicken plate and Portuguese sausage here.
To me their version of Korean chicken is OKAY... I would suggest something else... like their garlic ahi!

Why -1 star?
super long wait... really long wait... did I mention there's a wait? 
and the menu is limited but I'm ok with quality, not quantity. 
I guess I wish there was more HAWAIIAN food on the menu, I say this is more of local food from Hawaii. I guess I had my share of other Hawaiian spots in the city, so I've been to places that has more variety.

This place reminds me of a place you would find in Hawaii. Very friendly staff! I love Hawaii people! One lady there reminds me of my grandma back home. Gotta love the aloha spirit!

Will I come back?
YES!
I'll probably call in my order a head of time to cut out the wait, now that I have their menu.

+ military drinks free! Indoor seating. Super Casual. Lots of free parking.

Mahalo 808 MP!

-Miss Yelp 2011
Yummy, cheap, a thousand times better than Panda Express or any other main-stream place (such as L&L). This is a very non-assuming joint in a big shopping center off of Craig in North Las Vegas, but if you find it, you have found a gem!

I went here on a lunch date with a friend of mine and we arrived just around 11:40 AM on a Friday. There were open booths/tables and a small line. We both took our time checking out the menu and decided to get one of their daily specials, the "808" special. You get two choices of entrees (however it is limited to certain ones), and your choice of slaw, rice, or a mixed green salad. 

My friend and I like to share so we thought this would be the best way for us to try a bunch of different things, so here's what we got:

Chicken Katsu
Shoyu Chicken
Grilled Salmon
Garlic Ahi
Spam Musubi (2)

My favorites were definitely the grilled salmon and the garlic ahi. The chicken was so-so. So I would absolutely reccomened the fish dishes over anything else here. The salmon seriously had this amazing flavoring in it that made it so yummy. My friend doesn't even like salmon and she said she liked this one. The musubi was good too and it had just come out fresh when we ordered ours.

I love that you can get a green salad here as a side. This one they had was great too - leafy greens, very fresh and with a nice side of dressing as well. 

If you live in the NLV area you should definitely make it a habit to come here. I know I'm going to be coming back.
Wow!  It's been a while since we've been back!  Sorry 808!  Brenton the Chef always has some awesome daily specials going on and their usual daily specials always hit the spot.

Today happened to be the daily special for ahi tofu patties.  It came highly recommended by all of the staff and they were not kidding!  The mixture of ahi tuna and tofu was the perfect ratio.  The breading was perfectly crispy on the outside and the mayo dressing drizzled on top was a fantastic compliment.  Both me and my man wolfed it down like there was no tomorrow!

Other good ol' standby's:
1.  Loco Moco - for gravy and ooey gooey egg lovers
2.  Hamburger Steak - for the savory gravy lover
3.  Beef Stew - for those cold winter days
4.  Saimin Salad 

Tip:  Looks like the word is spreading that they are tasty, so beware of long lines.  Plan accordingly and like other yelpers mentioned, it might not be so bad to call in and order ahead.

Conclusion:  It's a family run restaurant where they treat you like family and they feed you with comforting Hawaiian favorites.
Beautiful people, tasty food. You can't usually find quality Hawaiian food on the mainland. Real kalua pork, nice n smoky n not greasy! Now I know why they call LV the 9th island! Go!
You can not believe the eating delights that this "family" owned and operated eatery provides Tuesday through Sunday.  For those from Hawaii, you will not miss Hawaii food anymore because 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate serves "ONO" dishes better than the islands.  Their daily specials are just to "die for."  Their regular menu items have the taste of Hawaii all through it.  Home-style kind of "grindz."  
What I really enjoy is the freshly made to order (not pre-made, frozen stuff from the box).  I love their beef stew, kalbi short ribs, bbq (teri-style) chicken, and their "best-in-the-world" macaroni/potato salad and spam musubi.  Their noddle dishes are always a winner!  This great food comes at a price (not money), you may wait a little longer than for a MacDonald hamburger, but you lips will be doing a HAPPY dance once they taste the food.  NO KIDDING!!!  Oh, try their french fries with brown gravy.  Yes, brown gravy.  THE BEST brown gravy on this planet!!!  Oh, I forgot their loco-moco (rice, hamburger patty, brown gravy, and topped with a fried egg!
While watching them prepare your meal, you know they love what they are doing and they love to see the smiles on their customers faces as they take a bite of their "local" food.  It may not be the biggest place in Las Vegas, but the "bigness" is in their heart and soul as they ensure that we get the best "local-style" grindz in Las Vegas.
If you are from Hawaii and now living in the 9th island and have never been to 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate,  Bro, you're missing out.  Get in your car and go now!!!!
I love it when we are leaving the place, the workers thank us and wish us a great day!  What they don't realize, is that we had just topped off a great day by eating their wonderful food.  DON'T MISS OUT!  Let's get out and support our family owned eateries!!!!
Just a gem out in north vegas.  Very family friendly as the staff all seems to be related.  My first time had khalbi ribs (phenomenal) and sesame chicken.  The chef asked if I wanted a sample of korean chicken, I said yes, and was treated to the most succulent zingy delight ever.  I get it every time now.  You can get it as wings or he will do it with thigh meat.

The daily specials are always great, and prices per portion are legit.  I can't recommend it highly enough, especially in an area with very few unique spots like this.  Just go!
I LOVE Hawaiian mixed plate "BBQ." I was first introduced to this style of cuisine when my Aunt and Uncle decided to retire on Oahu. When I visited them in Oahu I found a "Hawaiian BBQ" joint and ordered the Loco Moco because the name sounded cool. I ended up sleeping away the better half of the afternoon but in all fairness, the Loco Moco was meant to alieve a righteous hangoever, which it accomplished quite nicely.

So I was totally stoked to find 808 which was just as amazing and authentic as the Hawaiian BBQ joints that are in Hawaii. To put them to the test, I ordered the Loco Moco, and true to expectations, it put me to sleep for the better half of a day (your are warned).

I returned on a second occasion and had the glazed, thinly sliced short ribs and they were absolutely amazing. This is definitely a new favorite; the prices are right, the food is great and the staff is friendly. Just go here ALREADY, Especially if you've "over indulged" the previous night!
Good local grindz, and close to the house too. Staff is super friendly, and very attentive to drinks and (with kids) messes.  _Prices are reasonable.  Can't beat that.

Wife had garlic chicken, she loved it. Kids always get spam musubi (when they order it, they pronounce it 'MOO-su-bi') and Saimin.  This was the first time I tried the Zippy's special, chili rice with hot dog. This chili is dang good, highly recommended. Rumor has it malasadas are coming, so we're patiently waiting. A shave ice machine wouldn't hurt too ;)
The food here is super tasty, portions are generous, and the staff is very courteous! I've never been to Hawaii, and haven't really wanted to go, but eating here makes me want to go just for the food!
Been here twice now and have not been let down.  My friends and I made sure to order different things and share to get the most for our money.  I like the daily specials the most, I had the garlic chicken w/miso mayonnaise and the seared furikaki ahi and both were as we say back in Hawaii "broke da mouth".  The location is inconvenient but worth the drive.  YUMMY!!!!
I ALWAYS got to come here whenever in town. Love their freindly service and the loco moco. I've tried their other dishes but can't seem to get away from deciding on loco moco :P Fair price for the serving you get of food you don't find everywhere. Highly reccomend!
I was craving lau lau and turned to yelp, which lead me to 808. They serve it on Friday's only . I've been here before awhile back so I knew the food would be good .  
     I chose the lau lau plate you have a choice of kalua pig , beef stew or tripe stew . I chose the tripe stew. It also comes with a little container of lomi salmon and rice of course.
     The lau lau had a big piece of pork and fat and a nice piece of butter fish.  Lau lau was avg size , pretty solid as far as lau lau goes.  
    The tripe stew was delicious it had celery , potato , carrots and tripe of course. 
                 The stew was a tad bit thin for me and needed more tripe, but the flavor was spot on , the moment I put the first spoonful in my mouth , my taste buds said WOW!
   Only if my wife ate tripe , I would be making it right now. 
     Oh yeah for an appetizer? I had to get a spam musubi , they were piled right next to the cash register(smart move 808) and I could not resist.
    It was a solid spam musubi with teri sauce and still warm :) 
    When the craving hits me for lau lau, I will make the long drive to 808:)
Sesame chicken plate you can go no wrong. Sticky rice on point, pan fried sesame chicken and probably the best mac salad in the ninth island...Just too bad that this place is at the outer reaches of sin city civilization...
Surprising find in North Las Vegas! Legit Hawaiian food cooked by islanders...I was quite impressed with the Korean chicken wings...although not as juicy as the ones from Island Flavor...the extra crunchy skin on the exterior helped me overlook that quickly.  Definitely in the running as one of the most flavorful Korean chicken dishes in Vegas.  They have the normal local plate items on the menu, but they also have daily specials that are outside the norm! I have yet to try other items, but I am sure to become a regular here especially since Poke Express and Ella Em's Soul Food are in the same complex.
You guys, I have found it. I've found the holy grail of satisfying lunches!

Before I get into why 808 is going to be the death of my latest pair of jeans, I will say the service is slow. This is a really family operation and they make everything to order. So when you finally make it over here, be patient and keep in mind that your food isn't being slopped around by some apathetic teenager making minimum wage. These people love to make food probably more than you love to eat it and it shows.

I haven't had a bad bite here yet (and I doubt I ever will), but the korean chicken wings have been my favorite so far. Crispy, savory goodness with this sauce that just.doesn't.stop! You can order the sauce mild or spicy but because I don't like to go back to work with deeply resonating heartburn, I always get mild. The fringe benefit of the sauce is it coats the rice underneath the chicken which kind of makes the rice like...second lunch!

I could write a novel on their macaroni salad, but since you are seconds from wandering away from this post, possibly in the direction of 808, I will say this: this is the macaroni salad to end all macaroni salads. Why? Because this mac salad has potato in it! Sure, other places might do it like this, but no one has the balanced tastiness that 808 has on theirs.

They have all kinds of home down Hawaiian specialties that will fill up your stomach and make your heart happy. Portions aren't for wimps, but all of the food is served in the styrofoam to go containers which make for easy transport if you can't shovel through your food like the rest of us. 

I won't be offended if you got up from your computer midway through this review to go to 808. If you did, my work is done!
GOOD FOOD.
I think 4 people work there including the owners. All of them are very nice and friendly. They remember your name and what you eat. The chef even pokes his head out of the kitchen-to-dining room window to say hi.
These are a few of my favorite things: Garlic shrimp, garlic chicken, bbq chicken, salmon, daily and weekly specials.
They give military discounts. A plus.
The only other Hawaiian restaurants I've been to in LV are L&L and Aloha Kitchen and let me tell you that 808 destroys those two. In fact, I never plan on going back to those other two places again because if I did, I'd be too busy wishing I was at 808 that I wouldn't be able to enjoy their sub-par food.
We stumbled upon this place because we were on our way to poke express. We figure this would be the perfect combination since we were missing Hawaii. 

The restaurant itself could be nicer, but it looks like any other l&l. The prices were decent. $10 for a mixplate....not too bad considering they give u big portions. 

My husband had the combination kalua pig and cabbage & beef stew. He didnt care for the kalua pig and cabbage, because a lot of it was just cabbage. I had their version of a zip PAC from zippys in Hawaii. I actually liked it. It was really close for me. I almost felt like i was eating a zip PAC. 

decent prices, the food was good (in my opinion), and the portions were pretty big.
In a nice shopping center we have a salmon special in the garlic ahi tuna.  They were both great!  About 25 dollars with a couple of sodas.
Show these people that service matters and go somewhere else.

Friendly!?!?! Who thinks they are friendly?  The little girl behind the counter is constantly frowning and leaves the counter unattended for way too long.  I love hawaiian food, but I will never go back to this place due to the service.  Other places are just as good.  

The last time I went in, I had a question about the specials, the little person just mumbled something and looked at me like I had 12 eyes and I couldn't have asked a dumber question.  When we tried to order, it tunred out they were out of whatever it was.  So the troll just pointed to a small white board that was half smeared off and hidden behind a plant that said they were out of whatever it was.

Every time I have gone here I've had to refrain from complaining, telling myself maybe she was just having a bad day.  I'll never go back.
I was pleasantly surprised at how great the food is here and the funny thing is we have been to other restaurants in the area and kept putting this one on hold. They are also so helpful and nice.  I tried their fried noodles with garlic chicken and was so good, also we tried their BBQ fries which comes as a dipping sauce and is SO YUMMY. We will definitely be back to try other items. What a great find!
There's a first time for everything...for the first time, we finally tried 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate. We enjoyed it so much on our first visit, we went back again a couple of days later. Aunty Norma is the one in charge of the kitchen with her son(I think), and Jocelyn runs the front, taking orders and serving guests. They are so nice and really make us feel at home always making sure our orders were up to par.

 So far, we've tried their Garlic Chicken, Furikake Ahi, Fried Saimin, Somen Salad
BBQ Fries, and Kalua Pig and Cabbage which were all so ONOLICIOUS!!! Yes there
can be a wait at times, but it is worth it. at least I know my food is made to order and not sitting in a warmer or under a heat lamp.

We will most definitely be back, especially to try their Lau Lau plate on Fridays and other ono grindz!...ALOHA!!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(279/365) "808 is GREAT!!!"
New found love with their furikake ahi...just lightly seared on the outside...very fresh wtih a nice creamy mayo furikake blend drizzled on top!  By far my favorite seared/fried ahi dish.  Much better than island flavors which often gets overcooked.  Also very decently priced around ~$10 for a good portion of ahi...versus island flavor which has raised the prices for ahi poke significantly.
During a whirlwind trip to Vegas recently, my friend, a Vegas local, took me to this spot.  It's very synonymous with L&L in California, both in name and theme.

The fast food restaurant was very ordinary and what you'd expect.  Simple bench seats, a front counter and a kitchen area.  No frills at all.

The employee working here lacked any sort of personality, to the point of appearing offended that we were in her business ordering. Later on, she warmed up, but it was an odd feeling like she hadn't really ever dealt with more than 1 person at a  time, ever.

**FOOD!**

The food was tasty.  Chicken and beef plates, but unlike Cali, none include the Kalbi Ribs, as everywhere else does.  I asked if they had these, they said yes, but it was a large amount of $$ more, and an extra 15 minute wait, so I declined.  

Overall, if I'm visiting Vegas, I'll probably stick to the tastiness on The Strip and eat this type of food in Cali.
By far, the garlic chicken with miso mayo is one of the most delicious things I have tasted in Vegas. It is basically chicken katsu fried to perfection and topped with some teriyaki/soy sauce (unsure of what exactly) and a miso mayo blend. The result is a complex, flavorful masterpiece. All I can say is: Wow, gotta try this.

The entrees come with a salad (I'd go with the green salad since it is a fresh alternative to the mac salad, which might make the meal too rich overall) and rice. There are also refills on drinks and great service. 

My friend and I brought in some poke from poke express next door and they didn't mind that we ate the poke with our meal (or they didn't know).

P.S. There is a military discount: 10%!
The best local food I have had in Vegas so far.  The quality of the food and the preparation is outstanding.  I have been there 3 times in the past month and everything I have tried was unbelievably tasty.  It is a good thing that this restaurant is way up north or else I would be there way too often and eating my weight in garlic chicken.

The first dish I had was the garlic chicken.  This dish is a must try.  Juicy and flavorful breaded chicken with miso mayo right on top.  So delish.  The chicken is similar to Mochiko chicken with the sweet teriyaki flavor in the breading.

The Shoyu chicken was good as well.  Extremely large portion with 4 chicken thighs soaking in the sweet sauce.  Reminded me of Rainbow Drive In on Oahu.  

I most recently ordered the Mahi Mahi plate lunch from their specials menu.  It is usually sold out so I had to order it when I saw it.  The fish is lightly breaded and you get the choice of garlic sauce or furikake crusted.  The furikake style was delicious and I really want to try the garlic sauce.  I think the garlic sauce is the more popular option.

I tried some of the beef teriyaki and that was prepared well too.  Thin strips of beef marinated with teriyaki sauce and barbecued to perfection.  

Everyone that works here is so nice.  It is run by a family and the daughter always mans the counter while her older brother cooks in the back with their mom and dad.  I believe that there are aunties and other relatives that cook as well.  Very cute!

I realized 3 visits in that they offer military discount!  10% off would have saved me some money.  At least now I know.  I guess my biceps weren't big enough for her to ask if I was military.  Gotta hit the gym.

PS. I like to hit up Poke Express in the same plaza to eat some delicious ahi or salmon poke with my meal.  Makes it official... best meal ever.
I was reluctant to try Hawaiian food after my awful experiences at L&L BBQ. At L&L, the meat is cheap and the dishes are so salty  -- GARBAGIO!

However, after reading reviews on 808 -we decided to give it a try. WOW-- this place is great! My family and I tried the following three dishes:

1. BBQ chicken plate (GOOD!)
2. BBQ beef plate, (GREAT!) and 
3. Korean spicy wings ( UNREAL!). 


All three plates came with white rice and a macaroni/potato salad combo. Both the chicken and beef plates were not fatty, and cooked just right. I have never seen my wife completely finish her plate before.......IMPRESSIVE!

My dish was the Korean wings which were crazy good. They wings were so meaty, and cooked to perfection. I chose the spicy version which were sweet with a little kick of chile. TIP--- Get an extra side of Korean sauce to dip your wings in......

**** This is a family-owned business and everyone is so nice. They made sure to check on us throughout our lunch, and were so pleasant to talk to. I can't say enough good things about this place-- I love it here. 

Our lunch came out to $24.00 for three lunches and 1 fountain drink. Please go to this restaurant, and support this hidden gem.
How can I not rate this as a five star choice? 

Staff- Amazing and family owned  CHECK!
Food- Delish beyond belief   CHECK!
Setting - Clean and uncluttered  CHECK!

I ordered the bbq beef mini plate. This beef was so awesome that I stuffed myself more than I wanted to for lunch. I didn't eat the rest of the day. I wanted to run around the restaurant wearing the bbq beef on my face like that Buffalo Bill guy from Silence of the Lambs who was making the flesh suit. "Put the lotion in the basket!!!". Yeah, him. It was THAT good.
On a wednesday afternoon, lunch break, I had the garlic chicken miso mayo large for 7.78 (10% military discount)

- VA friendly! if you work there, you get the 10% off.
- Safe for a lunch break. It takes 15min just to get there. EAT fast.
- Cute little hawaiian kid opens the door for me and welcomes me in. nice service!
- Timing is everything. ready quick! about 7min. 
- 2 rice scoops, 1 mac salad scoop, and the chicken.
- miso mayo is great! love the flavor. good after taste. KISSS! garlic :)
- HAWAIIAN appettite fail. small portion. no doggie bag? I actually finished ALL my food.
- Overall, great taste and friendly service. The chef actually patted my back and asked if I liked the food..lol. 
- Would be 5 if more chicken. cmon...
Really good food. Owners friendly. -2 stars because they NEVER ever have spam musabi. Usually they say "oh they run out fast" one time I came in even earlier like 12pm they'd already run out. How do you have a Hawaiian place open and run out of that? Make more duh. It doesn't even take a lot of time. I'm sure this isn't an issue for most people because spam musabi is like a Hawaiian local thing (even gas stations sell it in Hawaii) but honestly it's like an American goes to McDonald's and theyre told they've run out of French fries for the day. 

WTF!!!!!!!!!!!! Sorry I really love my musabis. It's the ultimate sidekick to their really good plate lunches. Too bad they never have it ......
Yet another establishment I might not have tried if I hadn't found their awesome rating on Yelp...even though I frequented Teriyaki Madness a few suites over plenty for a while.

808 Hawaii Mixed Plate has some of the greatest Hawaiian BBQ dishes I've had. If the wait time wasn't so long, I would have easily given them a 5 stars. However, every time I've gone, it's been about a 45 minute wait from getting in line to order to getting the food. Usually I'd be a little ticked off by this, but once I take a bite of the food that's a little bit of heaven, it's nearly erased from my mind.

The garlic chicken...I can't even begin to describe it. It's so delicious; seasoned well and accompanied by such a unique and tasty sauce. The short ribs are pretty good as well. Also, the macaroni salad is different than most Hawaiian BBQ places I've had. In my opinion, it's better. Not bland or too creamy. 

I totally recommend trying this place out. If you can, call first! Sadly, I haven't been able to find their menu online anywhere. Doesn't mean you can't ask them. The girl working behind the counter has always been super nice.
My boyfriend and I don't talk to each other when we're eating at 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate. $8.50 for a regular furikake chicken plate, with the option of side salad or mac salad. Came in super hungry after a grocery run (always a bad idea), and they made me feel like I was back home in Hawai'i Nei. "Need more water? Need more soda?" a lovely waitress would ask every now and then as we waited for our orders. Scarfed my food down in 10 minutes, tops, rice included.

My boyfriend always orders the chicken with the miso-mayo sauce that everyone writes reviews about. I can ascertain that it is good; I swapped 3 of my chicken pieces for 3 of his sauce-laden chicken pieces.

Definitely try this place out, they will make you feel like ohana.
We have many favorite places to eat in Hawaii (Da Kitchen, Mark's Place, Minnie's Aloha Style, etc.).  Thank goodness Las Vegas is the "9th Island" because 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate is ONO.  I was fortunate enough to try the pan roasted pork, which is not a regular menu item.  Very soft and packed with flavor.  The portions are generous and I've never had a better mac salad... maybe it's the shredded carrot?  808 is family owned and run business.  Had a chance to chat with them a bit and found they are from Oahu.  Very friendly and the person cooking comes out occasionally to talk to customers.  808 is now a regular stop for us in LV.
Really, really, really bad... that was three. Horrible service. Very rude and there were ants everywhere!!
Out running around today and my husband and I decided we wanted a plate lunch.  We always seem to be on Craig road, so sure enough when we spoke of our craving, we both said out loud, 808 mixed plate!  And we headed there right away.

Todays special was the Mahi mahi plate.  It was very good with a sesame drizzle and green onions. Two scoops of rice, and mac salad.  I enjoyed the meal, and the staff were friendly, you can tell they make their food with the aloha spirit.
Whoa!  Three words. Miso. Garlic. Chicken.

I have only been here twice because unfortunately it's way on the other side of town for me as I reside in the Southwest area of Vegas.  But after the first time I tried their Miso Garlic Chicken, I drove my a** back there to get it again.  Yes!  It's that good.  I've also tried their Ahi Tuna, Musubi, and their Siamin soup; all are really good too.

This place is a definite must try if you're in the neighborhood.  It's not your normal L&L BBQ joint that sells Hawaiian food; the quality here stands way taller!  Customer service goes beyond limits as well!  Super nice!  I'll be back for sure; and yes, the drive is worth it!
DAMN - I did thoroughly enjoy my food here!  

I am not sure why but I Love Hawaiian BBQ, even though I have to use spell check just to spell "Hawaiian."  

I had the garlic chicken.  A healthy portion of fried boneless chicken thighs topped with a mayonnaise based sauce. (I had to spell check mayonnaise too --- 2 "n's")  It was crispy, juicy, and tasty!  The dash of sesame seeds was a nice touch.  I tasted a hint of sesame oil, too.   Then of course 2 scoops of rice and mac salad.  It was all good!

I like this place.  It is family owned.  Prices are about average.
This place was pretty good for hawaiian BBQ. The people who work there/own the restaurant are very friendly.
Stopped by after some last minute Halloween shopping at a nearby party store. From what I can see from their menu, this is not your typical hawaiian BBQ place with all the same typical plates and combos. This one had a bunch of stuff I've never heard of and it took me a while to figure out what I was going to order.

I didn't wanna ask questions because they'd probably look at me weird for not knowing what a certain item was (people think I'm islander all the time). So I played it cool and ordered something called a pack? But they ran out of packs for the day so they subbed the noodles for rice and macaroni salad instead.

Let me tell you, the 3 mile drive home from that place felt like the longest drive of my life! After taking a peek and a whiff of my box at the first stop sign, I couldn't wait to get home and tear this thing up. And it was good. I had BBQ beef and chicken katsu and both were delicious. Their food has that home cooked touch to it that you don't get at the other Hawaiian BBQ places. I'm really glad I went with them when I decided to cheat on my diet. Can't wait to try the other dishes that my fellow yelpers recommend on my next cheat day...which will probably be tomorrow.
This is a great find in Las Vegas.  It's a bit of a drive for those of us that live in Summerlin but it's worth it!  

We drove out there for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon.  Three of us ordered the garlic chicken with miso mayo and I ordered the won ton min.  The chicken blew my family members away.  Wonderful flavor and great mac salad to boot.  I really enjoyed the won ton and the saimin noodles in my soup.  The rest was a little too salty for me, but good noodles alone are worth it for me and besides, others might not think too much of the sodium.  The broth flavor is very traditional Hawaiian flavor and even has seaweed in it, kamaboko, sweet egg, green onion and ham plus char shiu.  Sadly, they were out of the Hawaii-imported fried saimin.  The friendly lady there said they get shipped in every Thursday and the person who took the order had been out the previous week.  Next time fo sure!  

It took an unusually long time for my family to get their chicken.  The same lady above kept saying sorry and even offered to heat up my soup for me and gave us a free piece of pumpkin cake!  I was blown away.  Over the top customer service.  She even chatted us up about the part of the Islands she's from.  (We are from the middle of Oahu.)  All in all, a great experience!  I even bought a t-shirt!
The Boyfriend and I were looking for a quick and fun lunch date in North Vegas and I came across 808 on Yelp. I was very disappointed in this place for so many reasons, the first being the short but rediculously SLOW line at the register. Upon reaching the register, the midget-girl working the register had a rude attitude and was wearing oversized mens shoes, as she told me the short ribs I wanted to order would take 20-30 minutes because as she put it "there are a lot of food orders ahead of you", which translated into a big fat F U. Uhm, OK.....if I wanted to wait half an hour to eat I would've stayed home and cooked! Lame. So I ordered the Kahlua pork and my BF ordered the garlic chicken. 

Someone's nice grandma in house slippers delivered my lunch to the table. Just my plate. Call me crazy, but when two people sit down to eat, it's nice to have your meals brought out together, not 15 minutes apart. It really detracted from the whole date part of our lunch. Having all that time to sit there and look around the place, it was pretty disorganized and dirty. I felt bad for dragging the BF to this crap hole for lunch when we dont get that much time together as it is. I didn't care for the pork, so I didn't eat it, the Mac salad was good, and BF liked his chicken. 

Yeah, won't be going back. Yuck.
No thanks.
Can't go wrong. Good flavor. Good portion. Good pricing.
Just sucks that its soooo far.
We love this place!! Good food and good service...the wait is a little long but that's because they make it as u order...fresh:) portion size is good..true Hawaii style home cooking.
Garlic Ahi!!

Yes, their Garlic Ahi is the main reason I come here.  So good that I sometimes get two orders for myself.  The mini's portions are a bit small, so get the regular order if you decide on their Garlic Ahi.  

I've also tried their Spam Masubi, Katsu, and Loco Moco. You can't go wrong with their Katsu and Loco Moco.  Portions are huge.  Cheeseburger in PH probably has a bigger Loco Moco, but 808 is pretty close.  Must be at least a pound of ground beef in their Loco Moco's.  

Service here is always great.  I noticed that everyone is greeted on the way in, on the way out, and even sometimes while you're eating.  Prices are just about the same with everyone else, but remember you get the larger portions here.  One thing I noticed is that food takes a little longer to cook here.  Add a couple of people in front of you and your order can feel like an eternity to come out.  Food is still worth the additional 10 minutes here and I definitely recommend.  

If you're in the mood for Hawaiian, you can't go wrong here.  

Only Issues:
-No brown rice.
-Not open on Monday:  Not their fault, but I tend to crave for Hawaiian on Monday's.  Now I know and knowing is half the battle.
This is my new Hawaiian spot!

all the reviews mentioned the garlic chicken and man it was delicious! i added noodles and wow it had bacon in it! amazing noodles, bbq chicken is great. the bbq beef should be sliced.

i will be back for sure!

also regarding customer service i told them this was my first time and asked many questions. they answered them all without any attitude.
Great food and service. One of the girls even gave my son a quarter for the little toy machine. I love their spam musubi! My son loves the food, my husband loves the food and we have been here twice now:)
You want ono grinds, come get some @ 808 Mixed Plate!
Store Front - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas?select=ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmA#ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmA

Disclaimer: All my cousin SE & I ordered was da' Mixed Plate Combo, winnahs!
(BTW - We had just picked up about $40 worth of poke from Poke Express, just a few doors down.)
Poke Express (N Las Vegas) - http://www.yelp.com/biz/poke-express-north-las-vegas

In between the ono'licious garlic chicken, kalbi short ribs, mac salad & hot rice... 'AND poke!!
We ate like Kamehameha! Buggah was good.
Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas?select=ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmA#3OxIl0-t0Q0pyTyjjg4Jbg
(I stay drooling ova' my keyboard reminiscing about that lunch... *sigh)

Like most local Hawaiian kine places, very low-key, no frills, simple... 'With ono kaukau. ("good food")
Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas?select=ci2E-6mPrUh3k0WQOpkUmA#hOqvox8j6KcMXhY5DSjbPQ 
Wasn't too crowded. I was surprised that they did not offer KERNS PoG - Passion Orange Guava, a local staple. (shrugs) Whateva', no worries! 

Great plaza - Plate lunch & poke?!... 'No can lose bruddah!!

- Big Aloha!

Food: 5
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3
Value: 5
This place is sooooooooo goooooood. The only complaint I have about this place is that they close too early. Otherwise, the food is spectacular, the prices are good for such a large amount of food, and the customer service is excellent. Will miss this place greatly when I move out of the North.
Nice service here! Food is delish & staff are friendly. Very laid back with island music playing. Orders are placed at the counter and you serve your own drinks. Food is then brought to your table. I tried the BBQ beef, BBQ chicken, noodles & kalua pork.... yummy!
Best hawaiian food in town.
This place is just like all the other Hawaiian spots in town.  The only thing that sets them apart is Uncle Willie's chicken special, and they hardly ever make it.  I understand it's a special, but I think they would get way more business if they made it a weekly thing.  I even heard many people asking for it last time I was there and were also disappointed it wasn't being served.  MAKE UNCLE WILLIE'S CHICKEN A REGULAR THING!

Edit: So after adding my 2 cents in on yelp, the people at 808 mixed plate actually listened!  they emailed me letting me know when their special uncle willy's chicken was going to be made.  We took the drive from Henderson (which was a lot better knowing they actually would have it) and had a delicious dinner.  It was so yummy, and I even heard more people order it while we were there (for a second, I thought I was the only one)  so thanks to the power of yelp, and the people at 808 hawaii mixed plate that take their reviews seriously!  I really appreciate it!  I can't wait to go
Wow...
Got to wonder where the crowd is? This place is is great, it should be packed all the time.  The shrimp was as close as you could get to stepping up to the truck on the north shore of Oahu. The wasabi dipping sauce for the fish was killer. The place is clean, the people are super nice and it's fast. All the food we got was delicious.
I ordered take out for lunch.  There was a party of 3 already sitting at a table waiting for their lunch.  I ordered a Chicken Katsu plate and a Kalbi plate and paid at the counter and waited almost 20 minutes for my food. They offer a military discount since they are fairly close to Nellis Air Force Base in North Las Vegas.

About a dozen Spam Musubi were sitting on the counter.  They were still warm.  I picked up 2 of them.  They were sweet and melt-in-your-mouth goodness.

The Chicken Katsu looked like it had been refried.  It was pretty dark and dried out.  It was served wih a red ketchup-like sauce rather the sweet brown sauce that I am used to with Katsu.

The Kalbi was cut up into small strips which was nice.  It wasn't charred because I asked for it to be grilled medium.  It was a little fatty and over seasoned.  For $12, it was a little pricey.

Both entrees were served on a bed of rice with a scoop of rice and macaroni salad.
I would give them another try.  I just wouldn't order either dish again.  There are so many Hawaiian restaurants to try.
great hawaiian spot in north las vegas. Had the hi-style beef and garlic chicken. Food came out within 10 minutes. Great service. Garlic Chicken was the highlight of my meal. It hit the spot.
It's hard to find a decent grilled tuna (ahi) without paying a fortune for a meal. I've been to a few Hawaiian style restaurants, this is my new favorite. I waited for my Garlic Ahi (tuna), they will give you an option if pan fried or grilled. I picked grilled. You also have an option if mini (1 scoop of rice) or regular (2 scoops). I waited for a good 12 minutes for my food. 
I ate my food non-stop and finished it in less than 10 minutes, it was so good. Ahi was seasoned just right, grilled just right, rice was not overbearing with garlic flavor. It was just perfect. I would have paid $26-30 for it in a nice strip restaurant. I paid around $9.50. Although there are other meals between $6.00-9.00, I was so glad I ordered this. This establishment has a bright future. Will definitely come back.
Friendly service great food, must try the spam musubi. Another note is they're closed Mondays
The staff is sweet and the food is great. I tried the chicken katsu and the sauce is sweet and the chicken is very crunchy. It's clean and reasonably priced. This was my first time having Hawaiian food and I will be coming back.
First time here thanks to Yelp, and I like it. The environment is nice and chill as well as the customer service. Food was delicious. Got the garlic chicken that everyone was raving about and it didn't disappoint. I would recommend it for a quick eat if you, like me, didn't feel like waiting at a loud packed restaurant.
Actually got served undercooked chicken, kind of raw. Never will go back.
my addiction miso garlic chicken and ahi tofu patty combo..im not a big rice eater at all but when it comes to this combo plate gotta have the furukaki rice..yummy.
This has got to be the best Hawaiian restaurant that I've been to.  The food is very tasty and it's close to home.  It's in the same shopping complex as Poke Express.  Hawaiian goodness in one area!

We got there to place a to-go order.  I'm not sure why I didn't call to place my order but oh well.  The kalbi takes 20 minutes but it was soooo worth the wait.  It was juicy, tender, a bit fatty and the flavor was great.  The Spam musubi was alright - it had a bit too much rice though.  The garlic chicken was also good, lightly breaded but it wasn't as garlicky as I would have liked.  Good thing I also got the GARLIC AHI - it was sooooo good.  The fish was fresh and the flavor was AMAZING.  It was topped with toasted garlic.  Easily, the best item on their menu!  

Their portions are generous.  I wanted to finish my food but it was just too much.  I'll keep coming back for more garlic ahi though.  Yes, it's THAT good!
Ok if anyone's seen my other reviews for places I don't give a 5 star lightly. I take into account price, quality, and quantity. We accidentally stumbled into this place because poke express was closed. It was fate intervening and wanting us to try this little piece of Hawaii in Vegas. I had the mixed plate with Kalbi and garlic chicken. My husband had the moco loco and katsu chicken...we also got a taste of the Uncle Willy's katsu and cream puff made of Okinawa potato and chantilly cream...my mouth is watering again just talking about it. The Kalbi wasn't the usual thin piece of meat...the meat was thick, juicy, and I had more meat than rice to eat with!  The uncle willys katsu was crispy and a little bit honey. My friends bought two servings to go it was so delish! I know this is going to sound insane...but their food is better than any Hawaiian food I had in Hawaii...ok minus the macademian pancake and garlic shrimp food truck. I'm so happy that I don't have to fly 12 hours to Hawaii to get good Hawaiian food! It's now only 6 hours away and here in Vegas :)
Great Kalbi Short Ribs here!

These were super thick cuts...steak like! 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas?select=Om0WsPU8yTKLX35G-3nUxw

Cooked perfectly to order, with lots of flavor and juices! Very fatty though, but just eat around it to get all that goodness. These took a solid 20min to prepare and cook to a great medium rare, but it was worth the wait.  A little spendy at a solid $15, but it is more like a steak than your average kalbi order.

I tried some of the Garlic Ahi, and it was amazing!  Very tender, sushi grade ahi, but with a gorgeous sauce covering it.  Packed with flavor...it was very very good...and I plan to order it next time I am here!

Musubi had too much rice though.  It was like a double decker...with twice the rice needed for an enjoyable musubi.

Gotta be one of the best Hawaiian spots in town :)

I'll be back!
Upon scouring LV for the best kalbi ribs the city has to offer, I was disappointed until I went to 808 Mixed Plate.  My younger bro went to the restaurant a few days before and ordered the korean chicken wings and the garlic chicken w/noodles.  My bro loved the dishes and said he would be back there so I asked him if they had any Kalbi ribs there.  My bro mentioned they did and they looked different to any other Kalbi ribs he had so I was intrigued.

So I looked through the reviews and notice a lot of them mentioning the time spent waiting for their orders.  Before I set out to find the place, I called ahead my order and proceeded to make the drive there.  When I arrived at the shopping plaza, I had a hard time locating the restaurant, lol.  I parked and went inside the place.  It was an hour before closing and I was the only customer there to my surprise.  The atmosphere of the restaurant had an aloha feel to it =)  I mentioned my name and sure enough my order was ready for pick up.  I went home right after and went to work =P Yup, the meal portions is huge and very justifiable to price of the meal.  Needles to say maybe ordering the mini place is the better decision for me.

My only other criticism for 808 Mixed Plate is the temperature of the restaurant as it was pretty cold and I was concerned how long my meal was sitting on the counter.  But my fears were quickly erased as I took my first bite =)

Overall, 808 Mixed Plate is a great family owned restaurant worthy of 5 stars =)
You can say I'll be frequently here to satisfy my Hawaiian/local food cravings.
Extremely disappointing. My family and I drove all the way from the bay area because a friend of mine recommended we try this place. She raved about it. I was not impressed. Out of all the Hawaiian spots I've been to 808 seemed to have really small portions and I was still hungry after and it was pretty pricey. I will say this the Beef was tasty that's about it.. Will I come back? Probably not.

Aloha 808.
Not bad.  Food is cooked to order and fresh.  The place is decorated a little weird, but they are very friendly.  I would eat there again.
I love Poke Express and they told me I should try 808 Hawaii Mixed plate.  I had gone there once a year ago and had a bad experience. I entered and asked if I could order just meat. (I had a party to go to and had plenty of time, I was willing to wait.) Anyways, the lady working literally started yelling at me that I need to order stuff like that ahead of time. (A simple, no would have done.) So I walked out and vowed never to return.  But, since I enjoy the atmosphere and food at Poke express I decided to give 808 another chance.

Food: Very average plate lunch with below average portions.  I ordered the Kalbi and garlic chicken.  Personally I did not enjoy how they served the Kalib. It was sliced up for me. I like Kalbi in part because I like ripping the meat of the bones. Also, they asked how I wanted it cooked and I replied rare (I was impressed this was even an option.)  It came out very well done, so well done that it ruined a nice cut of meat. The flavor was ok, but nothing special.  The garlic chicken was average, nothing special at all.  The mac salad was above average. The rice was very disappointing, it was very dry; nothing like buck shot rice to ruin a plate lunch!

Service:  The short girl at the counter has to go. She must have been having a bad day. She seemed very irritated when I asked the price of the Kalbi and acted upset she had to look up the days price.   

I went with my cousin and her friend both who are white, I am hapa.  Anyways they ordered before me and they girl at the counter didn't know they were with me.  So when we say down, they brought both of them their plates.  I have never seen such small portions!!!  Serious a Mini plate and every other local food place I have been is bigger than what these girl got!  They ordered Kalua pig and teri beef. Literally looke like a half scoop of rice, a half scoop of mac salad and maybe a have cup of the meats they ordered.   When I got my plate 15 minutes later, I had 2 big scoops of rice and a huge scoop of mac salad. My meats were very small portions. I don't know why my plate was so much bigger than theirs. I hope it wasn't because I looked hapa and they don't.

Overall: The food was below average, the portions were very skimpy, and the service was anything but the spirit of Aloha. They need to take lessons from the cousins at Poke express on service and portions.  If I want local food, first choice cook it myself. If I am too lazy, I would take any other place I have been over this place.
Husband had the garlic chicken.  I tried 808 Special with Kalua Pork & Cabbage and Korean Chicken Wings.  Both orders came with rice and a choice of macaroni or tossed greens.  We got one of each.  The garlic chicken was delicious!  The Korean Chicken Wings were delicious.  The macaroni was ok, nothing fancy.  The tossed greens is a small salad with chopped lettuce, carrots, tomatoes, and cucumbers.  The dressing was oily and barely had a flavor.  The Kalua Pork was very bland.  It didn't have much of a flavor, either.  The lady who served us was very friendly.  I would be willing to go ack and try other dishes.
If your in the mood for Hawaiian food and your on the North side of Las Vegas, this is the place! Garlic Chicken and Kalbi ribs are quite tasty!
Love love love his place!  The korean chicken, spam musubi, katsu chicken, bbq beef, fried samion, and garlic chicken are all really good. Haven't had the kalbi ribs yet bcause it takes alittle longer for them to cook and I'm usually getting it to go but I hear they are real good.  The people that work here are super nice too.  First hawaiian food resturant I've eaten at and I'm hooked!
Great Spam Musubi.
Good food and the people are very nice!
Garlic chicken=omg delicious!

If you're tired of the typical chicken katsu, I suggest you try the garlic chicken! It's mouthwateringly amazing.

Service is always great and the workers are quite friendly and nice. I have never had a bad experience here regardless of whether or not I ate in or got togo.
My wife and I are from Hawaii and we have been looking for a good Hawaiian food place for a long time- not the generic, (owned by people that are not from Hawaii) "L&L, or Ono's" - they don't understand what local food is supposed to look and taste like! We have been looking for local food that is currently being served in Hawaii, but here on the mainland- well, we hit the jackpot!!! This place is so good, we would probably eat here 3 times a week if we lived in Vegas!!! The chef is a gourmet chef from Hawaii and "gets it" - he's on top of what's happening now and makes it with a gourmet touch- We would eat here if it were IN Hawaii!!! - seriously fresh and tasty - not generic or over greasy, and they live up to their name "mix plate" - which is hard to find in some so called "Hawaiian food" places! You can mix just about any thing on the menu! - now that's real Hawaiian style!! - also, they make their own desserts!!! if they have it, you must get the "Haupia square" - its probably the best dessert we have ever had! And we are foodies!!! - If you crave good Hawaiian local food, you must try this place!!! - Aloha!!
I still dream of their Garlic Chicken...I'm going to sleep right now!
Hubby and I moved to North Las vegas a few months ago and the one thing we really miss are all the great restaurants in the southwest side of town.  So, we were definitely glad that we found an authentic Hawaiian "plate lunch" type restaurant ! :)  
I love their garlic chicken with garlic miso, my husband love their beef stew ! 
Tip: Look for the daily specials posted on the side :)
Oh my god this place is so good. Really, save yourself some money and skip all the $60 Vegas buffets. Just a comment on Vegas food besides buffets-- or at least for this place-- so much food for so cheap!

I agree with all the other reviews and want to recommend the garlic chicken. It's not really garlic-y. I can't really describe it, but it's more like a sweet and sour chicken with some tangy miso dressing. SUPER BOMB. Just get it. I've never had Hawaiian food in my life, but it definitely blends in with my familiar Asian food norm. 

The other entree I got was the chicken katsu. I was a bit hesitant at first because there were so many other exotic options. Personally, it was a great choice for me, since the others said that the loco moco was too salty, and since it wasn't traditional Japanese curry katsu, I still got to try something new. 

Sides-- pick rice and salad. The other combo is mac and potatoes. If you get that, everything would just be too heavy (in my opinion).
Omg so many items on their menu. I wished that I could order everything.   Breakfast is served all day  

Okinawiian sweet potato coco puff in the fridge by the sodas. Mmmmm I wished I wasn't doing errands all day or else I would of gotten some. 

So many choices that I couldn't decide what to get the fried saimin with garlic chicken because a lot of the reviews said it was the best. Boy am I glad I did. It was sooooo good. Reminded me of home. The portion was huge and I hardly made a dent in it. The garlic chicken had some kind of garlic mayo over it. I think next time I may ask for it on the side. The chicken was very flavorable. The fried saimin was so ono. 

I will definitely be back and want to try the garlic ahi.
Most Hawaiian places have the usuals: loco moco, chicken katsu, spamasubi, etc. The nice surprise from this place was the garlic chicken.

Sometimes it's hard to stray from what you know will be good. I was very tempted by the loco moco, because it's hard to be disappointed.

They give a lot of chicken. At first, I thought they give you too much because the chicken part was super full, but then I looked under and it there was rice. Usually such a trick would sadden me, but this time I was actually happy. Mostly because I like rice with my meat and the ratio seemed off at first.

The chicken was somewhat sweet. It was a good sweet, and nicely cooked.  It went really well with their spicy mayo sauce.
Best hawaiian/local food here in vegas! Drove from   south side just to try it out and it was worth the drive! I had the lau lau and kalua pig plate. Lomi lomi salmon was soooo good! Perfect for me. The garlic chicken with miso sauce was so bomb! Especially the garlic seared ahi, best fish I've had! I'm gonna finish this review off with saying the mac salad is hands down the best in vegas! It tastes just like my all time favorite (back at home in hawaii) from Zippy's. I will be coming here whenever I feel homesick. And I just moved here
A place that makes you feel like home. Aunty Pili & her son runs the place along with Aunty Norma. The wifey an I are there every Friday's & sometimes Saturday's for lunch & dinner. An you might see somebody you know........
808 has replaced L & L as my favorite hawaiian food establishment. For most plates you'll be looking to spend between $9 to $13, with the Kalbi beef short ribs being $15. However, every cent is worth it. Each entre comes with 2 scoops of white rice and your choice of macaroni salad or tossed green salad. The tossed green is actually impressive, complements the meal very well for those looking to save the calories. The portions of meat are large and very filling. My wife and i just today had the kalua pork, katsu chicken, kalbi ribs, and garlic chicken and each dish tasted absolutely divine. I personally chose the ribs and garlic chicken based off the hype from other reviews and they did not disappoint one bit; absolutely delicious. The service was friendly and all 4 meals were expertly prepared in about 10 minutes and were clearly freshly made. Thank you 808!
It's your standard Hawaiian food with the exception of the garlic chicken.  It's the best thing here and the portions are huge. Also the kalbi is decent but just a little too fatty.
Best taste of Hawaii I've had in a long time. Looking for something that's somewhat authentic head here. It is bombDOTcom!
Awesome mixed plate joint, they have great selection and nice laid back atmosphere. We will miss all the good Hawaiian food in LV when we move.
Was not good at all. The beef that I got was full of fatty pieces that were uneatable. I was disappointed in the Mac salad as it had way too many potatoes in it, should of been called potato salad. I left hungry and had to pick up food on the way home.
Eat at L&L?  You should think about eating here at 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate instead.  Nothing against the Mickey D's of the plate lunch crowd, but at least 808 is owned by some legit Hawaii folks, not franchised.  Yes, the Chinese owners of your local L&L CAN change your Hawaiian food and make it taste different.

Came here one night for dinner.  Lots of Hawaii locals, so you know it just may be a place to go for some ono eats.  Yelp, why did you just red underline the word ONO for me?  You would have figured by now your review section knows it means yummy!

Was near closing, and there was still a nice little line.  Luckily, what I came for they still had.  Other reviewers rave about the garlic chicken, and they weren't wrong.  This buggah was good!  Ordered a regular plate of this and wasn't sorry.  Pan fried, marinated chicken thighs, topped with miso-mayo sauce...BOMB!  And when you say garlic, it means GARLIC.  Flavored all the way through with that stinking rose!  So if you don't like garlic, either stay away, or order an extra scoop of rice or macaroni salad to balance out the kick.  Good for me that I love garlic.  Very good dish.

The wifey ended up with a $6 bento with fried saimin, Spam, teriyaki chicken, and a scoop of rice.  Tiny portion if you ask me, but it was enough for her.  The fried saimin had good flavor, and a hint of sweetness.  Put some cracked black pepper on top and you're ready to go.  She enjoyed it overall.

Menu at 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate is very similar to other Hawaiian joints like L&L and Aloha Kitchen.  Basics like teriyaki beef, chicken katsu, kalbi, and sesame chicken all on the list.  Specials can change daily but are plentiful and often varied.  I've seen:

-Pan roasted mahi mahi
-Misoyaki butterfish (like you find at Roy's)
-Oxtail soup (I must try)

Prices are reasonable, and will probably set you back around the $20-$25 dollar range for two people depending on what you order.  You get just enough food to fill your tummy.  But I wish the portions were a bit larger.  If you look on their Facebook page you should be able to order from 808 online with little hassle.  Or just call their phone number and place it that way.  They also do catering for your next party or keiki's 1st luau!  

Service was good, as one of the owners came around after our meal to ask us how everything was tasting.  It was after their closing time of 9:00 PM, but she told us no worries, and to take our time to 'talk story'.  Much mahalos for the love aunty, we will be back!
My soon-to-be-husband had a Hawaiian craving while we were visiting, so we decided to check this place out.

The place wasn't crowded at all.  There were about three other parties dining in.  We placed our order and we were definitely not prepared to wait 30 minutes for our food.  I kept telling my fiance, "this ish better be shut my ass up with all these complaints I'm having."  

Finally, our food arrived and I didn't say sh*t else.  :) 

Yes, it was THAT good.  

[the garlic chicken and sauteed shrimp are AMAZING]
2 words, GARLIC CHICKEN! I found this awesome Hawaiian joint through Yelp and I'm sure glad I did because the garlic chicken is absolutely delicious. I don't live in the area, but I do work 10 minutes away so I've gone here once on my lunch break and another time after work. The chicken is amazing with breading almost identical to mochiko chicken. The garlic sauce is described as being "miso garlic" and isn't too overwhelming garlicy. They add chopped green onions to the top which give it a little bit of extra crunch and flavor. I may try the other items on the menu, but I have a feeling if I do I might say I should of gotten the garlic chicken because it's just that good. This place is legit because one of the times I came in most of the patrons eating looked like legit Hawaiians. They deserve 4.5 stars and I was thinking of raising it up to 5, but once the inside smelled like antibacterial which is very unappetizing (yuck!). I also introduced 808 Mixed Plate to my co-worker and she's been here more than me because she is in love with the garlic chicken too. This place might even be better than Island Flavor on the southwest side of town? As the Hawaiians say it, the chicken "broke da mouth.."
there's little places in las vegas that have such great local hawaiian food and this is one of them. by far one of a handful of local places to go and get some real ono food. from da loco moco to the garlic chicken, there's nothing you can go wrong with on the menu. if you're lucky you can catch one of their specials and have a dinner that would make gordan ramsey customers jealous. top notch stuff, def a place I recommend!
This place has more hype on yelp nowadays. When I first came here it was less "known" Somethings you just don't want to keep a secret. The food is still great and the menu is still cheep. They do seem to run out of certain things on the menu, they always have something good. What more could you ask for. 

The garlic chicken is crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The wasabi sauce for the fish is dynamite.
Best Hawaiian food in Vegas!!! Though it can be a wait to get your food, it is soooo worth it. I used to love L&L but this place really is better. If you are ever in the North Las Vegas area... take a detour and come here. I always do :).
808 is located up in North Las Vegas, at the corner of Craig and Revere. It's on the Southeast corner, in the same plaza as Big Lots and Poke Express. They claim to serve Hawaiian style food and it's the closest I've had here on the mainland, not counting my families cooking that is. 

When my mom and I walked in, the place was empty. Didn't bother me as we avoided a long wait for our food as my mom mentioned that during the rush hour, orders can take up to 30 minutes and longer. As we left, two big parties made their way in, so we were lucky in that regard. 

I opted for the Won Ton Saimin. My mom chose some fish plate. The noodles consistency was great and the broth was tasty. As for the won tons, the filling was a little on the stingy side and I felt the serving size was a little small for the price. However, overall, I liked it and I'll be back for more when I'm in the area and I'm hit with a craving. I didn't try my mom's dish so I won't comment on it other than to say she cleared her plate. Not much more need be said than that.
First try at this place. Was in the area for work. One of the higher reviewed places on this side of town and was nearby Poke Express ! 

I came here right about noon. Pretty busy. Most tables were filled (some were leaving already, and a decent long line waiting to order). As with most yelpers, I referred to Yelp to see what people suggested to get, while waiting in line. Along with being suggested to get the mix plate (not just by their name... as well as some reviews), the  first highlight i saw was garlic chicken. SCORE ! i love garlic haha =X i didnt feel like getting any other meat so i got chicken katsu. curious to see how well they did that as well. opted for mac salad and rice as well. 

took maybe 10-15 minutes for my order. had quite the few people ahead of me and mine needed to be fried too (katsu). 

I had gotten it to go because i had another appt soon. To my surprise, the garlic chicken was fried as well. Pretty much chicken katsu, with a sauce drizzled on top. That took bottom 1/4 of the box. the otehr bottom 1/4 was the chicken katsu. top was the rice and mac salad. Anotehr thing to my surprise, is instead of stacking a lot of meat, they put rice as a bed under the meat. Not sure if its to catch the sauce of whatever meat or to lift up the meat to make it look more full. xD Considering the choice of meats i got, i didnt need the extra rice like i would for like teriyaki chicken or something. For me, i didnt like the idea of the rice under the meat. I like how it is at Ohana, where its purely stacked of meat (katsu) XD more bang for buck? 

The chicken katsu wasnt bad. nice and crispy. a little dry. The katsu sauce cup they gave was unbelievably small. which is another surprising fact. 

The garlic chicken was the same as the chicken katsu, but with sauce on top, as i had mentioned before. This order must have sounded weird to the person who took my order (lol oops). I was expecting something like the garlic chicken from Chun Wan Kam in Honolulu where its something similar like orange chicken (by looks) but with a garlic sauce. The sauce had a very subtle garlic flavor if any. Being a garlic lover, i was quite disappointed =/ 

Overall, not bad. Will try other things next time though. heard something like a furikake chicken/salmon ordered by someone else.. that sounded yummy XD
Most of their chicken plates are worth trying. Garlic chicken is my favorite.  Decent prices. Friendly staff. Must try in north Vegas.
Heard about this place from fellow Yelpers and finally made it out to give it a try! Took me a while to decide on what to get, but eventually decided on garlic chicken. There were a few people in line ahead of me since it was lunch hour, however, it was kind of odd that my food came out before theirs and about 5 min after I ordered...

The garlic chicken was good and had a perfect amount of garlic flavor. It came with 2 scoops of rice and 1 small scoop of mac salad...just wish they gave more because it was so tasty! It was also nice to get a real plate vs a Styrofoam box! 

808 is fairly reasonable for the amount of food you get, but definitely not as low priced or generous as other Hawaiian places I've been to around town. Garlic chicken and a soda was about 11 bucks. They seem to be very popular as well since people were coming in non-stop during the lunch hour, so come early or be prepared to wait in line! I would come back here again in the future since it's not too far from work.
I eat out a lot and mite be one of the worse Hawaii style place I ever went to in Vegas. Service slow, you don't get a lot for what you pay for, food taste ok. Really disappointed. Actually first Hawaiian place That disappointed me. Doesn't take much to make this local boy happy. =(
Oh garlic seared ahi, how I love thee. The mini portion is just the right size; one scoop of rice, one scoop of mac or green salad, and some slices of beautifully cooked fish is all I need. ACTUALLY! I need that wasabi butter mixture. I mixed it with the rice, I dipped the fish in there, I fished out all the delicious morsels that fell in, I might have drank it if I did not fear for my waistline. 

I am impressed with places that ask you how you want your protein cooked. No, I am not talking about fine dining or a steak house. I mean everyday places that can be mistaken for fast food. Yes, I do want my ahi cooked to a medium rare. Yes, I do understand that it will be raw in the middle. Yes, I would love to see that the medium rare I ordered was cooked to perfection. Not only was my meal prepared well, but a friend's kalbi was pretty amazing as well.They are thick cuts of tender meat and I LOVE picking at the bones. The marinade was sweet and savory. Just the perfect mix and it had me wishing I ordered my own plate. My only gripe is with the spam musubi. There is just too much rice and a tiny slice of spam. I want more! Once I get past that. I am a happy camper.
Was in the area for work again. XD 

Came here later in the day this time. around 2ish on a tuesday afternoon. had a few people dining in but they mostly left by the time i got my food. 

Ordered a furikake chicken and the garlic chicken again (double check xD) 

Order came out fairly quick today. 2 scoops of rice, 1 scoop of mac salad, and the two meats. 

Mac salad has cubed of potato in it. interesting XD adds a nice texture to it. 

Garlic chicken. yeah not enough garlic taste :( i almost feel like im eating a chicken katsu with some aioli sauce (mayo based) 

Furikake chicken. same type of fried chicken i believe, but topped with furikake. intesting but not as amazing as some people make it out to be.

If i come to this place again, imma try the loco moco next time ! heh !
Finally got a chance to eat here. Food is delish, like others have mentioned. I had the Furikake Chicken and hubby had the Bento B plate. Both tasty and tender.
I love 808 Hawaii Grill the BBQ chicken and salad with rice is my favorite !!!!
Food always prepared fresh & the portions are amazing! A place to hit up if you're craving some hawaiian food! Great customer service too! Thanks Auntie! Lol
Good food but Way Over Priced!!!!
Classic Hawaiian in vegas, I would go back for sure.  Loved the Loco Moco and the food was very good.  Vibe is hippy dippy, and the booths in the restaurant make you feel like you are in an old mcdonalds or something strange, but the place packs em in, I cannot wait to go back , and also, in the same parking lot is the best little hawaiian poke shop in vegas, have lunch then get some pokey to go....mmmmm mmmm  4 star goodness!  Satisfying your taste for the islands....
I got the garlic chicken and kalbi ...they both had great taste the bad thing was my kalbi was all fat :( mac salad was blah this was take out next time we will try dine in
When I first ate here I swear I had a orgasm in my mouth! The food was SO good!! I had the garlic chicken and seared ahi tuna... It was so good I went back numerous times throughout the month trying different things.. To me the best by far was the ahi and garlic chicken so I have been sticking with that.. 


CONS-
I have to explain to them every time I order how I like my ahi cooked.. Lightly seared.. It's not hard but I guess it is to them..  Recently (I don't know if they have new cooks?) the past month I have been going numerous times and my food has gotten worse with every visit! The garlic chicken had chunks of fat and hardly no meat in one visit, on another visit my ahi was thrown together on my plate and looked and tasted like fried chicken!!! If you look at the other pictures on here of the ahi, it's nicely put together.. I don't know if that was a dig because I'm black or what!! But.. After that last time, I'm pretty much done with them.. It's sad because once upon a time the food was SO good and I didn't mind spending 12.95 for a mixed plate 3 times a week!! Guess I'll start going to the poke place in the corner..
UPDATE:::::

I went in to order today and was approached by the friendliest person!! We were waiting in line, and he came all the way from the back kitchen to speak to me.. He asked if I wrote the review, I told him yes and we just talked about the food and if it wasn't to my liking etc.. I NEVER thought these reviews were even read by anyone until today! It was a good feeling knowing that my review was actually read and taking into accountability.. 

We ordered 4 different plates and they were all superb! The food tasted like how it use too!! I am just so impressed with the customer service, food and the caring of the customers!!! Get to this place for lunch or dinner and I promise you are in for a treat!!
Portions are less and the prices are substantially more. :( 

Love the food and the atmosphere but with the rising costs, my visits become less frequent.
I had ordered The garlic chicken. I enjoyed it. It has this miso mayo that was really a good flavor added to the chicken. You can defiantly taste the garlic on the chicken but it wasn't over powering. It came with Mac salad which tasted like it was made couple days ago. I'm a Mac Salad fan and it really didn't taste that good. I think I should have ordered size Mini instead of regular because it is a large portion meal which is good.

The beau got the Loco Moco. The patty was made fresh and didn't taste like it came out of a freezer which he really liked. He did mention he wanted his eggs sunny side but he's egg came out over easy & yolk was cooked all the way. But other than that he enjoyed the food.

Honestly probably won't be returning. Nothing really wrong with the food. It's just nothing really stood out to me for me to return.
Went and had the garlic chicken and it was all right.  I would have preferred it to be more garlicky but it was not bad.  The only thing that turned me off was that the prices are kind of expensive for the amount of food they give you.  They put a small mound of rice under the meat portion to plump it up and make it look like you're getting a lot.  Also personally, it turns me off (from eating) when employees have extremely large gauged ears and tattoos all up their necks and arms.  Call me old school, but it is not what I want to see when dining.
After eating here several times I am finally getting around to this review. Why, you might ask? I dont know why either. Maybe its because I am so full and satisfied after each visit that I just got too relaxed which equals to laziness on my part. Well I feel that I need to do this now so all you peeps out there looking for a decent Hawaiian place to eat can get the info you need. First of all, they are closed on mondays.  To help you find this place easier, look for the nicely sized Big Lots sign in the same complex. Since the building itself is kind of back a ways, their sign looks dinky from the street. They are to the right of Ella Em's Soul Food which I kind of dont recommend eating at. Refer to my review on them and you will know what I mean.

Since my first visit here I kept telling myself that I will try other dishes but always end up getting the same items. Mainly Kalbi Short Ribs, Garlic Chicken, and Grilled Mahi Mahi accompanied by a rotation of the Mac Salad and Green Salad.

First and foremost, if you are coming here for the first time, get the Kalbi Short Ribs! It is nothing like what you have had at other places. It's literally a bone in steak because the cut they give you is like about 4 actual short ribs stacked on top of each other but cut up into strips for you enjoy it much easier than having to manually pull the meat apart or cut it. If you dont believe me, please refer to the numerous mouth watering pics and mine will be there as well! I recommend you order it medium rare for best taste and tenderness. Also give them a little more time to cook it especially if the place is packed.

For you garlic lovers like me, the Garlic Chicken is what always gets me kind of like how that one really cute nephew or niece of yours that you just cant say no to when they tilt their head and give you the puppy dog eyes look. Its basically chicken katsu cut up but with a different version of breading with a garlic mayo type of sauce on it.

The grilled Mahi Mahi always hits the spot for me when it comes to my fish craving. Its tender flakiness falls apart oh so easily with your fork. Only thing that may have caught my attention is that the portion was just a tad small. 

These three items I get are part of the their name sake combo, the 808 Mixed Plate in which you choose two items accompanied with two scoops of steamed white rice and your choice of mac salad or green salad. Im glad I dont come here alone and bring my family instead so I can sample all the goodness! 

The total price for all three large orders plus 2 drinks came to about 31 bucks and change. FYI, most orders you can get a mini or large depending on your appetite. The 808 mixed plates are guaranteed to be large sizes. So I would say an average meal here would be around 10 bucks a person. Not bad at all for really good food and good service.

Speaking of service, they take your order at the counter, you pay, sit down,  and they bring it out to you once its done. The drinks are self serve so you dont have to wait for them to refill your drinks. Once you are done eating, try to at least clean up a bit after yourself so that they dont spend too much time cleaning after you and for Pete's sake, leave a decent tip if you havnt already when you paid up front.

Next time I will try to order other stuff but no promises. Also dont forget to check out Poke Express down a few suites for some excellent Poke and yes, I have a review for that place too! So what are you waiting for? Stop reading this while driving and go straight there. Then you can send me a compliment after reading this. Lol. Enjoy!

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #105 "Da Kine!"
So bomb!!! I love this place, compared to the other hawaiian food places in town this one is the best. I really will never get sick of this place, the whole restaurant has good vibes and the people that work there are awesome!
Yesterday is my second time going to here. The place is clean but not really fantasy. The serivce is normal.  The time for waiting the food is okay. 

I like ordered a kaibi beef short ribs regular plate. The kaibi beef is spectacular!  When you order the Kaibi beef ribs they will ask how do you like to cook, and I ordered medium rare. Notice it the Kaibi beef short ribs is market price. They make it exactly and juicy. The sweetness of the kaibi beef is perfect. They will also cut it in pieces, so it easy for customer to eat. Portion is huge and the mac salad is flavorful but not too strong. 

This place have the best Hawiian bbq kaibi beef in las vegas.
Just ok. Stopped here because of all the great reviews. They were all out of kalbi even though they'd only been open an hour. Maybe that was our problem. We both had garlic chicken. Not garlicky at all, and deep fried. Kalua pork was mushy and reminiscent of canned tuna. Wouldn't go again.
Had the kalua pork with cabbage plate with Mac for a side. The pork was VERY juicy. Nice taste. I would have no problem eating here again. For those that care. The men's restroom was very clean.
Had the mixed plate combo with Ono chicken and garlic chicken. They call it the Ono chicken because when you run out you'll say "oh no." The garlic chicken is also amazing
Let's start with walking in, how awkward. 

No one greets you, an older woman sits in what looks like pajamas with a pen in her ear and carries around the portable phone. Even worst is the punk rock cashier who doesn't smile and has her arms crossed the whole time as if you're inconveniencing her this fine afternoon. God forbid we took too long as it was my first time and wasn't sure what to get, and every time I asked a question my boyfriend answered as she gave me blank stares like I'm a retard.

Oh, and I take it back the kitchen was the only thing exciting as they did greet me while I was attempting to order, probably the only time I felt welcome. 

Boyfriend got Kahlua pig.. I almost thought it was carnitas since it was on the salty side. I ended up with garlic chicken which was actually delicious but it was drowned in so much mayo I thought I was gonna turn into Agustus Glut (Willy Wonka). 

THE WORST PART.. How on earth do you have overcooked rice?! Oh man, it was so unpleasant, I was convinced it was mashed potatoes! 

We decided to take the rest to-go and asked for a box.... yeah it had dirt in it as said punk rock girl stares inside as she handed it to us. So I got up and got another one. 

Pretty lame adventure.
Wow! This food is delicious! I've eaten at plenty HI places in Vegas & this is by far the best. 

It's a family owned business, & it feels like eating at a friends house.

I had garlic chicken & spare ribs mixed plate. Ahhhmazzing (though pricy $15) it's so worth it if you don't mind spending the extra $4 in comparison to other HI places. Very filling & tasty. I'll be back soon!
I've been here a few times and it is definitely one of the best Hawaiian BBQ restaurants in the area. The staff is friendly and always makes a fuss over how cute my toddler is. Can't say I blame them! I usually just get the regular BBQ chicken.
Garlic chicken and Mac salad is delicious ... I didn't care so much for some of the employees one in particular ...and it is a little pricey.  My partner really liked this place and had no complaints. We will go back again someday
This place had good food. Not like it was "great wow" food but it was okay. The teriyaki beef was standard thin beef with a bottled sauce over it. It was tasty but not memorable. The spam was of course spam so no disappoint there. And the chicken was moist and descent, but could of had more flavor.
Last thing, I'm always weary of places that have more than one soda flavor out....especially when the "Out" signs on them are or look older than two days.
C'mon pay your soda vendor!

Overall experience.... There was nothing standoutish about 808 but it was decent food for my plate!
I visited this place for lunch because I was in North Las Vegas visiting some friends. Let me start by saying that this place doesn't have much of a reputation, but I wasn't put off that my friends live around the corner from 808 and haven't tried the food. 

My first impression upon walking in the door was the decor was definitely dated. It sort of reminded me of L&L. They tend to put all of their focus on the food and neglect certain aspects of the restaurant, but I don't go out to eat for the decor. Everything was clean, but a few of the plants and walls were speckled with a bit of dust. 

After minor observation of the surroundings, I was greeted by a kind lady behind the register waiting patiently for me to order my food. She had a very kind and warm smile. She was also very patient while I was quickly perusing the menu, which was a bit difficult to read. As I was waiting for my food (carryout), I noticed this woman greeting people dining in and picking up plates licked clean by happy customers. 

Now down to the meat of this review. I had the two item combo plate with green salad. It rang up close to $9...A little on the high side, but it was worth every bit of it. I ordered the Kalbi Beef and Garlic Chicken which was served with two pillowy blankets of rice. The Kalbi was second to none in Las Vegas. It was prepped differently than other places like L&L and AK. The ribs were of a thicker cut so you get more meat in each bite. Also, the rib meat is served sliced and presented on top of the cut ribs itself. The Garlic Chicken was nice and crisp. The chicken came drizzled with a garlic sauce and sprinkled with sesame seeds. 

Overall, even though I didn't dine in, the food was the best in its class (in Vegas, of course). I just wish 808 was closer to where I live because I can always appreciate good Hawaiian food. Do your stomach a favor and go to 808 brah!
Garlic chicken is the best. Great service and great food. They do have military discount. Don't hesitate to try here.
Two words: Garlic chicken. Try it, won't be disappointed. Even got it catered for a birthday party. 

The service is awesome too. Make you feel welcomed
I love their hula pack with sesame chicken! If I'm on that side of town and they are open I will stop by.
I really went in here looking for some lumpia but they didnt have any :(. Anyway, I got the chicken katsu with rice and macaroni salad. It wasnt disgusting but it wasn't delicious either. The katsu was crsipy but lacked flavor. The macaroni salad could use a bit more seasoning as well. This was my first time eating at this place. Though I've had better, I would still return to try something else.
Just opened and I'm so excited!

It is hit or miss depending on the store in the valley, but I'm glad to report that this is a good one!

Spam Musubi and a Hamburger Steak Plate Lunch were very good.

Glad there is one on the West side of town in Summerlin now.   I will definately frequent this place.
I went here today for dinner because I was across the street at Costco. I totally forgot this place opened up (and so very glad it did) because the only other one I know of is near UNLV---across town for me.

The bento box was really goood. It came with four different kinds of meat, rice, and macaroni salad. All the meats were delicious, even the fried stuff wasn't very greasy. I did not try the macaroni salad --- I dislike items that taste like mayonnaise (IMHO). Thankfully, they kept the mac salad in a separate container so that it would not touch any of the food that I actually wanted to eat. This will def be my go-to here.

The seafood platter, which included scallops, mahi mahi, fried shrimp, rice, and mac salad, was alright. It didn't come with as much food as the bento combo, but it was the same price. You always have to pay more for seafood though. The scallops tasted soft with a nice, crispy breading. I liked the mahi-mahi too--very fresh tasting. I did not taste the shrimp.

PROS:
-Refillable drinks
-Plenty of seats (for a small place), some booths too
-Food was served quickly
-Good service overall
-Food comes in to-go boxes (but not biodegradable ones)

The one aspect of the visit that I disliked was that that they did not close the door even though it was windy outside. I was sitting by the door and got chills every so often. I got over it as the wind died down though.

I'll be back... I need to try their spam musubi and saimin.
Food quality is so-so...meaning to say at least it's edible. Prices are decent and its the only Hawaiian food place that is closest to my house. So if you live in summerlin and have a sudden craving for loco moco, this should be enough to hold you over till your not too lazy to drive farther.
A taste of Hawaii in my bakyahd! :) freak yea!

I don't eat land meat, but I do enjoy seafood n when I go to L&L I get the garlic shrimp or saimin noodles. 

This location batters their shrimp and serves everything in styrofoam whether you dine in or take it to-go..

My mom n brother got the short ribs and said it tasted like they dipped the ribs soy sauce. I will never know what they taste like, but I do remember what Aloha Kitchen's ribs tasted like and they were off the hook!

I give this location a 2 because I was dissapointed in the battered shrimp. At other L&L locations it came without the batter. Another reason why they get a 2 is because of KRaZie amount of styrofoam they use, the place has two tables and five booths, and the guy working the front counter seemed a little out of sorts.

Although the review could have been better, I will definitely be back. It's literally 3 minutes from my hale and better than them fast food joints.
Right in the same area as Costco, this is a good place for good,tasty, low end food.
The place feels like a fast food joint. 5he menu is a hybrid of Hawaiian, Japanese(katsu) and Mongolian too.
I've never had Hawaiian food, in Hawaii nor las Vegas.
I liked what I had #3 the BBQ mix plate for 6.25. That was for a mini portion that was almost too much to eat.
Very tasty, the chicken, BBQ beef, and the short ribs.
I wouldn't say the quality of the meat was great,it was a bit fatty.
They serve everything on stryrofoam and plastic forks and knife,one time use stuff. 
Very sad.
In a pinch I might comeback to try the curry, the loco moco.the bbq chicken was good enough to come back for. but not an every day, week, month thing.
Good all place to grab a quick bite, I love the fact they serve Pepsi and they seemed to have some canned beverages that you might not find elsewhere. The chicken sandwich was nice, fresh crisp lettuce, hot flavorfull chicken I think it could used a bit more sauce or tomato. Te short ribs were good also but could have used more sauce. I had the noodles with the BBQ chicken I suggest adding some of the house teriyaki sauce to the noodles and broth to get more of a ramen flavor. All in all it was very good and reasonably priced. We plan on returning soon
Good place, typical Hawaiian BBQ. Fast, cheap, and tasty, but no frills, and nothing special.  However after being stuck in a casino for 2 weeks it's a welcome change.  To both my taste buds, and my wallet.
Man! I love their food.... let me introduce something good ( personal opinion) :

37. Spam for sure!!!!!
29. Kalua & Lau Lau combo in one regular size
15. Loco Moco in mini size ( for lunch )
21. Chicken Katsu in regular size 
46. Aloha Saimin

Mini size means one scope of rice and
Regular size means two scopes of rice :)

um... it's 2:13 in the morning and I'm hungry now while thinking of their food. SPAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I personally think L & L has better Spam than Island Flavor even tho IF is more popular :)

Back to L & L, they also provide catering in Seafood, Beef, Pork, Chicken and side orders, from 10-13 servings as Small Pan, 20-25 servings as Half Pan and 45-50 servings as Full Pan. 

More info.:
$32.99 for small family 4-6 people
$49.99 for dinner family 6-8 people
both of them have choice of BBQ combination and Seafood combination. 

Accept Visa and MasterCard
Open Daily 10am - 10pm
I don't and never will claim to be a expert on Hawaiian culinary but I know food.  This place is not good!!  If you want to eat fatty beef, short ribs and chicked this is your place.  I usually give a place at least 2 tries because everyone has an off day but I won't be back a second time.  I actually lost my appetite trying to eat the bbq combo plate or should I say bbq fat plate.  Nasty!!!!  Look at what your serving your customers before it goes out of the kitchen!! We tried four sides as well, nothing memorable.  Actually, I'd like to forget about the experiece.   I gave 2 stars because at least it was a very clean restaurant.  Not my cup o' tea.  Bleck!!
I'm not familiar with Hawaiian food. I ordered Chicken Katsu plate. It's generous for a 'small' size box. I don't know if the sauce that comes with it is supposed to be cold.. The macaroni salad was good though. My meal was basically filled with cut up crispy chicken and a little rice. There wasn't enough rice compared to the amount of chicken. If I were to go back, I'd try something else.
Love this place. Now that they opened up in Summerlin, I no longer have to travel far for my Loco Moco and favorite mac salad. Also, this location has brown rice which some of the other locations do not.
Was excited when this place opened up by work. I finally can have those yummy spam musubis for lunch every day! If spam and rice rolled in seaweed isn't your thing, they have many other items to try. 

Love their barbecued short ribs which tastes like korean short ribs and the kahlua pork and cabbage. I love fat! Nom nom nom. They also have somewhat healthier plate lunches like the mahi-mahi with salad and brown rice. Just make sure to say "healthy." Otherwise, you're gonna get your meal with some macaroni salad and steamed white rice. But if you're really into hawaiian food, you'd probably rather die happy from a massive coronary.

The portions are really good even for the mini size and the service is friendly and fast. Check it! Mahalo!
Food was great. I've eaten at plenty of L&L Hawaiian BBQ locations and this one was by far the greatest food and environment I've experienced but the customer service was horrible!! The cashier had a very rude attitude as if I was bothering her free-time between customers by walking in for my lunch break. I came here with a friend and she was nice with him. Asked what sides he wanted, if he wanted anything to drink, and had a smile the whole time. I'm guessing she didn't know we came in together. When she took my order she wasn't smiling and in fact was rushing me. Never asked if I wanted a drink nor offer or gave me options to change my sides. Overall food was great, environment was clean and welcoming, but I'm guessing the cashier isn't happy with her job that much :(
I used to have L & L Hawaiian BBQ about once a week in California, it was hard to drive past L&L on the way home each day without your craving getting the better of you.  But the food I used to get at the one in Fremont were great.  Their Hawaiian BBQ Chicken was always double if not a triple.  When I went to get some frozen yogurt at Cherry On Top and saw L&L just a short stroll across the parking lot, my mind was set.

After checking out the familiar menu, I went with the BBQ Combo.  The food was prepared quickly and I was out the door in minutes.  The smell was good, and it took some self restraint to not dig in while I drove home.  Unfortunately, the BBQ chicken that has always been a favorite of mine, was no where close to what I was used to getting.  Flavor was dulled, like a number 2 pencil after a hundred questions scantron test.  The BBQ Beef was okay.  The Short Rib likewise was okay, never as good as the ones you grill yourself at a Korean BBQ.  The Mac Salad was the same as what But I hate to think that I have to cross the state line just to get some decent Hawaiian BBQ Chicken from L & L.

Anyway, this location is fairly small.  Not a lot of room to sit and eat, but many take their orders to go.  Location is fairly convenient for those in the SW (near Costco), and parking wasn't an issue.  I just wish the food tasted better.

I would love to rate this L & L Hawaiian BBQ with at least a 3 stars (A-OK), but it just fell short of that mark.  Hopefully it was just an off day for them, but with other better Hawaiian BBQ restaurants in close proximity, I doubt I will give them another shoot.
The bbq meat is where it's at and they have a pretty big menu, but the hamburgers were stark in contrast to how amazing the other plates are.
You never have to wait long for your order which is pretty rockin' for bbq(some what fast food), and the price isn't that bad either. My suggestion get a fancy soda in a can, and avoid the plain boring soft drinks from the fountain.
L & L is my favorite Hawaiian BBQ in town.....bra!

Here's why:

1)  The best Kalua pork in the valley.  It was so flavorful and tender.  Order it with cabbage, the crunch adds a wonderful bite to this mouthwatering dish.

2)  Chicken Katsu is also quite good.  Not too oily or greasy, and the right amount of salt made this Katsu a great entree.  

3)  Clean store and friendly staff who are happy to walk those unfamiliar to Island fare through the tasty options on the menu.

4)  Great Value!!  You can get heaps of great food for a very reasonable price, and if you aren't in the mood for a big portion, they offer mini-sized orders, perfect for ladies and skinny wussies.....(Ok, perfect for everyone)  


This is as close to Hawaii as I've been, and while  you probably won't get laid walking in to L & L, you'll definitely get fed with great food.
Good Hawaii barbecue. I no frills. Small dining area,. To go friendly,
Ok this place is almost as good as Hawaii's L&L's! If ever I want Chicken Katsu or Barbeque Teriyaki Plate lunch this is where I go! Staff is friendly and food is always fast! Im defintley a fan of this place for sure!
Coming from Hawaii, the food here is ok. It's good enough for me to go just to satisfy my local food craving.  I usually get the garlic shrim and  my bf loves mochiko chicken and gets it all the time.  Loco moco is not the greatest but i'll eat it.  
The ppl there are friendly.  No complaints about that.
Great fast food better than other places like mcdonalds. Great portions
This place vs Aloha Kitchen.  This place will win everrrry single time.  I LOVE L&L Hawaiian  

Service is always good, prices are normal. I love spam musubi . I've never had a bad meal here.  I've tried several things on their menu and it's always hot and yummy.  Great pork too.  I will go back here any time.
Amazing musubi
Sometimes I get a serious craving for this place. The spam musubi is by far my favorite. The BBQ chicken plate is my second favorite option. I usually take my food to go so I can't comment on atmosphere, but of you like Hawaiian food check it out. It really is quite good.
I love this place, it's on the way home from work and the food is great!  I'm going to try something new each time, I'm addicted to the macaroni salad and substitute it for my white rice each time.  The barbeque mixed plate is very tasty as well.  Also, everybody here is really friendly.
Not impressed. Food is so fatty and everything but the meat lacks flavor, and the meat is overseasoned!  Too salty!

Worst problem though is that the two times I walked in there I felt totally unwelcomed by the staff.  I know I'm a pale white guy, but your business is in Summerlin, not Waikiki. 

I will oblige your unwelcoming attitude by not returning. Ok?
This is one of my top 5 best places to eat. My most favorite thing is the macaroni salad. I can eat that everyday.
This has been a top five quick service restaurant for me and a go to. Its always good simple comfort food. I have never been disapointed and I am here once every few months and the people at the counter always remember me. Service is always fast, even at their busiest. Ive heard that its pretty authentic and cant wait to visit the source one day to compare. I always go for the BBQ chicken they use dark thigh meat and it has the most flavor the skin is always fatty so I never eat it but it really holds in alot of flavor, must try!
I love coming here for a quick Hawaiian food fix! I like how you can mix your favorite items in a combo. I typically get the beef with the fried shrimp. The portions are huge. There is always enough for lunch the next day!  I usually save most of the beef and eat the shrimp because it doesn't taste as good the next day. The service is friendly and they have Siracha at every table which is always a plus in my book!
This locations is the bomb! All other locations should base their business model off of this one. Staff is always friendly, food is always hot, fresh and delicious.  I have become a regular and they now have my modified order down and offer me my "usual" when I walk in. 

I'll be moving farther away from this location soon, but I will definitely be making the trip to get the spicy chicken, extra spicy, no skin with brown rice on the regular!!
Although its never my first choice when I am craving Hawaiian food, I still support L&L every once in a while because I'm from Hawaii. My favorite Hawaiian restaurants are far away from where I live, so this place is actually more convenient. What I like most about this location is that it is very clean. Most L&Ls that I have been to in Hawaii and California were kind of ghetto looking. I also like that they are open 7 days a week.

They don't have too many tables in the restaurant, so I usually order to go. My favorite is the Kalua Pork and Lau Lau plate, which are the two Hawaiian food items I miss the most. Unfortunately, they don't taste as good as back home, but sacrifices must be made, right? At least we HAVE Hawaiian food in this city. I also like the Chicken Katsu and the BBQ Mix plates. Portions are generous, I get pretty full with the mini plates. The Spam Musubi is okay. I wish they wouldn't be so stingy with the spam though. There is always too much rice and a thin slice of spam. I'm not a good cook at all, but even I make better Spam Musubis at home, LOL. Also, don't order the saimin because the broth has no flavor at all. Trust me, you are better off making instant ramen at home!

Customer service here has improved a lot. One of the reasons why I didn't like coming here in the past was because the cashiers were very rude. No "hello" or "thank you" ever. Just a "Can I take your order?" However, the cashiers are now much more friendly. The wait times for the food is pretty short and reasonable. The one thing I don't agree with is that they don't always give you sauce for the Katsu unless you ask. Seriously?! Why would I NOT want sauce with my Katsu? 

I'll be back sooner or later!
I know that this is a Hawaiian BBQ place, but I love their french fries!  I'm not crazy about BBQ of any kind but my husband loves this place.  We go & he gets his fill of Hawaiian BBQ & I get french fries.  BOOM.  We are both happy.  The food is great but they need a bigger space.  I'm happy that they literally get so much business that the restaurant can't contain the customers.  But it is really annoying to have to stand next to someone's table while they chow down and wait for them to be finished so you can sit down.  If you live nearby & can get your food to go, that's the ticket.
I ordered Take Out on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was pretty busy.  They were located near Red Rock Casino on W Charleston Blvd/S Pavillion Dr in Las Vegas.
I was disappointed that this location does NOT offer a Military Discount.

While waiting, I noticed a gumball machine, stacked high chairs, and a large garbage can in the hallway to the restroom.  It was just difficult to get through to the restroom.

I ordered the Seafood Combo with BBQ Short Ribs ($9.15) and 2 Spam Musubi ($2.25 each).  It took less than 10 minutes to get my food.

The 3 breaded shrimp were butterflied with the tails on.  They were really dry, not juicy.  The breaded mahi mahi filet was small and also thin and dry,  The BBQ Short Ribs were sweet and a little tough and fatty on top a large portion of raw cabbage.  There were 2 scoops of rice in the box.  The macaroni salad was in a 5 1/2 plastic cup.  It had too much mayonaise.

The Spam Musubi were warm.  They were seasoned with a sweet soy sauce.  I would order them again.

Not all L & L Hawaiian Restaurants are the same.  I will stick to the one in Denver where they sell fresh $3 Poki on the counter, $1.89 Spam Musubi, and offer a military discount.
My daughter discovered Musubi while in Hawaii last month. It was love at first bite! Didn't even realize that there was an L&L right down the street back home. Imagine her surprise when I brought her here for a treat! She says the Spam Musubi here is even better than the L&L in Hawaii!!! A huge smile for $2.25! What more can you ask for? But...when she went back for a second musubi the seaweed was a bit tough:( The fried shrimp was good not great. All in all a good value. There was no unpleasant smell when we were there but all I can say is...spam;)
We get take out here once a week.  We call ahead and pick up on the way home from the office.  I get the teriyaki chicken with veggies instead of rice.  This place keeps me on track of my diet when I am on the go and starving for a satisfying meal.  If you are looking for fast food without the calories or the crap give this place a try.  If you are looking for fried Hawaiian food with a little soul, you have also found the right place.  ;)
Mahi mahi on a bed of raw cabbage, brown rice and a spinach, arugula salad. My new spot.
Typical Hawaiian BBQ which was pretty good. I ordered BBQ mixed plate which was really good...what I enjoyed the most was that you got really good portions of each type of BBQ. The BBQ consisted of Beef, Pork and Chicken. You also get a side of Macaroni Salad. Overall a pretty good place to get decent food
I ordered Take Out again on a Monday night.  Every table was taken, so I waited outside until some customers left.  They were located near Red Rock Casino on W Charleston Blvd/S Pavillion Dr in Las Vegas.

I ordered the BBQ Mix Plate which included BBQ Beef, short ribs, and chicken on a bed of raw cabbage.  Everything was tough and fatty.  The macaroni salad was well seasoned.

The Spam Musubi ($2.25 each) was warm and melt in your mouth good.  I'm glad I ordered 2 of them.  

The Spam Musubi is what keeps me coming back for more while I'm visiting Las Vegas.
Great Hawaiian food, love the malasadas rolled in tons of sugar!!!! Chicken katsu is great.!
Food is ok.
I love the short ribs from here just appalled that my order contained what I would call scraps for the price I payed.

BBQ chicken is moist but not much BBQ flavoring.

Going to back for more short ribs and experiment with a few other items in the list, as of now im not impressed.
Super great cheap food. Been here a couple time and the food has always been great. Service could be better.
I always get the low-carb bowl, which is healthy and massive. It's the perfect post-workout food. The staff are friendly, the price is right, and it's impossible to only eat a little. Oh, and the fact that it's all freshly-cooked makes it all the better.
There are moments when I love and crave L&L, but there are moments where I can no longer eat L&L.  
However, when I do crave L&L BBQ this place is where it is at! They have such a friendly staff and the food is always out when they promised. They always greet me and one of the staff even remembers who I am when I enter their place. 

Great food & good people.
Affordable, fast, taste awesome!
I love garlic shrimp. Staff are nice and friendly. 
It's a simple but good !
Ordered regular BBQ Chicken.
I guess I haven't been here for a few months? 
When did this happen?

Macaroni Salad  & BBQ Chicken = 4 stars
Mini Portions of Rice = ZERO!
2 scoops  = 2 bites?

See posted pictures.
The Blade of Plastic fork is longer than the Scoop!

I thought of ordering extra rice but at 90cts/scoop? 
OMG that's 90cts/bite?

They have the nerve to serve these mini scoops to a Rice eating Asian?

If all other L&L's are serving Mini Scoops of Rice,I'll give my business to one of the other Hawaiian Restaurants nearby.

Yelpers please let me know if same is true at other locations.
Maybe it was because they were busy or whatever but the food here was so bland and undercooked. The cashier guy didn't seem too friendly either. 

Small ahi poke - ok so when they said "small" I was thinking they would put it in the spam musubi styrofoam containers but they gave me this small ass container where they put the mac salad in. It was good but definitely not worth $5.99 for that tiny portion. BOOOO. 

BBQ chicken was flavorless. It wasn't anything special and I feel like they rushed it because they were so busy. And they only gave two tiny ass scoops of rice too. Wtf yo. I guess I'm just used to Hawaiian BBQ's generous portions. 

Curry chicken katsu was also flavorless! And I freaking love katsu. They managed to screw up all of the food items I love. Very disappointed. 

Service was also incredibly slow but they were very busy. I don't think I'll ever be coming back though. I'm sticking to Ohana BBQ for katsu and BBQ chicken and island flavor for poke.
You can never go wrong with Spam on the menu! Hawai'ian style food in a quick, clean & friendly establishment? I'm all about it! Service was quick & friendly! Establishment was clean and the food was tasty!!
I should have not eaten here after I smelled inside. Gross. Got sick that night vomiting every 30 min.
Good chain for Hawaiian food but they do not give you enough Mac salad. Huge downer for me.
I have bookmarked the Craig Rd location forever and never could figure out when to get up there.  Thank goodness they opened inside Island Sushi which is a hop-skip-and-a-jump away!  There are like 20 kinds of poke: raw crab, ahi chili water, limu, mussel, tako kimchee, lomi salmon, etc.

I am just thrilled they are open nearby.  They served some of their poke as part of Island's Hawaiian brunch so I tried the ahi and the raw crab.  Both scrumptious!  I will go back for snacks and to fix up a tasty meal.  They are also just south of Japan Creek so it can be a super raw seafood extravaganza!
Seriously.. the best poke in town. Their new location in Island Sushi is uber convenient vs. driving to N. LV for their original location.

They have various types of poke including pipikaula and dried aku.

Their spicy tuna is broke da mout!! Big chucks of ahi, not the ground up crap you find everywhere else. The spicy salmon is just as ono too! No joke.

I've tried a bunch of their pokes. The shoyu, limu and wasabi ahi are among some of my faves. They use fresh limu, not the crappy dehydrated stuff. 

They're reasonably priced at about $10/lb. Man, you go to International Market Place and you are paying almost $15/lb and they only have poke on certain days. 

Poke Express is a definite fave whenever I'm craving some really good and fresh poke! Not to mention you can get an awesome plate lunch at Island Sushi while you are there too!
They are going to start opening on Wednesdays!!! yay!  I went by yesterday for a snack and ended up getting to taste all sorts of things while meeting the owner, Darren.  He mixes sauce fresh in with the fish right there!  I got tako wasabi *small amount* :) plus salmon poke with spicy sauce and masago + furikake ahi poke.  I got to taste the dried aku which is good (bonito/skipjack) but I just couldn't have it all this time.  Yum yum everything was so fresh!!!!
Okay, finally found this place after 2 tries--  No one said it was in the same space as the take out side of Island Sushi!

Poke is fantastic.  Went limu and wasabi, both were so fresh and delicious!  This place definitely rivals my old standby, Hawaiian Poke in Chinatown, but earns bonus points for being closer to home.  

I got their late afternoon, to pick up a little something for dinner...  They were so friendly and nice, they offered to make me anything they were out of fresh on the spot!  

Two thumbs up!
Fresh and yummy!  I wish they were here in San Diego!!  I am in Las Vegas at least once a month for work.  I stopped in before I hit the road to head back home.  I bought 2 lb's of the Ahi Shoyu Poke, 1/2 lb of the Tako Shoyu Poke and 2 bags of poi.  (to share with my Hawaiian neighbors).  I highly recommend you stop in and get some when you need your fresh fish fix.  Can't wait until I get back in December.
Delicious and cheap! They're super understanding and nice.. I'm new to poke, but they explained each category and gave free samples, even though it was close to closing time. I'm not even Hawaiian, I just have a raw fish addiction.
I can't say I understand the hype. I had the basic limu poke (the best way to judge a poke place, imo!), and I wasn't all that impressed. The fish was relatively fresh, but the poke itself wasn't great. I've had fabulous poke in Hawaii and I've had fabulous poke here in Vegas at Hawaiian Style. I wish this place was half as good as Hawaiian style because it's right by my house, but I'll make the drive to Hawaiian style next time! The fish is fresher and the flavors are so much brighter. Try the garlic poke at Hawaiian style with the beautiful tiny diced red onions and I dare you to compare!
Good poke. Great owners. The type of super-friendly people whom you want to support and see succeed. They said they are there on Mondays and Tuesdays. The rest of the time, they are at their Craig Rd location. Since I wasn't sure what to order, they offered me samples of whatever I wanted. I tried a few before deciding.

I ordered half a pound of Salmon, half a pound of Limu, a quarter pound of Ocean Salad (seaweed salad), and a side of rice. I fully enjoyed the Salmon Poke due to the sauce that they add. I thought I liked the Limu when I tried it, but compared to the Salmon, it just didn't have as much flavor. The Ocean Salad was good as expected.

I haven't tried Hawaiian Style Poke, so I can't compare, but I'll definitely return here for more poke goodness. It's closer to work and gives me a nice destination for a relatively light but delicious lunch.
We stumbled onto Poke Express on our way to Island Sushi.  And since Island Sushi only had bar seating left, something the mister doesn't like, we luckily ended up at Poke Express, and things in the world are much better for it.

Poke Express is not the kind of place to take a girl/boy you're trying to wine and dine, it's not the kind of place you go to have a chatty dinner with a girlfriend you haven't seen for a while.  It's a minimally-decorated, brightly-lit, take-out counter, no tablecloths and paper napkins kind of place.  But if you are looking for some little-fuss and much-quality Hawaiian poke with a lot of authenticity and warmth, then this is the place.

We had the Hawaiian Ahi Poke and Deluxe Fried Noodles and were satisfied with both.  Hawaiian Poke was very flavorful and had large pieces of very fresh fish: only $7.95 for half a pound.  Deluxe Fried Noodles was stir-fried saimin (Hawaiian egg noodle that tastes a tad like ramen) with spam, BBQ pork, and fish cake.  There could have been a little more meat and less noodle but it was still delicious.  I recommend putting a little Sriracha hot sauce on both, it adds a little bit of heat and a lot of favor.

I was already a fan, when I spotted their sweet treats on our way out.  I tried the banana bread, wow, what a familiar memory of terrific sweetness.  It is like the Vietnamese banana bread, but lighter in texture and sweeter in taste.  It is definitely my new favorite breakfast snack.
I love poke, with that being said, one would not think to come to Las Vegas for good poke, but a las, where else can you find poke served deli style!  Everyone there is very friendly and welcoming, and patient when we were trying to decide which types to try.

We ended up getting the limu poke and the spicy poke, both super good, although we couldn't handle the heavy mayo in the spicy poke after awhile.   But we figured that and only got a little.

Man, I swear, if I lived out in Vegas, I'd be poking it up at least once a week hehe.
Love this place! I have to say that I find myself driving out of my way for it. I am a huge fan of the spicy, the limu, and the furikake.

They are incredibly kind and offer free samples too!

What I really hate about this place is that it closes so early! BUT.. for some of you who cannot make it by closing... you can call ahead... and they will have it waiting for you on the restaurant side.
Thanks to poke express I don't have to go all the way downtown to get really great poke now! Authenic! Good grade fish, just like home.only wish they had idako more often ...that is all.
Perfect place if you're craving some poke or aloha-ness! I've been wanting to try poke express for a very long time and finally had a chance to visit the place!

It's located inside island sushi, which is divided into two different sections: restaurant with a sushi bar, and more informal area which reminds you of L&L with a little corner bakery, Hawaiian menu, and poke express. 

They had about 15 different kinds of poke displayed and I was so overwhelmed because I've never seen so many different types of poke before. The employee saw my confused expression on my face and decided to help me out lol. He let me try every poke and let me pick which ones I liked. My personal favorites were spicy combination poke which had tuna and crab (and I believe a hint of masago?) in a spicy sauce. Mmm the sauce reminded me of yum yum sauce a lil cuz it had the same consistency and color. I also picked salmon poke in a special sauce since I LOVE salmon! It was very good. The sauce was soy sauce based and I tasted a hint of sesame oil and it also had green onions and white onions. Soooo good. 

I would definitely come back here for my poke fix!
If you know me. . you know I love Poke! A LOT!!

Whenever I see Poke on a menu. . .even if I haven't tried it. . I usually get it. But this place. . .is HEAVEN for me!! Poke is located inside of Island Sushi which I have yet to try and probably will because I vow to go to Poke Express every time I visit Las Vegas. 

The gentleman that served us was really patient and allowed us to try a couple of different flavors of Poke and sure enough they were all delicious! I ended up getting the Limu Poke and the Spicy Poke! I can't wait to come back again! I wish we had one here in the bay area! hmm...possible business in the works?!? If only I knew how to make Poke! But, someone please open a Poke Express in the bay area! I'd love you forever and ever!!
Poke Poke Poke! What about Gumby, huh?
Seriously it's a cool place with friendly people.
A great variety of Poke that even Hawaii can't match, but in the long run the Poke in Hawaii is a bit better, but that is because of it's geographical advantage. I must have some Hawaiian roots because these Poke items really twangs my buds!
The Saimin and grill side is OK too. We did try some Saimin and Udon and for the money it's a great deal. The noodles are decent, but will have to admit the broth is kind of watery and bland (at least the day we had it). No worries we did put some additional soy sauce and a few drops of sirachi and it sparked things right up. The deserts are good too. Weeknights they close at 6pm so you gotta rush in dare Brudha! Aloha, Mahola and Aloha!
It's confirmed. Poke Express is the real deal and worthy of an upgrade to five stars.

After finally trying Hawaiian Style Poke a couple of weeks ago and then going back to Poke Express today, I can definitively say that I prefer Poke Express. Their fish tastes fresher, they have a wider variety, and their flavors are just richer.

But what truly makes me a fan of Poke Express is the couple behind the counter. They are just some of the nicest owners you could ever meet. No matter what, they are always ready and willing to give you as many samples as you need. This helped me out because they have several spicy varieties. After trying them all, I went with the Wasabi. Boy does that have some kick to it! It was eye-watering and it was damn good.
We came here twice in one day because we loved the spicy mixed poke and needed more pupus for the party. hehe. There were mixed reviews among my group about the other poke. They liked some of the poke from here and some of the poke from Hawaiian Style. Both had some good ones and some not so good ones. But for this place, the spicy mixed poke was the winner. I'm sure we'll all be back here when we are craving it. I wish we had places like this in the South Bay.
My bf brought home 4 choices of poke for lunch. We had the the spicy combo poke, wasabi ahi, salmon poke, & spicy salmon. Both spicy have a mayonnaise dressing over them, kinda like the dressing you taste over rolls from sushi joints. The spicy combo is ahi with crab. Salmon poke taste like reg salmon sashimi. And last bust not least wasabi ahi was just the right amount of spice and juicy. All of them were juicy and nicely sliced chunks of fish. He was telling me that at Poke Express you're able to try before you order and there's a a bunchhh more too choose from like a ton of ice cream flavors but a ton of fish flavors! They price by pound. So we got half a pound of each of the 4 totaling to about 40$. It's fresh fish so 40$ not that bad. We couldn't even finish all of it! Amongst the two of us, half a pound each in all good for us. Can't wait to try what other pokes they have!
Stopped here on the way to the strip after a long drive in from LA.  Being a local boy living in Stockton for the past 8 years, any fresh poke, let alone fresh fish/seafood definitely gets my attention.  It was located inside of Island Sushi (which I didn't get to try unfortunately).  Upon walking in, there is a bakery case which they offer local favorites such as coco puffs, various local (Hawaii) cakes and pies (whole or by the slice) which is always perfect if you wanna try all of um! haha.  They also offer malasads, which I wanted my girlfriend to try since she hadn't had the pleasure to have the last time she was in Hawaii.  After ordering the malasads, we headed to the back counter where their friendly staff were very attentive and ready to take our order.  Their spread was pretty impressive for poke shop no where near the ocean.  Fresh ahi poke (limu, shoyu, maui onion), taegu, raw hawaiian blue crab poke, assorted tako poke, pipikaula, ocean salad, and much more.  We ordered just a 1/4 pound each of the ahi limu and pipikaula for just some pupus (snacks) as we were headed to the strip for lunch.   Upon paying, we noticed they had chantilly cake which we decided to grab as well.
In tasting them, the malasads were wonderful!  Nice and hot and delicious.  While not as good as Leonard's back home, they were very close to them, a little too much of the oil taste, but come on its malasads!  The ahi limu poke was great too.  Their seasoning was spot on, and the limu was nice and crunchy.  The pipikaula as good too.  Different than how I usually have had it, where it was more moist (wet) style.  I do prefer it more on the dry side, but it was great nonetheless!  The chantilly cake was pretty bomb.  Nice fluffy cake with not too much overbearing sweetness from the frosting (which really destroys some good cakes).  While it was quite of a juxtaposition with the poke and malasads, the bugga was good and definitely made me miss home even more.  Great local spot to fill up on your local foods.  Will be back again for sure.
Just looking at the photos made my mouth water.  Better than KTA on the islands. :)  Nice, friendly service.
If your from Hawaii and craving some poke.... Go here. Always fresh, and bomb!!!
My favorite place to eat at while in Vegas!  I love poke, and eating here, if you can get off the strip, beats anything you can find on the strip, especially the price. Everything is fresh (as it can be with it in the desert and all), and everyone has always been very helpful. You can always try samples of everything and the portions are great for different occasions ( picnic for one, multiple styles for a big appetite or more than one). 

 My first love here is the kim chee tako. I can make it a lunch by getting a pint and a water, or get a seperate quarter to half pint of seaweed salad as a compliment. My next favorite is the salmon, and I ask for them to add onions and shoyu sauce for extra flavor. This doesn't take away from tasting the flavor of the fish, with the onions giving a different texture.

Overall, a must visit for the poke lover. Can't be beat!!!
It is a touch confusing how this whole establishment works. Within this small area you have three businesses running simultaneously alongside each other. The front part is a grill where you can get Saimin and oxtail soup. In the back, poke is king. To the right you can enjoy sushi and it is AYCE, if you please. 

I had only tried the Poke Express and it was well worth it. On Monday and Tuesday, poke is 10.49 for one pound and 9.99 for two pounds or more. The poke they have upfront are heavy on the kimchee style. Got a pound of the mussel kimchee poke. It was choke full of salty mussel goodness with little filler consisting of onions and cucumber. Also got a pound of the spicy ahi poke. The nice pieces of tuna was tossed in a mayo based sauce. Not my favorite, but it was good. The masago gave it a little pop with each bite. The ahi pokes are not set out in the case, instead they are tossed in your choice of sauce when you order.
Best poke in Vegas!!! Me and the wife was so happy that they have this location.  I used to drive to the north location and we lived at the very south of  Vegas. Favorite thing to get is the spicy ahi poke.  We usually get 2lbs spicy ahi poke, 1lbs shoyu poke, 1lbs wasabi.  The fish is always fresh and tasty.

They have a special on Monday and Tuesday, if you buy 2lbs or more its $9.99/lb. Regular price per pound is $10.49.
I would say this is average poke. I wouldn't say this is the best by any means. Nothing really stood out to me. Probably one of the best poke I've had in Vegas in a really long time, but call me crazy, but I thought it was a bit overpriced. 

I don't want to turn people off from here because the fish is really fresh and tasty. Butttt, I probably wouldn't choose to go back on my own.
This Review is for Poke Express & Island Grill.  They also have a "All you can eat sushi" restaurant next door (all connecting).  My wife and I are from the Bay Area and this place beats out any Hawaiian restaurants near us.

We basically were looking to just get poke, but also ordered lunch plate and saimin.  We got the Garlic Chicken and Mochiko Chicken lunch plate and the Tempura Saimin.  We also tried the Spicy Ahi Poke.  Everything was GONE and was soooo delicious.  Definalely coming back next time we're in Las Vegas.
Such a must go to when you're in Vegas.  This location is on the main street, and if you blink you might miss it, but it's next to Island Sushi and Grill (shares sites).  BOTH so ono! But this review is jus' for the poke and the Garlic Chicken.  Okay, so if you've ever been to Zippys, you know about their Korean Chicken.  Poke Express makes the closest thing on the mainland to Zippy's-- their Garlic chicken is so moist and flavorful-- on the shredded cabbage and shoyu sauce and all. Don't miss out on that.  Poke prices are also reasonable-- they have all kine poke-- tako, mussel, kamaboko, ahi, salmon and also seaweed salad. 

We always take a cooler and bring home for leftovers. They opened a second location in Downtown, with entertainment, but this one is the original!
i grew up in HAWAII and a trip to POKE EXPRESS was a very special treat.

we stopped by and loaded up on lots of tasty nibbles -- SHOYU AHI POKE, SPICY AHI POKE, MUSSEL POKE (KIMCHEE style), SALMON POKE with special sauce and TAKO POKE (KIMCHEE style). still one of my all time favorites, PIPIKAULA, a teriyaki flavored HAWAIIAN-style beef flank steak jerky.

hauled everything back to the "resort casino" where we're staying and filled the mini-fridge. 

happy, happy, happy. 

life is very, very good indeed !!!
Best Poke I've found in Vegas, friendly service, and plenty of choices. Shoyu Ahi Poke, Furikake Ahi Poke, Kimchee Crab are our favorites. Made to order and to your preferences, too. Around 12 bucks/pound for the Ahi Poke, and totally worth it.

As other's have said, it's made from frozen tuna, but it's still fantastic.
Only bummer are the business hours:
Sunday - Thursday   10 AM - 6 PM
Friday and Saturday 10 AM - 8 PM 

Go get some !!!!
Best Spicy Ahi Poke in town!!! Friendly service and great poke...Life is great!
Poke Express shares the same space as Island Sushi & Grill. If you are sitting on the Island Sushi side and order hot food, it will come from the Poke Express kitchen. Only cold food comes from the Island Sushi side.
I sat on the Poke Express side and ordered a poke bowl. It was huge and so glad I shared with my sister. The salmon poke was very fresh and tasty! I recommend their bowls. We also ordered the spam musubi. My only complaint, there was too much rice! Otherwise, it was good. I was totally carbed out after the meal. 

If you decide not to dine in, you can order to go. You can also order different types of poke which are weighed and priced per pound. See my uploaded pics to the business.

This place is convenient for me to visit when staying at South Point or when visiting the 24 Hour Fitness nearby.
Poke Express (here and the North location) is one of my favorite spots for some seafood. 

This is in a odd attachment to Island plate counter and Island Sushi. I normally want rice with my poke so this being with a plate counter is a plus. I can get a side of rice here and sit down whereas the other location I normally walk over to closeby Hawaiian place for rice and to sit or take it home. 

My favorite is the kimchee poke. It's not really spicy, but more like the flavor of kimchee. For something more classic, I favor the limu poke. 

Not sure what to get? Feel free to ask questions and ask for samples. 

Nom!
This place is a little hard to find.  On the outside the big sign says Island Sushi and Grill.  There was only a little paper sign that said Poke Express.  Other than it being hard to find I love this place!  

I came to Vegas to gamble of course but I wanted to go eat where the locals go so again THANK YOU YELP!

I have only had really good poke in Hawai'i and I must say, this place is legit.  They have various types of marinated fresh fish that you can buy to take home in this little market area in the back or you can just order a bowl of poke which I did.  It was pretty outstanding, not as good as Sam's Kitchen in Waikiki but it was really good coming from the mainland.  Do not get the Spam Masubi though.  Way too much rice, way too little spam.

Stick with the fish.  You will not be disappointed.
This is definitely a hidden gem not only in Henderson but within the actual building itself since all you can see on the outside is the signage for "Island Sushi" and there is a door to the right and a door to the left which has a screen on it which gives the appearance that they are perpetually closed.  Choose door on the left and from here, you will first see a counter up front with desserts and a menu above you. To access Poke Express, you must go further down the hall where there is a counter with various poke priced around 10 dollars/lb and one has the option for sampling their bounty of poke in a variety of flavors.  Whoever came up with the term "food porn" probably envisioned poke as its monthly centerfold.  I mean seriously, it's pretty much glistening flesh that is scantily "dressed" with options including but not limited to wasabi, spicy mayo, limu (hawaiian seaweed), and shoyu (soy sauce)...quite a thing of beauty I must say.   

Since I biked as a marshall for the Rock and Roll Marathon, I was feeling particularly hungry and needed a carbo-boost post-ride, so I went with one of their Poke bowls, which has a substantial bed of sushi rice underneath the poke, but unless you're one of those folks from an Asian background where your parents threatened that if you didn't clean your rice bowl since the residual pieces of rice would pretty much resemble the pock-marked face of your future spouse, feel free to leave some of that rice behind.  Options for Poke rice bowl include the regular, with avocado (add 1 dollar), and DO NOT confuse the spicy ahi tuna bowl as poke....it is pretty much mushed up tuna mixed with spicy mayo that would likely get a 5 star yelp review if yelp existed for cats rating their food.  

I went with the regular Poke bowl and requested they add some chili sauce (the one with the green cap and rooster on the bottle, much more intense than Sriacha), since I was concerned the spicy mayo would overpower the natural flavors of the poke.  The bowl is served along with fresh sliced cucumbers, some marinated onions, and a few fried taro chips.   The poke had a very pleasing texture (chewy but not gummy), not overly seasoned, and tasted very fresh (may not be as good right off the island since the tuna was obviously frozen en route to Vegas).   My advice would be to stop poking your friends on facebook with flying sheep or watching that episode of Pokemon which induced epileptic seizures in young Japanese kids, go poke the person sitting beside you and come down here for some high quality poke.

One final note: for Spam Musubi fans, theirs is loaded with way too much rice much like their Poke bowls.
No spots like this in LA.  Just thinking about this place Makes me want to drive to Vegas just to order some poke!!!  Definitely worth it to drop by and pick some up for the drive home, and their breakfast choices are pretty good too (Portuguese sausage and eggs mmmmm)!!!!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Can't say enough good  things about this place. Coming from the east coast, I had not had an opportunity to have a dish like this since I went to the islands over a decade ago. You walk up and the couple behind the counter make you feel so welcome. You can sample anything before you buy it, on Mondays the price drops per pound, and they comply very easily with special requests (more spicy, less spicy,more sauce, less sauce). Their prices can be a shock at first but going to your local supermarket, you'll find the same prices per pound without the special care they take to make the yummy poke. Overall, I say RUN don't walk to Poke Express. And hurry cuz they close at 6pm on the weekdays and 8pm on weekends or whenever they run out of fish whichever comes first.
Yay!!!  

Yummy POKE done right!  I'm so happy I found you!
I just have to write this review after lunch, in my class! 
I love finding these hole in the wall places with really good food amid all the chain restaurants.  I tried 3 kinds of poke: spicy ahi poke, spicy avocado poke & furikake poke. All were really good... The tuna is very flavorful and does not have that fishy taste and gummy texture. Flavors are well balanced and service is good. The guy behind the poke counter made me try almost everything. I also tried their garlic chicken which was also very good and served in a bento box with rice and noodles. very good price and you have to come early during the day because once the poke is gone, that's it! will definitely come back here when I visit Vegas again.
"I want to try poke (as in to jab or prod, pronounced p, long o, k)" my Chi town poker bud tells on the way to the cashier holding racks of checks that once belonged to me.

"Huh?" I reply

"Yeah, you know, poke, the raw fish stuff you guys from Hawaii eat" he attempts to clarify.

"I don't get it.  The hell you saying?" I say looking like a confused dog with my head tilted to one side.

"Poke made with fish, you know poke, poke, poke" being totally serious as he jabs his finger into my side.

Yes, were talking ahi limu poke, wasabi shoyu poke, etc. 

Is it as good as back home?  No.  But it is prepared in a way that makes it more approachable to mainland taste.  Cultural sharing through food is a good thing.

The various selections of ahi poke are made from previously frozen fish.  The sauces are deeply flavored but since the fish is not fresh when marinated, the flavor does not permeate it, just coats the outside.  Limu (fresh, raw seaweed) is used very sparingly and lacks the texture and ocean flavor you would expect.  Several types of poke such as the raw salmon (with onion, green onion, soy, sesame oil and sesame seeds) and  ahi kim chee poke (exactly as it's name implies) are not traditional but taste surprisingly good.

Prices are high compared to Hawaii (about $12.50 per pound for frozen fish) but expected.  It's a poke shop in the desert after all.

Recommended for those wanting a taste of Hawaii or the Hawaii expat jonesing for a fix of home.

As for my bud, I never corrected his mispronunciation.  Payback for poking me in the side and bluffing me out of a huge pot.
Although this place isn't close to where we live, we went all the way over there to try their poke after reading the good reviews about this place.  My wife ordered their ahi poke bowl and I had the oxtail soup.  The oxtail soup was very tasty and you get quite a big bowl for $9.00.  You also get two scoops of rice with it.  The ahi poke bowl was just okay.  You get quite a big portion of tuna on top of a big bowl of rice, but the ahi wasn't tasty enough and it didn't taste all that fresh. A big disappointment for my wife.  The place was quite busy though.  If we lived closer, we might go back to try something else.  But not worth the half hour trip there.
.
Super convenient spot for lunch in the area for me because of the counter service.
My order is the ahi poke bowl, it's ready pretty quick and usually there is a table to sit at and enjoy. 
I have also ordered from the deli to try a couple different kinds, the spicy poke is my favorite.
If it was as fresh as I wish it was every time, then it would be 5 stars, but the stuff is so good, and they make it look so pretty, that I can't complain. Their oxtail soup looks pretty ono, so I will give it a try soon...a nice option on this side town of town.
I have been here a couple times.  I originally found it by looking at the reviews for Island Sushi.  They don't have a big sign for the express side.  It's just a turtle on the door.  

the first time I went here I went a little late no knowing that they closed this side a little early.  I went to the "poke deli counter," at least that's what I have dubbed it.  The older guy working the station was very helpful.  There is so much to choose from and he made a great recommendation.  

Let's fast forward to my most recent visit. I showed up at noon and just ordered from the front counter.  There was a short line.  The place wasn't packed but there were a few people sitting down.  I wanted Poke so I ordered the Ahi Poke bowl.  Which I guessed was tuna and rice.  It was kind of on the expensive side.  I paid $9.50 as this was the market price at the time.  When I got the bowl it was pretty heavy.   And it was a good thing because I was hungry!  Now if you ever come here you have to order at least one malasada.  I had no idea what this incredible Hawaiian pastry was until last summer. One of my coworkers brought some from this place.  I like the custard filled ones.  

So if you are ever in the mood for some raw tuna and in a rush, Poke express is your place!  Cheers!
YUM! If you like sushi, then I recommend this place! Def not for those who are afraid to eat raw fish. If you're not sure of what things are, they will gladly describe and give you a little sample to help you decide.
This location is so stealthy, but equally delicious! It's amazing to have fish like this in the middle of the desert. Don't forget the ocean salad to go with your ahi poke!
5 stars. Nuff said

....ok, I guess this wasn't a good enough review so let me elaborate. I'm from out of town and no matter where I am in Vegas I will come here during my visit and before I leave to grab some Poke. My favorite is the Spicy Ahi Poke but as I said before everything else is equally as good too. If you're local or from out of town, stop by and check it out...that is, if you're not afraid of raw seafood =)
I got to the store pretty late in the day and was disappointed to see that the only poke left was the furikake ahi. But when the man at the counter gave me a sample of the poke, I was no longer disappointed. The 1 inch cubes of very fresh tuna that were not overly salty. The flavor of the fish was not being overpowered by the marinade and was allowed to shine. I wish I could have tried everything they had to offer if what was left over at the end of the day was any indication of how good their food is.
The wasabi poki is amazing
Wow, thanks yelp! Who knew you could find awesome quality poke in LV? We stopped by here on our way out of town, followed the directions of other fellow yelpers to the back of the plate lunch restaurant. The owner was very nice and generous with the samples. We ended up getting the Shoyu, Furikake, Spicy, and Spicy Combo. Everything was delicious, but I'd say my favorite is the Furikake, with just the perfect amount of sweet. 

Just note though that I thought about docking one star because the prices were a lot more than I saw on other reviews. We paid $15 a pound for each, a big difference from the 10 and 11 I saw before coming. There's a sign up that says that the prices will fluctuate based on the market price. It does add up, but I didn't really mind since our tummies and taste buds were so satisfied. 

Make sure to bring a cooler and ice in the car and you can enjoy a delicious dinner after your long drive back to LA.
Wow wow wow. I love this place. Where else in Vegas can you get fish this fresh and just be able to walk out the door with it and enjoy it in the comfort of your own home? I'm going to say... hardly anywhere. 

I came to Poke Express with the intention to pick up some poke. But as I entered I saw that it is also connected to Island Sushi. What a wonderous place this little hole in the wall is. It is bursting with amazingness! You can get Hawaiian plates, sushi, and poke and be able to sit down and eat them right there. OR you can do what I did, which is to go straight to the poke counter and order up delicious poke to go in little containers!

The poke here is priced based off of market prices, so sometimes you may come and find your poke has fluctuated in price, but considering the quality of the fish and the great way the poke is prepared, I would be more than willing to spend a few extra bucks if market prices are high. There are many varieties. On my visit I ordered the Spicy Ahi with Avocado and the Salmon Poke (with special sauce). I have since tried both and they are both so good. The salmon may even be better to me than the spicy ahi AND it was a cheaper price. 

I can't even imagine eating fish any other way now. I don't want baked cod, I don't want smoked salmon, I don't want sushi covered in rice, I just want POKE!
Great place for loco moco for such a great price.  All you need is the mini portion; trust me on that.  Bang for your bucks!
Hawaii in Las Vegas??? The food here BROK' DA MOUT. This is my new favorite spot in Las Vegas. If you're staying at the big casinos, then you'll need a car to get here. I came here for lunch and ordered the ahi/avocado bowl. The last time I had one of these gems was on the Big Island and it was just as good, if not better. Knowing that we weren't going to have dinner until 10pm, my companion and I also ordered Bento boxes to go. I'm glad we did. I ordered the beef teriyaki with mochiko chicken. I haven't had mochiko chicken since a real Hawaiian made it for me years ago. My partner had the mahi mahi and teriyaki chicken and thought the latter was prepared well, but the mahi mahi was on the dry side. Surprisingly, the mahi mahi was NOT overcooked. Am I comin' back? You betcha. I'm pickin' up some food for my road trip back to "Cali" which is how people in Las Vegas (and probably elsewhere) refer to my home state. Lastly, I want to add that the man who served our food when it was ready was professional and courteous.
POKE IS AWESOME HERE!!
What are you waiting for?? Go now!
Wow! Thanks (again) to all my Yelp "friends"....  This place is fantastic! Considering how much I miss Hawaii & poke this really hits the spot!

Really, really good poke. We got the spicy combo, shoyu and ocean salad. It was so good we went back to get more to have for dinner later. Along with some huli huli chicken....  a special for today - lucky for us we showed up when they have this delicious dish available because from what the owner said it's not often. Also, I'm usually not a big fan of most versions of macaroni salad but be sure to try the mac salad here. It's some of the best I've ever had  

Great friendly service and we got a couple of malasadas to go.  I'm in heaven!
Of all the poke places in town, I think this is the best. The flavors are on point. Everything is well seasoned and delicious. The only negative is the price of poke went through the roof!!! It used to be way cheaper. Kind of mad prices nearly doubled.
I have been here four times now. Each time, a different order.

1. Kimchee Crab - It tasted great. However, getting the meat is just a headache. I would not get this, unless you really plan to spend more time picking at your food and working for it.

2. Ahi Poke w/ Limu - This was not that great. I really think the after taste is disturbing and prefer anything else. Even raw with no soy sauce.

3. Ahi Poke w/ Wasabi - This is great! I love that I do not need anything on the side to just eat this with a nice bowl of rice. I prefer having brown rice though.

4. Salmon w/ Wasabi - A MUST TRY! This is something you may ask them to make. They are glad to make it, and you will be glad you tried it!
Thank you Yelp!!!! This place is awesome. I can't wait to return to enjoy another bowl of delicious Ahi Poke. The portion size was great and my Ahi Poke rice bowl was the perfect lunch. My husband ordered the kalbi, which I thought was soo soo tasty. I wish the cuts of meat were a bit leaner, but we were eating beef short ribs, so what do I expect. The kalbi was accompanied by a mac salad, that I thought was better than the stuff I've eaten in HI. Not that I'm any sort of expert on mac salad, but it was damn good. Poke Express is connected to Island Sushi, but way way better than its neighbor. I will definitely be back!!
The family and I came here to satisfy our craving for poke.  Don't be discouraged by the empty trays, they will mix the poke fresh to order.  We ended up getting the ahi limu, shoyu and salmon poke.  All the fish was super fresh and so ono.  Guys behind the counter are very helpful and welcoming.  We also ended up ordering from their front counter the typical plate lunches...katsu chicken, teri chicken and bbq beef.  Didn't try any of the plate lunches but the hubby and the kids came away full and satisfied.  I ordered the oxtail soup instead.  The meat was falling off the bone.  It was yummy in it's fatty, brothy glory.  It came with two scoops of rice plus add'l garnishes (green onions & grated ginger).  

They close earlier than Island Sushi and they have a few tables if you want to eat in.  I believe you can also bring your food and eat on the Island Sushi side, but you have to order $40 of rolls from Island Sushi.  

Can't wait to return to Poke Express on our next trip to Vegas!
Hi, my name is Raul and I am addicted to Poke. I have a problem..and I cant stop eating it..Im like a zombie when I walk in and I must eat it all.

The food is simply awesome. So awesome that on the first bite, a mental soundtrack starts popping, and it changes every time I eat a different one.You got so many types of poke that it ll take you several trips to try each one . The owners are as sweet as they can be. Honest, hard working people , that serve you with a smile every time.

The spicy combo, tuna with avocado, Ahi Poke Limu are out of this world. I honestly eat it like its my last meal if I was on death row(might want to write this down)..Fresh, inexpensive and quick.

Only reason Im giving it 4 stars is because of the times of operation. 6pm closing time? really? ..Do you know how many tickets I've got for speeding from work to their spot. If it was until like maybe 8, it would def work better for me.
I'm a big ahi tuna poke fan, so I was very excited to check this place out! I tried the regular Ahi Tuna Poke and the Spicy Ahi Poke. I loved the regular Ahi Tuna Poke! The Spicy Ahi Poke was good, but not quite as good as the regular Ahi. The fish was so fresh and delicious. I find myself craving it! This is a place I will definitely be visiting again so I can try another of their many poke options.
So I was feeling blue one day and if you knew me (which most of you don't on a deep personal level...so take notes!), then you'd know that on my darkest, gloomiest days, the only thing that could lift my spirits is SALMON SASHIMI! And I definitely needed a good cheer-er upper. I decided to try Poke Express with the help of a friend referral (thanks Helen W!). 

First off, it is **LOCATED INSIDE ISLAND SUSHI** which is perfect because another friend of mine mentioned that Island Sushi was her favorite hole-in-the-wall sushi joint, and I've been wanting to check it out. So I went straight to the Poke bar and was seriously spell-bounded by this amazing concoction of chopped up sashimi. We don't have many Hawaiians in TX so this was pretty magical in my opinion. So many variations I had no clue what to do! Well I'm assuming I met the owner since he was referred to as 'Papa'. Let me just say, I might just repeatedly come back just to visit Papa. He was the sweetest man ever! He let me sample pretty much everything and got me full before I could even get to my order! If you're new to Poke like I am, it's basically chopped up cube-sized sashimi marinated in different variation of sauces. I saw a lot of variations of tuna, but also squid and shrimp choices. You order it by 1/2 lb, 1lb , and so on.

Of course I went for the salmon. I asked him to do whatever he wanted to it since I wasn't sure which sauce I would really prefer. Well easy enough the salmon already has it's own special sauce. I wanna say it's the Shoyu but not sure. He mixed it with green and yellow onions and sprinkled it with sesame seeds. LOVED IT. And the most important factor.. IT WAS EXTREMELY FRESH.

1/2 lb cost me about $7.55 & it was definitely a good portion for just one person.

LADIES AND GENTLEMAN I FOUND MY FAVORITE SUSHI PLACE IN VEGAS! 

*crowd roaring*
Well, what to say... Almost all the reviewers have hit the nail on the head.  If you love poke, think you might want to try poke, don't event know what poke is - go to Poke Express and fall in love with some of the best poke on the planet.  And great prices to boot.

If its your first time, its a little confusing to figure out - since its really 3 restaurants under one roof.  Only problem is their hours - they close too early
This smaller outlet of Poke Express is disappointing.  Would rather make the trek up north for much better poke.   Service is good, but the issues here are the brown discolored fish I've seen more than once in the glass display case.  Often times they cut with the grain or there is too much sinew in the poke.  Just doesn't taste the same or have the nice texture that you would see at the location on Craig Road.
A lonely Saturday night.  Brothers were not interested in eating because of  a heavy lunch.  I went on Yelp, and typed "Dinner" and found POKE EXPRESS!!  

What a pleasant surprise!!!  

I tried to find their menu online, but I called to confirm they don't have one.  Oh well, so I drive down and ready to get some quick dinner to go. 

I arrived around 7pm.  While there weren't many options left, they still had less than a pound of salmon left.  The guy who was helping me was asking me what to add in it, and I advised him I have never been here before.  He was very happy to help and offered samples of what they do have left.  I ended up getting the salmon (all of that's left), a quarter pound of the raw octopus, and half a pound of something like clams (I don't remember what it's called - but it's DELICIOUS!)  All for less than $20!

The guy also tell me that if I arrive earlier around 11am / 12pm, I would have more options to choose from.  I am definitely coming back here!
For my Hawaii people: 
Brah, da buggah stay FRESH and `ono! 

Translation: Very fresh, very delicious poke!

That's probably all you need to know... Gogogogogogo~
Poke is not fresh, it was previously frozen. it's still good. This place is close to my house so I usually come by every week. The workers are friendly and helpful. I have yet to try the sushi side.
I make room in my schedule to come here every time I go to Vegas.  The fish and service are top notch.  They encourage you to sample everything, answer any questions, and never hurry you even when there's a line.  

At my first visit, I told them that I found the store through yelp after suffering a major poke craving (since Vegas has a big Hawaiian population, I thought there had to be poke somewhere right!?!!) and made my friends change our drive home plans so we could go there when they opened.  The lady behind the counter added bags of ice for the long drive home and told us to call ahead next time, that staff come in early to prep for the day and make fresh poke and would gladly open the store for us. 

Thoughts of poke brought me in to this place but their service keeps me coming back.

P.S.  Get some malasadas on your way out.  They make them hot and fresh.
Spicy ahi combo.. i LOOOOVE. if you really like spicy ahi, you must try this!!!! i really also like their limu poke, perfect seasoning!
love this place...prices are steep but worth it!
I love POKkkkEeeee!!!! Every since I left Hawaii I thought I'll never get to eat good POKE...But nOw i found it! I'm from LA but I will make my visit to get some POKE. I didn't know POKE can be so addicting! They have different kind of POKe...Must try! I heard the other location have more choices. I'm gonna try that place next time.
Ahi avocado bowl...holy hell, this thing is awesome.  Insane amounts of ahi, avocado, cucumber, and rice all for $10.  I have been eating here once a week for the last year, they don't even ask what I am ordering any more.  I am usually the only howlie in this place but I think they have finally accepted me.  

PS - Don't go here for lunch because that is when I go, I need to keep the lines short.
Best poke I absolutely love love love this place spicy salmon is my fav fav fav
Had my first taste of poke at a fine dining establishment, and needed a poor woman's version....Yelp helped me find Poke Express...and OMG...It's like i died and gone to Hawaii....only I've never been there.  But if i had, i can only imagine that the poke here is as good as the poke in Hawaii.  The tuna - it's like butter. Add some rice and avocado and lock me away forever.  It could easily be my last meal on earth.
I thought I had written a review for this place a long time ago already, oops!

Before my Vegas trip to visit Joanna W, I used Yelp to plan all the places that I need to go eat! :D Poke Express was... hrm, good. But overall, I felt like it was just missing something I can't quite pinpoint to give the place 5 stars. Some of the food was a little too salty for my tastes as well.

Execution and service was awesome, however. I liked the simplicity and the man behind the counter was very patient with me since I wanted to sample so many items. :)
Wow. Everything I tried was really good. It was weird because this place is inside island sushi. Other than that everything was really good. My group and I sampled a lot of the items and the person helping us didn't seem to mind. It was really simple with a person behind the counter and all of the pokes in the display. The person helping us was very nice and patient with us. I ended up getting the spicy ahi poke with masago and mayo. I definitely recommend coming here or at least trying.
POKE!

My fiancee and I came here because we missed Hawaii and had to get our fix! We use yelp, and you guys were right! It was so good. We had the spicy salmon poke, spicy ahi, furikake ahi and combination poke. 

It ALL tasted great. The service there was super friendly and when we saw the spam masubi, we couldn't pass it up. If they have the spam musubi katsu I would recommend that. You really can't lose with anything there. It's ALL good. 

If you are a first time visitor, look for "Island Sushi" at this location because they share the space there. When you walk into Island Sushi, half of it is poke express and the other half is the Island Sushi restaurant. (just a heads up). 

Poke Express, if you are reading this, PLEASE OPEN UP A STORE IN CHICAGO!!! You will do excellent business there. Believe that!  We don't have a poke "source" there so you would have ALL of our business. = )
On one of my recent trips here to LV... I had to make the trip out to Poke Express to compare with my joint (Hawaiian Style Poke in Chinatown) to see which one is better....  This had great reviews as well so I was really excited!

Small tiny spot at the back of the store... could be hard to find but just ask the cashier in front and they will direct you right to it!

Overall, many flavors to choose from...

In the cold counter, you can pick your choices and even try some samples before you buy!

Got the spicy ahi and the flavor was good but it wasn't as tasty as Hawaiian style poke simply because it didn't have as much red onions and green onions in the mix... you'd be surprised that these little spices on the side truly makes a difference...

Service was good, but not as great as Hawaiian Style Poke.... 

Still expensive... but what do you expect for eating fresh sashimi?

When you are in the area, try them out!  But I think the winner between the battle of POKES in LV goes to Hawaiian Style Poke in Chinatown....  Don't fret Poke Express, you are not a bad choice by any means!  

Sort of healthy and Yum!
This is the one place I must eat at whenever I'm in Vegas.  Once, I drove to Target to buy a cooler to take poke back home with me. lol. The old man behind the poke counter bagged it up and gave me a lot of ice for my drive home :)

My favorites are the spicy poke and the wasabi poke.. I wish there were poke places like this in LA.. I miss walking into a market in hawaii and just buying it off the deli counter.. for now, i either make it at home or try to get my fill whenever I'm in Vegas.

Oh, and order fried saimin to go.. you'll be happy after you come back to your hotel room drunk..  LOL
I crave you,furikake!  Sooooo ono!
Poke express is a definite stop for authentic Hawaiian food. It is located inside the Island Sushi and Grill restaurant. If you like Poke, this is the best in Las Vegas. It is set up at it's own counter, and offers about a dozen different varieties, each one extremely fresh and tasty. You can also request a free sample before you make a purchase. I usually stick with salmon and tuna poke, however i have been tasting different varieties such as mussel poke kimchee style which was delicious and fresh. There is also a grilled section which offers traditional Hawaiian favorites such as kahlua pig and cabbage, loco moco, and many others that are my husband's favorites. They also have a bakery section.
Really like that place!!!

Cheap, Healthy, Tasty, great variety (best in Vegas by far) and super conveniently located for Anthem/Green Valley locals. 

We REALLY need more good and Healthy Local spots like this in our neighborhood I am freakin tired of Wendy's and other chains...

Very Friendly service.

BUT Closing time is way too early around 6pm... Perfect for an healthy lunch but not recommended for dinner, too bad, I would love some Poki on my way back from work

My favorite: furikaki poki, kim Chi cucumbers, Salmon Poki with special sauce, Ocean (seaweed salad), Dried fish slices (can't remember the name)
The pieces of Tuna are cut a little bit too big for my taste but nothing that a sharp knife cant fix.

Also they mentioned that the Tuna is previously frozen unfortunately but it actually taste very very fresh. Extremely surprising.

The prices are also surprisingly low for the quality of the food, you would pay 20 times more in any sushi/seafood restaurant by the Strip.
Definitely a great value for what you get.

There is a Hawaiian grill in the exact same location that stay open later (10pm I think)
and I would highly recommend their stir fried saimin noodles and the oxtail soup with freshly grated ginger and cilantro.

Their coconut flan is pretty good too, one of my fav dessert of all time but in my opinion you cannot go wrong with coconut anyway ;)

Their assortment of cakes behind the window look Absolutely delish and beautiful, I have too look away every single time! 

I didnt like their homemade kim chi that much taught... Its not bad but I had better.

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that is not scared of raw fish and that is looking for a healthy yet tasty meal.

Very close from the LVAC on eastern and 215 :)
Super good and super fresh poke.  I like getting a 1/2 lb of the spicy combo poke (mayo, avocado, and other delicious goodness), a 1/2 lb of the poke w/shoyu (regular poke w/soy sauce dressing), and a 1/2 lb of their seaweed salad and I'm all set!

The poke here is absolutely delicious and I will keep going back for each poke craving I get.  The staff are really friendly, they let you sample the stuff before you buy it, and the poke just really speaks for itself and delivers.
This place is so good!!!
Yum! Me and the hubs tried the poke with shoyu, the spicy poke and something else that I can't remember. 

HOLY YUM. Can't go wrong with any of the poke that they have....and I'm from Hawaii :)
The poke is always fresh and the service is always friendly and hospitable. They let you sample as many items as you like. Sizes rance from a 1/4 lb plastic container to 1lb plastic containers. Right now open 9AM-9PM.
Wow...  i love sushi and when i found this place on yelp, i knew i had to try it out.  i came to vegas for business and took a drive out here.  it's really hard to find because it shares a storefront with another hawaiian joint.  poke express is really just a deli type counter.  the man was really nice.  i asked if i can try one first.  he said, why don't you try them all.  at first, i thought he was being sarcastic, but he then gave me a sample of every single fish he had.  my favorite was the spicy tuna with avocado and the tuna with shoyu.  i bought 1/2 pound of both.  no regrets at all.  the fish is so tender and fresh.  omg, i have never eaten a whole pound of tuna in one day.  i am so happy i came here.  honestly, for the portion, i would expect to pay over $50 in new york., but this place charges $15.95 a pound,  my two containers were $19.  before i left, he asked me if i wanted to try the other stuff he had.  i politely said no, because he's just a small business owner and i don't want to eat him out of his profits.  but he's obviously really proud of his business.  this is the stuff of happiness - poke and a bowl of hot steaming rice.
If you're looking for fresh poke this is the place to go. They have a wide variety to choose from, and they also have yummy deserts! I'm yet to try the sushi here. Overall, it's a great place with chill vibes and a friendly atmosphere!
We ordered from the Island Sushi menu first.  I got a mini garlic chicken, my boyfriend got a bento box  (teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef, rice, and noodles).  Because it was quite a busy Friday night, I walked over to Poke Express and order 1/4 lb of Furikake Ahi Poke to munch on while waiting for our food.

The Ahi Poke was tasty, but alright.  The same thing can be said about the main orders.  The garlic chicken was ok, however I didn't care for neither the teriyaki beef or chicken on my boyfriend's bento box order.. nothing about the food really blew us away.

The place is really small.  I'm surprised we were able to get a table.  Since they were pretty busy that night, there was a wait to get a table in the sushi section.  

Overall I'm glad I tried the hype.. but wasn't impressed enough to become a repeat visitor.
Pretty good poke. I know I'm skewed because I'm just comparing it to the stuff in Hawaii, which is cheaper and fresher. But, then again there is not much in Las Vegas that could compare to this place. 

We got a half a pound of the spicy avacado ($8) and a quarter pound of spicy ahi combo ($5). Both were about 7/10. Ordered a side of rice which came with 2 scopes for about 2 bucks. Tipped the guy cause he was nice and let us try them.

Will return when I'm craving poke again
This was my first experience having poke! But I'd seen some friends on yelp that had been there! I love fresh fish! Poke express is located inside Island Sushi. You have to stand in the back by the case of poke. The service was terrible. I waited 10 minutes for someone to help me. I was starting to question if I was at the right spot to order. They have a front place to order other items, but they aren't really connected unless you are buying from both. Finally I placed my order. At least waiting all that time let me decide on which poke to pick. I got a 1/4 lb kimchi mussels, 1/4 lb poke combo with crab, ahi tuna & avocado in a spicy mayo, & 1/4 lb spicy ahi tuna poke with avocado. They were all very yummy. The combo poke with the spicy mayo & crab was my favorite! 
Overall I really enjoyed the food, but if i could score the service separately I'd give it a zero!  I don't know if it was just the day or if waiting a long time is normal. (I was there around 2pm on a Friday).  If you get a hankering for some poke you might want to be prepared to wait.
Ever since visiting Hawaii for the first time 3 years ago, i have fallen in love with everything Hawaii. The islands, culture, people, and especially the food. Living in Las Vegas we are lucky enough to have a wide array of Hawaiian restaurants. They don' t call us the 9th island for nothing i guess.

Poke Express is up among the top of my list. Located on Eastern. Prepare to take a nap if heading south and trying to make that left turn. Unbelievable how busy that street is. But located and adjoined to Island Style sushi which i haven't had the pleasure to try yet, but i will eventually. Poke express is more for Hawaiian favorites, a deli style case full of Poke, and a small case of tasty looking baked goods.

I have been here several times now, and give it 5 stars each time. The Poke section is one of the best i have seen. They have a good 15-20 different selections, made fresh daily. A lot of Tuna varieties, Salmon, and Tako. I like that they let you try samples before you buy. Most varieties run about $16 a pound and you can get the sauce right in the Poke or on the side. My wife absolutely loves the Poke here.

The Hawaiian specialties are all good. Big variety. Loco Moco, Ramen, Kalua Pig, etc. My little hobby has been to try everyone's loco moco. This version ranks right up there. They have a mini and a regular. Regular be prepared not to eat again till dinner. It's HUGE!! felt like 5 pounds i swear. The rice is cooked perfect, nicely done over-easy eggs, delicious juicy beef patty, and topped by very good rich brown gravy. My next time I would really like to try their bakery section. The guava cake looks delicious.

If you are looking for Hawaiian in Henderson, consider Poke express. delicious food all the way around. And it should be noted how extremely friendly and helpful the staff is. It makes your visit great. Aloha!
The poke here is yummie and it hits the spot. It's hard to give 5 stars only cause I am a little bias. I'm used to eating fresh poke every time I visit Hawaii. 

This place is the best option for poke in Vegas area! Good thing I live close. 

Thursdays they have poi too! :)
This place is a hidden gem I swear! Their food is soOoo yummy! The Garlic Chicken flavorful.  I also tried  the furikake poke which was marinated perfectly!  Deserts were deli. as well.  This place is so addicting, I went back the next day!  Love this place, it definitely brings out the Hawaiian culture in the food!
Comparing to some phenomenal Poke at top restaurants, Hawaii, and southern California I'd say "I'm a fan" but I wouldn't say it's as good.  Pricing was fair.

This place is a dive though that's about 100 degrees and just has a dirty, greasy feel.  

I would definitely take out but would never dine here again.
Closest thing to getting Poke from the islands without traversing the Pacific...
Hawaii in Las Vegas, Aloha!!

One of my yelp friend (Sandra S) raved about this place on her last visit to sin city. I love Hawaiian food so I bookmarked it knowing I was going in December. Fast forward a few months and I'm in Hawaiian Heaven. 

Here's the run down:
Fried Mac N Cheese Balls - a good starter. It was fried perfectly and the mac n cheese was so creamy inside. It was cheap too. $2.45 for 4 big pieces. Delicious 

We came here for the Poke, we got:
Shoyu Ahi poke - my favorite, Delicious. 
Ahi Furukake poke - it was still a bit frozen, but still good. 
Spicy Ahi Combo w/ Crabs, Avocados & Cucumber - my favorite 1A. Delicious
Tako poke w/ Limu (seaweed) - octopus was super tender. 
 The Ahi's were big chunks of raw tuna. So fresh, so good. You've got to try this place if you like poke. 

We also got some hot dishes.
Loco Moco - we were all loco for this dish. The best loco moco I've ever had. The hamburger was just so flavorful and you get two big hand made patties. The gravy is just money. With two eggs & two scoops of rice. Oh man, this alone made the trip here so worth it. Delicious. Must order here. 

Kalua Pig & Cabbage - another winner. Authentic Hawaiian dish. No fake smoke, tender, juicy goodness. Yum yum yum. 

Kalbi - Delicious, fall off the bone tender and  the marinade was spot on. Cooked to perfection. Delicious. 

Hilo Bay Bento Special - this had everything. A piece of spam, pork cutlet, pork teriyaki, beef short rib, noodles, pickled radish and all on a bed of rice. This dish is a mouthful and everything was so so good. It's a special, so they might not have it everyday, but if they do, get it. You won't regret it. 

The service was very friendly and helpful. We ordered a lot of  food and kept adding to the order and the guy taking the order was very patient with us. 

The place is small. A few tables (for 2 only) line the wall. Get your food to go. 

I need a nap now after that luau we just had. 
Hawaiian food done right. 

Sandra, thank you for the recommendation!!

I'll definitely be back
Nothing to get excited about the poke is anything but & their really wasnt anything I tried that blew my skirt up.
This restaurant surprised and dazzled my friends with the poke bowl, of which they all said they wanted to order after they tried a little of mine (I'm thankful that they didn't try to take more of mine, because they were staring at it like a pack of wolves until their orders were ready).  The portion size for the poke bowl was large, but definitely did not have the gigantic piles of rice and meat that the traditional Haiwaiian BBQ places and dishes (this place included) have.  But that's ok, because it was enough for me to finish without feeling like I was bloated with excess rice and macaroni salad.  In any case, would come here again just for the poke bowl.  I might even order their ahi poke, because the poke was pretty fresh.
first off, we drove around the parking lot a couple of times searching for poke express signage .. nope, there was only a little window decal on the door of island sushi and grill. after seeing rave reviews on yelp for the poke i had to try this place but perhaps my expectations were too high because i was thoroughly disappointed. 

i arrived thinking i would be able to take a look at the poke in the window and be able to pick but they were only making it to order. so there was hardly anything sitting in the display case...

the set-up for the store is awkward as well needless to say we we're confused on where to order..

the food itself was just okay. i ended up thinking to myself that this was definitely not worth the drive from the strip in search for...
I had once came across this place when hearing about poke being available in Vegas, but never did I think that I would find a place that could match some of the food that I had picked up when in the islands. 

I've been born and raised on a Hawaiian/Japanese mix of food growing up with my background being such, so to stumble upon a place that could match that island feel in the middle of a desert was great!

Their poke selection was pretty good and fairly reasonable. I went early in the morning, so I probably beat the lunch rush, which seemed to be coming in as I left. Not realizing that this place was located in Island Grill, I was happy to be able to order a full meal with my spicy avocado poke. 

Just like the hole-in-the-wall musubi place in O'ahu, I was able to get my small bento box with mochiko chicken! While there was nothing fancy about it, it definitely had the authentic feel of a meal I could pick up in the islands. 

The poke itself was also delicious! The ahi looked and tasted fresh and mixed with the avocado, it ended up being a great treat to eat with my bento box. 

It's a small place, but you'll get a good range of things you can find in the islands during your getaway in the desert of Las Vegas.

A Few Fun Facts
- Poke means to slice or cut. 
- Southern California hosts a poke festival
5 stars for the Furikake ahi poke!! so BIG TIP for anyone who doesnt know about this place... its located in the Island Grill!!  nexxt to the sushi place... 

So good and reasonable price.. I absolutely fell in love with the poke!  
Check it out  if you want the simple shoyu or the amazing Furikake! Do it!  they come in sizes 1/4 pound 1/2 pound a pound or 2 pounds! just try some of each to know which one you like definately some good poke!! 

yum yum in my tum tum!!! 


Check it out!!
Came here on a Saturday afternoon at 4pm. Lots of people on both sides including poke express. Since it was after 1pm, all orders are made upon order. I've came to this location before as well as the other one, on the north side of town, but I've always had 1 thing lacking.... SPICY ! I saw at this location, they had a wasabi ahi (overheard from another person in line it gives a punch) as well as the spicy ahi... EXTRA spicy. 

Guy measured about of tuna with container in fridge and went to mix each one. After the wasabi ahi one was made, he started on the spicy ahi. Due to my order being EXTRA spicy, he pulled this small bottle from the fridge. I don't know what it is but I believe Thats definitely not what they usually use ! 

After paying, I left and of course couldn't wait to try it. Tried the wasabi ahi first. Oh man! Definitely packs a punch to the sinuses ! Wow ! Not expected to be that strong ! I like :D this one was mixed like a limu or shoyu ahi with sliced onions (which by the way soaks up wasabi too so that punched me as well totally unexpected!), as well as masago, and sesame seeds. 

Now the EXTRA spicy ahi (doh! forgot to tell him to put less mayo) for some reason, they put a lot. But aside from that.... Oh man it's spicy ! Woohoo ! A little lacking on the masago on this one :x sad. XD 

Overall, oh man love it ! Spicy n sinus clearing ! What a snack I picked up today ! Gotta eat them all !
I am crazy about poke - i can eat it everyday.  There's not a lot of places in town to get poke or at least where you can choose from various selections.  So I'm thrilled that this location is in town.  I remember during recent trips to Oahu I would walk into an everyday market and it feels like you're in an ice cream shop sampling and deciding between 31 flavors or varieties of octopus, salmon, tuna, oyster poke.  

Poke Express is definitely the poor man's version but hey were not in Hawaii so gotta lower expectations.  I liked how you can get poke freshly made to order after 1pm.  The furikake was definitely my favorite at 15-16 bucks a pound.

Sadly the taco with limu, lomi lomi, and seaweed salad did not taste as fresh.  I still ate every bite of it but it just wasn't up to par with the furikake. 

Navigating your way out of the parking lot onto Eastern can be a b1tch but that doesn't stop all the Hawaiians and poke fans from coming her and I'll make my way back. This place will hold me over till I find my way back to Hawaii.
best poke in town, service is fast and friendly.. lots of flavors to choose from. Mean grinds !!!!
Their salmon poke with the special sauce is the best!  Every time I visit Las Vegas, I will always get a couple pounds of the stuff whenever I'm heading back to Orange County.  And even though that sounds like a lot, I'll polish it all off in a couple days or less.  I also love their cucumber kimchi.

I always pick up a couple things to eat on the drive back too, usually the mochiko chicken and the loco moco.  There is nowhere in the OC (or even LA) that makes loco moco nearly as good.  The Loft and L&L, in particular, should hang their heads in shame.  The gravy is dark and rich and flavorful and portion-size is huge.  They sell a few desserts as well, a real stand-out is the butter mochi.
Always stop at this location when I'm in the area. Can't really comment on service because every time I've been there has been a line attest 5-6 people deep so you can tell they are trying to get it down quick leaving no room for a personalized experience. But I'm ok with that because I get in, get what I want and go! Poke is always fresh and flavorful.
It's always hard to find a good poke place.  I know here in California I have to jump through hoops and drive distances away just for some good poke.

While I was in Vegas, my friend suggested Poke Express.  They have a display full of several kinds of poke.  There's also a display of the different kinds of poke they offer, so if it's not on display, ask, and they may have it in the back.

I tried the spicy ahi and wasabi poke.  The spicy ahi definitely has a kick.  But I don't like sauce on my poke, and this was my friend's choice.  What I did like was the wasabi poke.  Definitely has the potential to clear out your sinuses, so beware.  The wasabi is for sure in there.  I loved it.  The fish tasted pretty fresh, and the flavor was on point.  I will very likely be coming back here to get my poke fix again.

I also tried their Saimin Deluxe.  It's a huge bowl with all the fixings.  So good on a colder day.  In addition, the spam and egg masubi was a great snack to take with me before I went clubbing that night.  Not too much rice or sauce, so I could actually taste the spam and egg.  Glad, because some places love to just pile that stuff on!!
Love, love, love their poke! (And limu/kimchee tako too!) They've got so many options vs other local shops around town, which makes me drive across town on my days off. 

They will package your poke and sauces on the side so you can help yourself when you're home. If you don't see what you want, ask. They always pull the fish out the fridge for us. I would suggest bringing a little cooler of ice when you're traveling a far distance to keep the fish cold! 

Oh and they're located inside the Island Sushi Grill Restaurant, just walk in on the left side.
This place saved me!!! I was dying to get some ahi poke. Just a random craving so I turned to yelp and typed in ahi poke and this spot was the first one to pop out. Definitely a place to try for me since its pretty close to my house. I walked in, I was greeted right away. Then i walked to the counter to look at their poke flavors but nothing was on there! Turns out you just have to ask em and they make it for you. Fish tasted so fresh! The seasonings were on point. I dont usually write reviews for places but this definitely made me happy! My number 1 poke spot!
Finally made it to this place after reading reviews and hearing good things from a friend. Wandered into the place having no idea what to expect due to the tented windows and was pleasantly surprised to feel like I was stumbling into a hole in the wall plate lunch place in Hilo Hawaii. They had some good hawaiian tunes playing which I thoroughly enjoyed. Walked to the back where there was a display case with a pretty good selection of poke.  Got 1 lbs of the spicy ahi ($18 yikes, but we are in the middle of the desert) and took it to go and ate it with my own coconut rice at home.  As far as poke goes if i was going to rate it as if I were back home in Hawaii I would say that it meets the Foodland grocery store deli quality, not out of this world fresh but well seasoned and the right texture. They also had a sign for Hanalei Poi on Thursdays which I would like to try with my poke the next time I stop by. Hanalei Poi is my favorite Poi and I'm curious how well it travels to Vegas.  I decided to give this place 5 stars based on the experience and the fact that the poke was decent for a land locked state..... not 5 star by Hawaii standards so as long as you keep that in mind its a great find!
Always a stickler for great service and it's almost always on point here whether you go to the poke express side or the island sushi side. Everyone is reallly friendly and the food is awesome, sometimes the wait at the poke side is a little long but what can you do? It's worth, I always have enough left over for dinner so like $10 isn't bad for a teriyaki beef and rice plate isn't bad at all and my boyfriend and I go in almost every Monday night for sushi. I love the crap out of this place and their happy hour and half off sake and beer! Cheers!
I love the kim chee mussel poke it's spicyness is perfect and it's only 7.99 a pound what a great deal for something so onolocious
I'm not Hawaiian, but I do like Hawaii. I can't really tell you if this is authentic or not, but it's delicious!

If you like salmon, be sure to get there early because it sells out pretty quickly. My favorite is the salmon with spicy mayo (they don't put it out, you have to ask for it). 

The employees are always friendly and easy going, true Hawaiian style. I haven't seen the older man who works there in a while, but he's like a kind uncle that makes you try everything until you're so full you're not even sure you want to order food anymore. 

If you order food from island sushi (also good), they'll bring your poke order over to the cash register so you can pay together.
Happy I found this place ! 
Tips: Poke express is inside the Island restaurant. If you want poke go to the back counter display window and order there and if you want rice dishes then go to the front cashier. You can pay for it together in the front. They won't let you order poke from the front cashier. 

My favorite is the ahi furikake. If you want something cleaner tasting, try the salmon with special sauce. 
Garlic chicken with rice is also pretty good.
My craving for awesome poke has been fulfilled and I have THIS place to thank for it.

I've been on the search for some good quality poke. There use to be a poke market located on Warm Springs and Arroyo Grande, but closed down 1.5 years ago so since then.. I've been searching and searching and FINALLY have tried this place.

They have a good range of different pokes which you can find on their website. I got 1/4 pound of their shoyu poke, 1/2 furikake poke, and 1/2 spicy tuna equaling out to be $24 (roughly). I can say that I am a fan of their furikake and spicy tuna. There's just so much flavor that my mouth is watering at the mere thought. The shoyu poke was good, don't get me wrong, but next to the furikake and spicy tuna (both pack a good punch of flavors) - this wasn't my favorite out of the 3. 

I will definitely be back to order more in the future. It's a piece of Hawaii in a small plastic container.

Tip: Call ahead of time to place your order. I'm not sure if their supply runs out, but better save than sorry.
I think the Poke Express moved out of this location and are only at the Craig Rd location. I go to the one at 655 West Craig Rd. North Las Vegas
I realize that I eat out often and get bored with the same old thing.  I love to try all different kinds of cuisine and love to share my experiences with others that love to eat and enjoy food as I do.

Poke Express is ONOLICIOUS!   The selection is vast and if you can't find what you like, the helpful staff will make it up for you.  I selected the traditional Hawaiian style Tuna Poke.  

I also picked up an order of Kahlua Pig with the Mac Salad and Rice.  It was very tasty but a bit salty.  

For anyone who wants a taste of Hawaii check out Poke Express or right next door Island Sushi.
No need to travel to Hawaii... This is the real deal! Did the all-you-can eat lunch. Lots of items to choose from and well worth it for only $22 per adult. Sushi, poke, chicken dishes were all great. Malasadas were soft and light. Haupia cake and Chantilly cake were mouth watering! Aloha spirit with every interaction of the staff! I will make this a necessary stop for all my upcoming Vegas trips!
Only reason why I'm giving this place a mediocre review is because of the cashier. I love Hawaiian food and go to a good number of restaurants that serve it. I've never been charged extra for getting "all mac salad" instead of the usual "mac salad and rice" ... until here. And if you're going to charge me for it, the least you could do is let me know first so I don't get it. The cashier was rude and not very smart. Food was typical Hawaiian bbq. The most positive thing about this place is their large selection of poke. The guy operating behind the poke stand was really friendly. But the poke wasn't really all that fresh. I probably wouldn't come back.
I love this place. I finally got to try it out on our last trip to Vegas. Located way off strip, we stopped in for lunch before our flight back home. 

We had a hard time finding it at first because we were looking for a Poke Express sign, but it's really in the same shop as the Island Grill restaurant which has also a Japanese place attached to it. I think it says it on the door at least.

We went in for poke, but ended up getting ahi and tako poke, fried saimin, loco moco, side of garlic chicken, AND a custard malasada. LOL yes I had to try everything. Loved the poke, saimin was OKAY, fiance LOVED the loco moco (they have brown rice btw), and we both really like the garlic chicken. Malasada was good. Just made me miss hawaii.

Overall we will be back! Credit cards accepted. Parking lot available but packed.
My family and I were on a weekend vacation from SoCal- my wife and I are originally from Oahu Hi - it's so hard to find Real Hawaiian style food where we live, made by real Hawaiian folks that were raised there so they know what the food is supposed to taste like- a local couple told us to come here and so we did and Wow!!! ...I'm soooo happy to have real Poke from folks that are FROM Hawaii!!! It makes such a difference! We also had local food from the restaurant part and it was super Ono!!! The good folks that work there are super nice and have real Aloha - We can't wait to come back!
I love this place! It's one of our favorites!! :D
Holy crap I was not expecting this at all. Most of the poke I've had is very bland and this one had tons of flavor! Poke avocado bowl for under $10 bucks? Come onnnn. And the portion is well worth it. I'm a huge poke fan and this by far is my favorite. Thanks poke express!
An absolute must-have stop in Vegas every time I'm out there. I've had some amazing poke before (including in Hawaii) but this place is so much better than the rest. My personal favorite is the ahi poke with furikake and the salmon with the special house sauce.

Located in a small strip mall across from Gold's Gym and situated inside Island Sushi grill. Don't let the small counter set up deceive you, this place has a lot of options and it is super fresh. Everything is made to order after 1pm so if you don't see what you want, just ask :) There isn't a lot of seating since this place is pretty small. I would say no groups more than 4 and it's perfect for take out.

So....who wants to go to Vegas for a poke pig out session?
Poke are great.   Simply done and many variations including mussels, octopus,  and salmon all sold by the pound.   If you are in a hurry skip the cooked foods, it takes much too long.  They have a dessert that looks like little cream puffs, gross, much too sweet and artificial.   Stick to the poke and be happy.
I am never disappointed with this place. I've yet to eat at the restaurant but the ahi bar is amazing! I always come in to get the spicy ahi bowl and a few sides of ahi. So yummy!
If you love pok then this is a must stop the next time you're in the Las Vegas area, for sure. They have ahi pok, tako(octopus) pok, salmon pok, and more. They come in different flavors, if they don't have one in the window, you can usually tell them and they'll be able to make more of it on the spot. The prices for the pok are really reasonable and you can get your favorite flavors and more for around $25 or less depending on how many pounds you're buying. This place also has some of the best Hawaiian plate lunches in Vegas and it also has a sushi restaurant that is also connected. So if you're in the mood for Hawaiian plate lunch and sushi then this is the place to be. Sometimes the spam musubis can be more rice like a rice block and I've had them look at it and made me another one free of charge because they knew that it's called a spam musubi and not a rice musubi for a reason. This place is definitely getting my business every time I'm in town.
Amazing!! I came at the recommendation of my new friend Elizabeth.

It's located in a small strip mall inside Island Sushi Grill. It's not on the strip, but there are two locations, both a little bit of a drive from the airport, and downtown Vegas, respectively. The airport one (this one) is the original, and supposedly is better!

Don't let the small counter and semi-empty looking trays fool you. After 1pm, everything is made to order, so just ask if they still have what you are looking for.

We got:
Ahi tuna poke with limu - Not too much flavor. Meh
Ahi tuna poke with shoyu - Mm.. classic poke flavor
Ahi tuna poke furikake style - This one is quite good too!
Salmon poke with house sauce - An interesting twist to the usual tuna poke

Prices are quite reasonable for poke. You can get poke in 1/4, 1/2 lb, and possibly other sizes larger than that. We got 4 1/4 trays, combined with a lunch special from Island Sushi Grill, and that split amongst 3 people was quite enough.

Definitely will come back if I'm in Vegas again and I have a car.
Omg!!! Why can't we have this in California. Reminds me of home ... Tanioka :( Ahi furikake and Spicy Tuna is a MUST!
Confusing to get to. It's actually inside another restaurant in a plaza. There was a small group of 5 ppl waiting for the server to help them. 

They were out of some of the poke. After coming back from Hawaii, these didn't look as appetizing. 

I came here based on the Yelp review ratings looking to fulfill my poke craving. 

Sorry, but I'll keep trying another place. I might come back earlier in the day.
Went here because there was a coupon for Buy One Get One 50% Off deal so i figured i can get some food that'll last me a while so no cooking for the next day.

Spam Musubi
Spam was cut REALLY thin and rice was piled on high. Should be renamed to "Rice Musubi with just a light hint of spam"

Seafood Combo

Shrimp Tempura
From the people that brought you "Rice Musubi with just a light hint of spam" comes Tempura With Just a Hint of Shrimp Between Thick Coats of Fried Batter. 

Mahi Mahi
Well it's lightly battered. Lightly as in how much spam is in the Rice Musubi with just a light hint of spam. LAUGHABLY thin i mean pork cutlets don't get this thin. Let me put it this way. When i opened the takeout container i saw everything except for the mahi mahi, got the menu to confirm there was mahi mahi then got ready to call the place because they forgot to give me the mahi mahi, it turns out it was under the shrimp but i didnt see it or think about it because it's laughably thin.

BBQ Chicken
Hello? HELLO?! TASTE?! FLAVOR?! AROMA?! ANYTHING?! yeah has no taste...put some MSG on it or something

Macaroni Salad
Tastes like Mayo! (I hate mayo!)

The other plate i got is the BBQ Combo

BBQ Beef
I swear they keep a deli slicer in the back so they can slice meat as THINLY AS POSSIBLE. Texture suggests the beef is brined with a baking soda solution to give it a softer more artificial tender.

Korean style Short Rib
I cant even look at it considering how disappointed i am with everything. Since it's beef it's most likely going to have the artificial tender baking soda solution trick texture and an overpowering cheap marinade taste.

Hello L&L Hawaiian BBQ
Good Bye L&L Hawaiian BBQ i hope i never have to resort to eating at this chain or location ever again.
I just moved to a new area, so we went exploring down Rainbow Blvd for somewhere to eat.  I noticed the familiar L&L logo in this plaza and immediately thought of the L&L back home at Puente Hills Mall.  I love me some BBQ and rice, so I couldn't resist! 

Went here the first time with a BFF.  On our visit it was nice and clean; a small hole in the wall location, they had a few booths to sit in.  We ordered the BBQ Mix plate and actually just shared it (since it was breakfast for us).  Although empty upon our arrival, the place quickly became busy.  

The second time, I ordered to-go.  Both times the food was good, but I have yet to veer away from my usual BBQ plate and try their other menu items, so for now, my review will remain at 3 stars.

I definitely will be coming back to this place when I'm craving some Hawaiian food. =)
I had the BBO mix.  It was fine, nothing bad, but nothing memorable either.  This is typical of L&L everywhere, nothing special, but it will do in a pinch.
Not really one of the better L&L locations. It's small, not super busy. I was in the mood for some kalbi (when am I not?) and we headed over to the closest place to my house.

My fella and I shared a kalbi plate and a chicken and a spam musubi. The food was pretty plentiful. Not the best cooked or cut of kalbi I've ever had, but it did in a pinch. The mac salad (which I'm not really a fan of typically, anyway) had a little too much mayonnaise for my taste. Musubi is a solid choice, but it's hard to mess that up.

All in all, just ok. Close and it'll do in a pinch, but not the best I've ever had.
I only got food in here because the Indian place I was gonna eat at wasn't open yet, and Albertsons didn't have any more naan to make my own Indian. Therefore I was not in the mood for Hawaiian, I sort of just settled on it after my laziness and hunger got the best of me.

I think Ohana Hawaiian is better. I got the mini Barbecue Chicken. It was a little greasy, but tasted good. The macaroni salad was okay (I like Ohanas' better). Rice was nice;) Staff was pleasant, service was fast. Price was good.
We came in tonight because my boyfriend was craving some Hawaiian BBQ Chicken and because another Hawaiian restaurant (that's closer to us) was closed today.

Though their prices are reasonable and the portions are plenty, the food was just so-so. We both got BBQ Chicken plates which came with macaroni salad and free fountain drinks (which was cool). The chicken was tender, but lacking some flavor. So, it was better dipped into the teriyaki sauce they provided. The mac salad was bland and you could only taste (and see) how much mayo was in it.

We've been here once before and always believe in trying a place a second time (just in case their kitchen was having an off day). However, their food hasn't changed much and I don't foresee us coming back anytime soon.
I used to go to the L&L at the Puente Hills Mall in SoCal all the time when I was in high school. This was the first time I came across an L&L in Vegas, probably because they're mostly located on the East side, so I was pretty delighted. 

This location is very small, but don't let that deter you. They have a lot of specials hanging on the walls and posted on the windows. To name a few, they have Calamari - $3.99, Thai Tea - $1.99, 10 malasadas - $4, 2 eggrolls - $1.50, Spam fried rice - $5.50. I just went with the usual Chicken Katsu and Don got Mochiko Chicken. I'm glad we both decided to get mini plates because they were huge! I remember when I used to go to L&L the mini plates were actually mini. When we went yesterday, the plates were almost the size of the regular ones. Each plate is probably good for two people. We both finished a little over half and took the rest home. I'm honestly not sure if the actual portion changed or if it was the plate though because we had one scoop of rice and one scoop of mac salad each. We definitely got more meat though. 

My plate was delicious as usual. Crunchy, well cooked Katsu and tasty mac salad. I've always prefered L&L's mac salad over all the other places in Vegas. I don't know if it's because I grew up on it or if it's actually better. I like that they gave it to us in separate little containers so it stays fresh in case you want to take it home. I tried some of Don's Mochiko Chicken. It was the first time I've ever tried this type of chicken and it was good! It's deep fried, but not oily and I liked dipping it in the Katsu sauce or the curry. 

I'm so glad they have an L&L in my side of town :)
Me and my husband frequent Hawaiian food joints all the time (we love Hawaii and we love their food!)  L&L falls dead center in our wide spectrum of Hawaiian places we've tried.  Not bad, not great.  

I feel like it's pretty hard to get spam and eggs wrong (one of my favs).  They do it fine (although I do feel that the spam is sort of thin).  Their loco moco (another one of my favs) is really meh.  The burger patty seems sort of thin and unflavorful.  Luckily, it's covered with gravy and that makes anything taste better!  Sometimes I feel like their BBQ is on the saltier side too.  Same with the saimin.  I totally don't care for their mac salad (its just macaroni and mayo... no other flavor!)  Aside from the negatives, its Hawaiian food.. meat, rice.  Always a good combo and satisfying to me either way!  Plus it's cheap.

In any case, they do Hawaiian food OK!  A luke-warm 3 stars.
What did the cashier say? I didnt understand and she didnt understand me. I had to point at pictures to order my food. Tables were dirty/greasy i asked for something to wipe them down with.. She gives me one paper napkin... I asked for something else so she walks around the countertop grabs a dirty wet towel she had next to the register and wipes down the table... Now i have a greasy, sticky, wet table... I had to clean my own table with baby wipes and napkins.  The food is bland. Ohana Hawaiian food is ten times better, fresher, cleaner and friendlier. Go there instead!
I use live by the original l&l in Hawaii on liliha st.now that was some good grind these franchise one it ait the same:(
You get what you paid for.
Awesome Spam Musabi!!!
Close to home, very convenient.  My whole family loves the katsu curry chicken because of the large portions.  Myself, I try different things to spice-it-up.  So far, so good.  We are regulars and the young girl that took our order, always remembered us and was nice.  We haven't seen her for quite some time, though.  She was great.  I have ordered party trays, also,  Everything is good.  We also love the macaroni salad.  I eat it with some rice.  It is the best.  I would love to get that recipe.  American macaroni salad at the deli is too sweet, their macaroni salad is the best and we won't eat any other.
I love it cause its so close to the house and the food was really good. But the person taking the order did not make eye contact with me once. The food took longer than normal. And when I received my order, I kindly said, "thanks. have a good day." He ignored it and said next in line. No bueno. First impressions are big when eating at a spot.
Came in to try Hawaiian for the first time. The guy working was in no mood for customers that day. I asked two questions. On the 2nd question I was told to just look at the menu. I ordered 2 of the meals. One of which was missing sauce and both tasted mediocre. Will not be returning to any L & L ever again. Avoid like the plague.
Having been introduced to Chicken Katsu by a Hawaiian friend, I just can't get enough of this place.  The staff is always friendly and the food is made to order...not waiting around under heat lamps. I've tried other places and their recipes for Katsu, but have always been disappointed in the preparation (either cooked too much and dry, or too greasy and limp).  L&L has always been consistent.
Their katsu here is great, but the BBQ plate combo for $8+ is huge and largely disappointing. Meat wasn't flavorful enough and I thought BBQ was supposed to have some kind of crispness? Their BBQ did not...

Won't be coming back here, unfortunately, unless my nieces make me come back, since they like the katsu and unlimited soda refills. There are better L&L locations and even better Hawaiian food in Vegas.
The food was ok, but the service was awful. Called at 9, asked how late they were open. The guy said 10, so when I got there at 9:20 and said my order was "for here," he said "we close soon." I get that people want to go home at the end of their shift, but when I said "yeah, I'll be done before 10" he just gave me a dirty look. At 9:38 (yes, I looked at the time because I was annoyed), the cashier started stacking the chairs and turned the "open" light off.  

I was out the door at 9:43. No acknowledgment for the tip, no thank you. Nothing.

If you want to close at 9:30, or 9:45, or 3:12 for that matter, be my guest, it's your business. But don't rush me out 17 minutes before you close.  It's fast food, and I'll be fast, I promise. You stay open as long as you said you would, and I'll be out of your way by then.

I'm terribly sorry for inconveniencing you by being your customer. I promise it won't happen again.
What's up with the people who work here? Are you guys mad that you're not in the Islands right now having REAL spam musubi and loco mocos? Deng. Service with a frown. At least I got a Non-enthusiastic "have a good day"
Bland food, Zero customer service ....
I love my L&L especially the chicken katsu. I always in the mood for local food being from the 808. Nothing more reminder of growing up plate lunches for lunch time or dinner. I know its chain so they have them all over the country. It might be more me but when in the islands everything taste better! Still everything is done most part same chicken katsu breaded same way and mac salad always been fan of. I like the barbecue chicken or beef, lau lau,  local moco, and miss few. The atmosphere just like any other L&L so feels like back home just for moment music, and see every flavor of Hawaiian Sun juice that local style!
I have yet to try other options but between this and Aloha, pretty much same. Descent. I need to try Roy's, although I am sure it is going to be much pricier!
For some really odd reason, this place only has brown rice one day a week.  Forget which day it was though.  But I am glad that they have health options such as the BBQ chicken and salad. It's really flavorful, and filling; I mean they give you like four slabs of BBQ chicken and if opt for no rice, they give you a nice salad portion as well.  I really like their dressing!  It's like a peanut sauce type of asian salad dressing; but its good!

The spam to rice ratio in their musubi is wrong.  Way too much rice!

But all in all, good place to get some BBQ chicken and chicken katsu. I don't like anything else on their menu.
Warning Hawaiian's False Advertising!

I didn't even want to give this L&L one star they are selling COD and trying to pass it off as Mahi Mahi, its BULL S#%&! after complaining they admitted it wasn't Mahi!
Be warned!!!
The food was great! I got a chicken plate and a side of beef. They have outdone themselves :)
Meh. Not bad. Not great. Large portions though, so good bang for your buck!
Came here and ordered the typical Portuguese sausage, eggs and rice. It was so quiet in there that I was scared that I was ordering my food too loudly. Anyway, food came out promptly. The sausage was a little overcooked and saltier than what I remember. The eggs were cooked perfectly at medium. Not a big fan of macaroni salad and this place reminded me of why I'm not a big fan of it. Too much mayonnaise and no other flavoring. I tried putting soy sauce on it because I hate wasting food, but I just couldn't take another bite. I frequent this chain when I'm in the mood, but this location is a little sad.
The garlic mahi is like limp fish sticks and the fries seemed to come out of the microwave... Nowhere near crispy. Mac salad is pasta and mayonnaise. Disappointing and will not return.
love this place
one of the counter girls needs a lil' personality check...but overall they are way better than ANY Other L&L in vegas that I Like!!! always great food. :)
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  The socially awkward cashier. Punch card is very specific to certain plates even if you're spending more. The random coin operated sticker/toy machine by the door.

LIKE  The availability of low carb options. The Hawaiian music playing in the background. Choice of mini or regular size. Shrimp fried rice. Location close to work.

LOVE  Nothing.
Food is okay.  This is the place to go when your tired of eating burgers and tacos!!!!
I'm a regular here and I usually come 3 times per week. The place is quite small but clean. I think the food is okay. However,  the lady that works here is not really friendly. Every time I tried calling in, she'd give me and my boyfriend the biggest attitude.
OMG!!!! The most DISGUSTING thing I ever saw... I was the last customer of the night, and what did I witness????
I witnessed the owners or managers, pack LEFTOVER MARINATED RAW MEAT into their cars from the food cart, from the kitchen only covered with plastic seran wrap and packed it inside the trunk of their car? IS THAT EVEN SANITARY? That just screams SALMONELLA! I use I love their food, it's so good..... But now I know their special ingredient! I bought my food and THREW IT AWAY! I did not wanna get sick!  I been a happy customer there for a long time, but NOT anymore! I am never going back, EVER again. If you want to eat leftover, recycled meat........ Go eat there!!!
I never had a problem here. I come in, order, wait, and leave. I normally do take out but when I dine in everything is fine too. Sad to see it doesn't have good reviews. I always order the chicken katsu curry. I tell them to put curry on the side because I don't like how they put it all over the chicken. It becomes soggy.
I know that franchise places aren't always the best, but I love L&L.  I lived in Hawaii for awhile so being able to eat some food that tastes like it did in the islands is amazing.  Personally, I typically get the chicken katsu or loco moco, but I've also enjoyed the spam musubi and other items.

Don't come here thinking you're gonna eat healthy cause L&L is about flavor, not calorie counting.  So run that extra mile or do those extra push ups so you can justify that fried awesomeness that is L&L!
Great food good customer service nothing like the Maryland parkway location in fact my other review took a star from Rainbow location absolutely love them
Very very very good costumes service, the cashier lady  so nice, friendly, and always smile when I go there.   The food was great, I always ordering a BBQ mix, Katsu,  bento and musubi.  Man! I love this place, and always clean
Always decent. Been eating here for years so it's always the same. From chicken katsu plain or with curry,bbq mix plates, the musubis,saimin (which is basically ramen noodles) to the burgers and loco moco and breakfast items like spam and eggs with rice. One thing they do really good to me is the Mac salad that stuff hits the spot and you can mix it with anything you eat here and it's so good!
Chef special was rainbow fried chicken so I asked the cashier if it taste like shoyu chicken and her reply was "I don't know what shoyu chicken is". Are u for real??? Shoyu chicken is a local food! Obviously these workers are not from Hawaii! FAIL! I ordered kalua pork and laulau combo...very disappointed...kalua was so dry and the worst part was..it did not taste like kalua pork. Laulau had no taste either.  Seriously these workers need to go to Hawaii and taste the food or hire someone who knows how local food taste like. SMH! I give this no star but yelp wont let me go through without pressing a star.
Grabbed the Island BBQ combo.  The meat was very tender and moist, the rice had just the right amount of stickiness and the customer service was outstanding. I can't wait to try something else the next time I go back. 

This is a family owned restaurant. It is immaculately clean and welcoming. Glad to have it in the neighborhood!
As a regular of L&L BBQ in San Bruno, all I can say is, HOLY SHIT. But in a good way. Maybe it's because it's family owned, or that it was a good batch of chicken, or that I hadn't eaten all day, but that was the best BBQ chicken combo I've had. Ever. 

Thinking back, it was probably because I was hungry as hell. But 5 stars until I come back and find out otherwise.
Leo's opened up on Bell and 75th not too long ago and I've got to admit, I was pretty reluctant to give it a try. The closest decent Hawaiian BBQ joint can be found in Happy Valley off the 17th, which is quite a drive for students like me who go to school up the street aways.

Upon entering, you'll see a teenage boy at the register, his mom wiping down the tables, and his dad cooking in the back (all safe assumptions- they look alike). They all will gladly welcome you as if you just walked into their house for a New Year's party; it's quite adorable really.

On to the food- I got the BBQ chicken small plate while my friend got the Loco Moco, $5 + $7.50 + $2 Hawaiian drinks. Prices are decent. You pay, and they bring you the food once you sit. Takes about 5-10 min; you can see the dad make your food. Both dishes come with a scoop (or 2) of rice and a scoop of macaroni salad. The chicken was cooked well; it wasn't oily and was a good amount of tender. It's fresh and filling. 

I'll stop by again to give their other menu options a try. It's good to support local business and I hope this one makes it!
Our group totaled 5 people, and we arrived in two separate cars.  Parking was easy on a rainy Saturday night, as the place is located in the mini-mall across from Arrowhead Mall. 

I surveyed two others here at the house, afterwards - one rated it a 4 star, one rated it 3.2 "because it's freakin' small" and I gave it a 4.5, for a total of 3.9 stars. I'd bet the actual stars went up if I asked the other two, as they thought it was ultra-convenient to be able to walk next door afterwards and have their pick of 31 flavors of ice cream. 

So, the place is SMALL. Not much seating inside, with a few two-tops outside (which don't do any good on the few days in Phoenix it does rain). However, the staff immediately drug a 2-top next to a 4-top to accomodate a party of 5, as the tables designed for that were taken. Extra points there, for sure. 

Food was great, and they brought us samples of beef/chicken to taste as we decided. We tried quite a few things - although somehow nobody went with the Spam, nor the fish available - which are both valuable menu items and Spam is hard to find - so if you want it, u can get it here, a couple of different ways. 

You can get combo meals (2 or more items), mini meals (1 item), or "burger" options on a few thngs. Meals come with rice (somewhat sticky and fluffy), pasta salad which is basically pasta, carrots and mayo (yay! no "salad whip" crap) but could use a bit of spicing up. Oh yeah, they lay the proteins on a bed of steamed (?) cabbage. Nice touch, cooked so its crisp yet tender. 

The beef and pork are very good. The chicken I think we all agreed leaned a bit to the too-sweet teriyaki side. Crab rangoons are nicely fried, with a bit of crab and a mild cream cheese. I heard the egg rolls were also tasty, the veggies were minced well so no "stringy" problems,  with a kick of fresh ginger and a nice thin wrapper. 

Portions on everything we ordered were large. Everyone had leftovers. So, don't let the price discourage you - and you might consider sharing a combo.

Sweet/sour sauce was sweet with little sour. Teriyaki is, well, teriyaki. The soy sauce was Korean, and a bit on the light side - but I'm kinda set in my ways on soy sauce. 

Service, as I eluded to - was awesome. Totally family-run from what I could tell. A lot of Hawaiian patrons surrounded us - so I'd suspect its as authentic as you might get on the mainland, in the middle of the desert.  They also have a selection of Hawaiian-made beverages in cans, which aren't spectacular, but I chose to go that route (no one else did) because I like to support businesses that import specific items! Otherwise, they have Coca-cola products and I prefer Pepsico. #justsayin.

If yer in the mall, or wanna try some bbq that isn't bathed in smoke or one of the well-known styles of sauce, give this a shot, for sure. If you are looking for a kick of spice, bring yer own - because I didn't see any way to kick it up a notch. It's very "commerical and chain-looking" from the outside, but I can assure you it doesn't taste that way. I forgive their choice of mall location and wish them well! We'll go back for sure.

I added a scan of one side of the menu for an idea of what they have! Check it in the photo section!
I am a huge fan of Ono's Hawaiian food so when I noticed this place I got excited.  

It looks just like Ono's and tastes just like Ono's!  

The service was great.  Super friendly staff.

Give it a shot!
-ALOHA!!! If you crave the creamy taste of authentic macaroni salad from Hawaii, look no further...yum, yum, yum!

-Kalua pork was tender, smokey, and moist...yum! yum! yum!

-Grilled BBQ chicken was tender and so good!...yum! yum! yum!

-The noodle soup was so good - $5.99 and the portions are very generous!

-Crispy shrimp was crispy, maybe panko breading? It was so good! Not greasy! Perfectly cooked. Must have more!

-They even have SPAM on the menu too (if you've been to Hawaii, then you know that SPAM is offered everywhere - even at McD's too!)

-Service - FRIENDLY, SUPER NICE, and very cordial. 

-Order your food at the counter and wait for your number to be called, or they bring it to your table on a tray. Fantastic service!

-The PORTIONS are VERY GENEROUS!!! Two people could easily share one combo plate...unless you are a very BIG eater. Two scoops of sticky rice, a scoop of macaroni salad, and sauteed cabbage come with your meal.

-They do offer a rice bowl with choice of meat for $4.99 if you want a smaller meal.

-CLEAN place!!! Clean restroom!

-Parking is very convenient. Leo's is located across the parking lot from Barnes & Nobles and next to Baskin Robbins.

-Mahalo!
The service at Leo's was beyond excellent! It was nice, clean & the food was fantastic! Most definitely better than L&L's. It's a small, casual, little sit down joint where the food is made fresh. 5 stars for sure! ^-^
Oh yes. This place is good!
From the outside this place looks nothing special sort of like any fast food joint but when you walk in you see the tables are not lament but granite and the chairs are artwork not banquet and that is a clue that this place is not average .

This place IS SPECIAL sort of Rocket burger special and La Comida special so if you are a fan of these kind of family owned places you will love this spot and I feel like a dirt bag for not giving 5 stars since it is so Authentic  and can not be improved ,also the family working here are so nice but I HAVE TO KEEP IT REAL as possible . This is VERY CASUAL eat in styro-foam dining . For ME this is really three star food but it was so over the top of the kind it is a have to add a star and can TOTALLY understand why most people rate this at 5 stars because it really is 5 stars special .

We were BLOWN AWAY with our first order here and shared the Chicken and beef BBQ combo and the Lemon pepper chicken . This food was ROCKIN GOOD and so FRESH also the BBQ here in my mind can blow the nearby FAMOUS you know Who Chain away . I also need to mention the portions are extra big so you know .

They have many other interesting things to try I have to try the Island Chicken Curry ,  steamed vegetables , Chicken Katsu salad , and some Musubi and I need to try in future visits at some point for me .

This IS A TRUE GEM of PEORIA and across from Arrowhead mall Area it is a crime if you pass this one by .
My hubby and I went here for lunch after church one Sunday. We like "mom and pop" restaurants and found this little gem across from Barnes and Noble. Must say that we LOVED it! I got the chicken teriyaki and deep fried shrimp, and he got the same add deep fried fish. The chicken was so tender, the sauce amazing! Nice batter on the shrimp, not greasy or heavy. The dipping sauce (can't spell it) had a great tangy/sweet flavor that we both enjoyed. Good service, clean restaurant, nice portion sizes. Well worth a stop! Support your local eateries!
This is my go to take out place.

If you're in the mood for this type of food, it is awesome.  

This food is normally prepared a little on the greasy end, because, well, it's BBQ Hawaiian food, but somehow it doesn't hit you like "aw man I feel post big mac and fries."  The macaroni melts in your mouth.  Food is always very fresh.

PRICING IS EXCELLENT FOR THE QUALITY OF FOOD.

SERVICE IS TOP NOTCH.  Always sincere, humble, kind, attentive, and smart.

For 5 stars I'd need just a few more healthy options.  Brown rice, more veges.
As soon as I ordered the seafood combo I knew I ordered the wrong thing,  it came with some BBQ chicken all dark meat, the flavor was good but dark meat grosses me out, the  shrimp was really good,  light and crispy but not a bit greasy, the fish was just OK for me, nice light breading but it was a tad greasy. it came on a bed of steamed cabbage that was tasty, a scoop of plain white rice and some macaroni salad that was nothing more than noodles some shredded carrot and mayo nothing special here. I really want to try the lemon pepper chicken and will skip the rice and macaroni and get steamed veggies next time.
If your looking for something chewier than beef jerky then try the short ribs. Jerky has more flavor but I think I lost weight trying to put this meal down. 

The BBQ Chicken (chicken like product?) was so processed it was flavorless and texture free. 

The other meat product that came on the #8 special was the toughest of all. 

Now take all of these items and drown them in a sugar based sauce and you've got a real desperate mans treat. 

Avoid this place!
I tried this place on a whim on a day that I was especially missing local grindz from Hawaii. Their portions are huge with a meat to rice to mac salad ratio of 2:1:1 - a typical feature of Hawaiian food. 

Their kalua pig (shredded pork) was tender and had a nice smokey flavor, and the spam musubi even had oyster sauce, a must for musubi in my opinion. They were nice enough to prepare "katsu moco" or chicken katsu (breaded chicken) prepared in the style of a traditional loco moco (sunny side up eggs, and gravy on a bed of rice). The regular loco moco beef patty (Mom, if you're reading this, I swear this is the first time I've had beef in a long, long time!) was a bit odd in texture, but it wasn't bad.

This is a great substitute if you're missing the real thing. I wish they had chicken long rice and lau lau on the menu. Mahalo for the great service!
I'll go generous on my 3.5 stars for Leo's.  The staff is super friendly and the restaurant is spotless.  I ordered the Kalua pig plate lunch and found the rice to be, well, plain rice as it should be and the macaroni salad was also good and simple as it should be.
Now, I've had the real deal when visiting Hawaii-whole hog lathered with salt and wrapped in banana leaves cooked in an imu (big hole in the ground).  I think the county health dept. would take issue with that cooking method, so I'm not going to fault Leo's for that :)  But at least IMHO the pork needed more salt-it was tender with a hint of smoke but was underseasoned.  And Kalua Pig should make me retain water just lookin' at it!!  My opinion, if you think L&L's is too salty you might enjoy Leo's.
All in all I will return and try some of their other dishes.
I visited this location after getting my nails done and was pleasantly surprised. The kalua pork plate was delicious and reminded me of home in Hawaii.  It could have had more salt, but all around it was very tasty.  The macaroni salad was as it should be and the rice was perfect with the Aloha Shoyu provided!  The manapuas were smaller than I'm used to, but still tasty and the spam musubi was delicious as well.  I think this place is wonderful!
1st time visit. Read several positive reviews and thought it would be a good place to take my daughter visiting from Boston. I had the pulled pork and it was excellent. My wife had the fish (MahiMahi) & shrimp and loved it. Both daughters had chicken, orange & lemon pepper, and were very happy with it. Very generous servings. Sides of crab rangoons, cabbage & sticky rice were all very good. Ordered the seafood soup w/crab, shrimp &scallops. That will have to wait for home...too full   
Will definitely be back & spread the word
This place REALLY is a GEM for FAST CASUAL dining, my last meal I tried is my current favorite.

 Musubi with Steamed Vegetables, the Musubi is like a GIANT sort of sushi a sticky rice roll that has a center of breaded fish or chicken with a pleasant slightly sweet sauce and it is wrapped in Norri. Musubi is on the appetizer platter for only $3.59 and you get TWO,they are LARGE and measure two inch wide by 4 inch long and I had the fish ones and they were very tasty and you can only eat one at a meal,if you are a normal eater.

I also had steamed vegetables, they were so fresh and tasty for simple steamed vegetables and I ate all I could of the carrots, broccoli, cabbage, and snow peas and they were guilt free and healthy.

I spent VERY little and enjoyed my meal very much and had half to enjoy again  latter for another nearly guilt free mostly healthy meal. (see my photo)

I have been here a few times and tried several different dishes so I think they really do offer something for many people with different taste and this place really is a BEST for fast casual dining near the Arrowhead Mall area. Also the Maui Burger is so awesome good,Yummy yummy! delish!

They are FAMILY OWNED and Operated and are very accommodating to you.
Wow,  this place is amazingly tasty and affordable!

Came into this place shortly after it opened and i was blown away by the tastiness of their food. The Spam Misubi is tasty and well prepared. The macaroni salad is soo awesome it'll make you say "Boom goes the dynamite!" 

The inside is very plainly decorated but that doesn't matter when your food tastes that good. Try it, you'll be glad you did.
Our favorite Hawaiian BBQ place is not close to home, that being said we were so excited to see that Leo's Island BBQ opened up. The food is great and always fresh, a family favorite for sure. I normally order the chicken katsu and my boyfriend likes the chicken/ seafood mix with chicken, fish & fried shrimp. The macaroni salad is great, fresh & creamy just how it should be. The staff is super friendly. Long story short, we love Leo's Island BBQ; hope they are around for a long time!
I love this place! A friend recommended it to me. I had never had Hawaiian food before, so I thought it would be fun to try. So far I've had the katsu chicken and kalua pork, both were great and were huge portions. I don't usually like mac salad, but I like it from here. Staff is friendly, and the  food prepared quickly. Will be going back whenever in the Hawaiian
If Hawaiian food is what you crave, Leo's is THE place to go!  I've been to the islands and can honestly say, this is as good as it gets!!!  You cant go wrong with anything on their menu.  However if your new to Hawaiian I'd recommend trying either the Kalua pork, or the chicken Katsu.  All meals come with 2 scoops of steamed white rice, steamed cabbage, and macaroni salad.  In terms of price...my wife and I had the above mentioned meals along with 2 drinks.  The total came in UNDER $19!!!  You just can't go wrong at Leo's!!!  Well maybe you can, but it will cost you a hell of a lot more, and you'll need 6 hours to fly there!
I had the BBQ sampler for lunch, which contains BBQ chicken and BBQ beef. The beef had a great taste but was a bit tough. The chicken reminded me of the chicken you get at a Chinese buffet. Not so good. The rice and mac sides were ho hum. If I was back in town and ate here again, I would go for the BBQ beef and maybe try the fish and shrimp.
A very cool little joint in a strip mall.  We couldn't help but sample each other's food from our party and everything was amazing.
Didn't know what to expect.
Went for lunch.
Ordered the sampler with the chicken, pork and beef. Ordered an order of fish as well, just so I could try as much as possible.
Macaroni salad on side.
It was all very good. Healthy? I don't think so, but it did taste good.
The place was VERY clean and everyone was nice. 
Had to wait a little longer for my order as someone came in and obviously ordered for their office. 
NOT disappointed as so many other places have left me recently.
I had a friend from Hawaii who said this was "a lot like home", so skeptical me decided to give it a try. Keep in mind that I have little to no idea of what constitutes Hawaiian food, but I know what I like.

And I like Leo's, if ya don't get me anything with spam. The BBQ chicken sandwich (yeah, I wasn't feeling adventurous) was a little sloppy but way good. I like how their sandwiches have generous cucumber slices rather than pickle, and a bit of this sweet, creamy slaw. The chicken katsu was also delicious, and they have some amazing sauces to go with it.

You can also choose between a fountain drinks or some awesome nectar they have in the fridge. Prices are VERY affordable, as this will cost you marginally more than a fast food meal, but you get way better stuff.

If you're like me and you don't know crap about food from this region, I can't think of a better place to get acquainted.
I love this place :) found this little gem tonight while looking for a place to chow down. It was squeaky clean and the staff was nice. I ordered the chicken teriyaki plate,& the portions were huge. Its super cheap and way delish, looking forward to going here again soon.
I liked this small place.  Food was delicious, price not too bad, and food came out quickly.  Nice little atmosphere too.
I love Leo's even if Leo's doesn't love me very much.  The portions are extremely reasonable for the prices (which don't even get that out of hand for the larger entrees).   The Macaroni salad that they offer with all of their main entrees is delicious and compared to the stuff at the store is almost impossible to beat.  To be honest, I haven't had macaroni salad this good that wasn't homemade.  

The staff is polite and the service is usually fairly quick.  The dining room isn't that large and whether you eat in or not, everything is packed in take out boxes, so Leo's doesn't have the best experience for dining-in but the dining room is usually quiet which is nice.   Besides their range of Hawaiian/Pacific food offerings, Leo's also has a selection of Hawaiian drinks available.  If you've never tried Hawaiian style food, Leo's is definitly a good place to try out.   The pineapple chicken is to die for.
What a fantastic little hidden gem. Leo's had...Amazing food! We had the family meal and chose BBQ beef, curry chicken, & pork as our entrees...they were all flavored perfectly. Absolutely no need for any spices. I also really enjoyed the macaroni salad, I would just add a little salt and pepper to taste.

I always love finding a new "Spot", this is one for sure.
I grew up in Hawaii (lived there for 20 years) and after moving to the mainland a few years ago, the only good Hawaiian/Korean style BBQ I've had was in Vegas, which the kama'aina refer to as the 9th island due to the many people from Hawaii who've moved there. 

Since moving to AZ a year ago, we've only had our cravings satisfied when we go to Vegas, that is, until we found out about Leo's. Granted, it's not 100% authentic, but then again, there's nothing like it out here, especially in the west valley. 

The bbq chicken is super tender and tasty, mac salad is superb, and the katsu curry is ono-licious! Musubi's are pretty good, though there's too much rice. The broccoli and the occasional romaine lettuce used to soak up the oils is a bit odd, but it doesn't detract from the flavors at all...most of the time the usual cabbage is still used. 

Our first visit there they were playing some uh..."interesting" music, but subsequent visits have yielded better results, and it finally has more of a local flavor. Add that to the friendly employees/owner and their awesome food, and they've got a regular customer in me. Until of course, when they add spicy chicken or pork to their menu, which means I'm gonna have to go more often!
This place is amazing, good pricing, and has the best hours of operation. They have saved me on a few Sunday nights. The Misubi, pork steam buns are delicious. The meats are cooked well and tender. The combination portions feed me through 3 meals.  The only other mainland hawaiian bbq establishment I have been this impressed with was a food cart in PDX, and I'm pretty sure I take Leo's over that.
Sometimes I put on my best Hawaiian shirt and go to Leo's. I get their lemon pepper chicken and dip it in the katsu sauce. It's not really a traditional move but I play by my own set of rules. The staff is super friendly. If you ask nicely they might even let you substitute the cabbage for an extra side of macaroni salad. It's a risky move but if it pays off, you'll be in pasta heaven.
Not good... People must go here for the price/quanity over quality.  Low quality chicken and beef with a good sauce doesnt make it taste good.  Skippable.
I have NO IDEA why people are giving this place such high reviews.  I took a couple friends here for lunch because of the great reviews alone.  I was horribly embarrassed.  I took some pics of what I threw away - pretty much all of it.  I'll try to get them uploaded - you should know what you are in for at this place.

The food here is, without contest, the worst food I have had in Phoenix.  I wanted a variety of food to try so I got the Island BBQ Mix.  The "beef" was riddled with gristle.  Most of the meat was tough and completely inedible.  The chicken was rubbery.  I have no idea what the third meat was in the dish but suffice it to say that, after trying to find any tender meat around the bone, I gave up as it turned out to be a useless effort.  The other thing people were raving about in the reviews was the macaroni salad - What the f@$#@$k!?!  I suppose that some people simply love elbow macaroni with mayo....that is all it was - no other flavor of any kind.  

I guess I should have turned around and walked out when I saw where you pick up your plastic utensils from an open bin.  One one can only imagine others reaching their filthy hands in to grab a handful of plasticware and put some back.  I would rather eat at a "restaurant" with a drive through than this place.  Save your money and time.  Skip this horrible disappointment.
The food was your typical Island's bbq.  Very friendly staff and the place is nice and clean.
The clean and bright environment was rather deceptive once the food arrived....awful!  The only thing I could actually taste anything worthwhile was the pork.  The katsu chicken was thin, dry, dark, bland and rigid.  The ribs were full of fat, gristle and very little meat.   I didn't even like the rice or macaroni salad. I'm not sure how you could even mess up cabbage and vegetables, but they did!   I have eaten at other island BBQ's, and the quality at this restaurant is very different.  
     
      I could not imagine bringing friends or family here,  I certainly would not give any recommendation to anyone else until the food is up to a decent standard.  
     
     Do yourself a favor and move on to another restaurant that takes pride in what they serve, not just slinging whatever comes out of the freezer bag, that's exactly what the food looked like.  If the rest of the food is this bad, this place is in deep trouble.  I don't plan to repeat this gastrointestinal disaster in the near future.
Not a bad little place.  I dropped in on this place after skipping out on work early.  I was pretty damn hungry, and after walking by Leo's, I just thought that I would drop in.  I got the BBQ Sampler, which I thought was a good first look.  The short ribs were good, the chicken was great, and the macaroni salad was pretty darn good too.  

The only complaint that I had was that after eating, I felt like I had just eaten a pound of salt.  oh well, that's just the way some of those dishes are.

Overall, my food and experience was good.  I got a ton of food, and the price was fair for what I got.  This was my first HI BBQ experience in AZ.....so, not bad.  It's not like the stuff I got back home in CA, but it will do.  Looking forward to my next trip back.
I had a horrible dining experience here, after reading good reviews on Yelp, mind you. Suffice to say, the blas-looking guy at the counter acted tepid and smug and like he would rather be home playing video games. When a takeout container leaked all over me, he offered "a bag and some napkins". REALLY? omg too funny. there's no one to complain to---no corporate office, that sort of thing. when you ask for the manager, the counter person says "I'm the manager". riiight....i can't imagine some 16-year-old-looking counter person with an uncaring attitude and zero communication/people skills being the manager and the only authority figure to talk to. well, enough of that. now, the food:

plentiful.

tasty but way too salty. that's the first time i've ever had teriyaki chicken (a sweetish dish) that was way too salty. to the cook, put down the salt shaker already ;_;

did i mention plentiful? seriously, if you go, get one order and share it because there's tons of food.

they give you this bland, pasty macaroni salad as a side dish that adds absolutely nothing to the meal. i can't reccomend it at all.

and ambiance? forget it. they stuck some stock photos and prints on the wall and serve your food in foam take-out containers and give you cheap plastic forks. the place is glaringly bright thanks to the flouresecent bulbs and even Panda Express has better ambiance and food on the same level taste/quality-wise. and friendlier service, i might add.

won't be back. if you want fast, inexpensive teriyaki-style food, there's tons of places all over that area to choose from where you will also get service with a smile and better atmosphere.
Ordered BBQ chicken mini meal for dinner. Comes with one scoop each of macaroni salad and rice with meat served on top of cabbage/veg. Swapped out mac salad for extra cabbage and brown rice instead of white. Chicken was top notch and was the prefect sized meal for $6.
MMMM! I love this place!!! My favorites include the Chicken Katsu, Orange Chicken, and Moco Loco (or Loco Moco?- I never get that right). The katsu sauce has a great flavor and the chicken is moist with a nice crunchy exterior. Moco Loco is so great! Basically it's a hamburger on rice with fried eggs on top-all covered with delicious gravy. YUM! 

The staff is really friendly. They always smile when we are there and are very attentive. I would highly recommend it!
Best teriyaki chicken I've found since I moved to Arizona from Seattle, where you can find delicious teriyaki on every corner. I will definitely return.
I ordered the Kalua Pork and BBQ chicken combo which includes macaroni salad and two scoops of rice.  The  Kalua Pork was excellent.  I was pleasantly surprised how light it was.  The BBQ chicken was tender but it could have been cooked with more BBQ sauce.  The macaroni salad was good.   I give the food Four Stars and Five Stars for  customer service.
I just left Hawaii after spending almost 15 years total there. I just retired from the Army. I will tell you that my wife and I ate at so many Hawaiian drive-ins in the islands from the chain restaurants (Zippy's, L&L, etc) to some of best small Mom & Pop joints where they barely spoke English.
I will tell you that Leo's is pretty damn good!! I know there are a couple more Hawaiian BBQ places in the Valley, but Leo's is pretty much on point as far as capturing island flavors and plate lunches. (Hawaiian term).
The staff is courteous. The place is clean and the food is "Ono"! 
I will give them a big thumbs up on their BBQ Chicken Curry! There were a couple of places in Hawaii that did that, and Leo's does it also! 
Their best value is their family pack! My wife and I get with my folks and try to tackle it. We fail!! LOL!! A Lot of delicious food for a good price! They even have Spam Musubi!!
They will always get our business!
I love Leo's. my favorite place for Hawaiian food in the west valley. I used to go to L&L but I feel that Leo's is more fresh and authentic. I've been here at least 5 times and always get the Kailua pig and katsu chicken. I don't like Mac so I order double rice. What a meal! Usually enough for my wife and I to share. I like the family owned atmosphere here too so I will continue to support this place. Try it!!
Great mom and pop Hawaiian joint. The people are super awesome and the food is fresh and amazing. We have  used Leos to cater 3 parties so far and it blew the guests away every time. Personally I love the lemon pepper chicken but haven't had anything I didn't like so far.
Leo's does a really decent plate lunch. As for the people complaining about certain dishes, it's more a matter of expectation, rather than execution.

My brother in law is from the big island Hawaii... pidgin and all (which I secretly love when he breaks in to, but will deny if he asks), so I have heard all the stories about plate lunches and the time he ate three in one setting, etc. He LOVES a plate lunch and he likes the ones here. I'm trusting that he knows of what he speaks.

Yes the macaroni salad is bland. That is how they make it there. It is basically a ton of mayo, macaroni, a smidge of grated onion, and usually a hint of tuna. Basically you get additional flavoring from the grilled meat or add it with a little shoyu. If that doesn't sound like what you are "used" to getting, you probably aren't going to like it. But I have to say all that mayonnaise makes my heart sing.

I personally love the BBQ chicken and the lemon pepper chicken. Mostly because they are on the healthier side. If you order the lemon pepper chicken with no rice or salad and extra cabbage, it's low-carb and low calorie, in addition to being really tasty.

The chicken katsu is also very good. Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. And my BIL likes the spam musubi. Well he likes any musubi actually. :)

Service is fast. The eating area is clean. The meals are cheap. And I actually like that there is no "corporate office" to complain to. If you want to eat at a chain, go somewhere else. This is family owned and operated.

I like Leo's. If you have a family, order the family dinner and pull up a chair, because you are going to be there a while. It's a lot of good food!
Best Hawaiian food in AZ, hands down. My wife and I moved to Tempe, and still make the drive to come here. 

Now with that being said, here's the deal. 
There must be 2 different cooks, because 95% of the time the food is perfect. Very few times (tonight being one of them) the meat is mostly fat, Grissel, and cartilage. It makes me very sad because I drive so far just to eat here. 

I can see how people give this place negative reviews if they eat here with the bad cook. But please come back on a different day and give them another try. 

Still giving them 5 stars because when the food is good, it's perfect.
I'm not familiar with Hawaiian food and so I may be short-sighted in my review, but I didn't really care for Leo's.  My husband liked his pretty well and would probably have gone with a high three, but since this is my review I need to give it a 2.  The place was very clean and cheery in a strip mall restaurant sort of way.  I ordered the teriyaki chicken.  It came with cabbage and my original thought was, great, something pretty healthy.  But, the cabbage was underneath the chicken which was soaked in the teriyaki sauce and was somewhat greasy.  This made the cabbage quite soggy and unappealing to my taste.  It also came with a generous scoop of their macaroni salad.  I would have to agree with one of the other reviewers who said it had too much mayonnaise and not enough flavor.  

I would pass on going back - but my plus one would probably be easily persuaded.
If you have ever been to Hawaii and a local takes you out to eat Leo's is just what you'd get down to the styrofoam container. The portions run extra large . The prices are low and the food is always hot and fresh.

On my most recent visit I had the Curry BBQ Chicken . (I think it was $6.99 and 50.cents extra for brown rice) The sauce was tasty and not too thick , creamy or heavy. The dark meat chicken was prepared nice and was a very generous portion. The macaroni salad is the kind that a dap of sriracha transforms it into something very tasty. I liked that they put a bed of steamed vegetables that is mostly cabbage under your entree and they offer brown rice as an option. It is a ton of food and you can't eat it all. But the thing is it's good and better than just about anything from the mall food court.

I've tried many other things over the years and I really like the Island Grilled Fish they make it very tasty. The BBQ is all good even the beef. They make a variety of noodle soups that are good. The lemon pepper chicken is a little lighter and made with white meat. 

One of the very few non chain places by the mall as they are family owned and operated.

A GEM of a place for Fast Casual Dining in this area!
Great lunch special. $5 for a double scoop of rice (plain white) and a meat. They suggested the beef. It was all good cuts of meat no fat or gross stuff. The rice was well plain white rice. 

The place is clean and they have some neat things on the menus. I will b back.
Had lunch here for the first time today and will be coming back.  The 3 meat BBQ combo was flavorful, the place was clean, the prices reasonable, and I have no complaints about the service.  It's still an order-at-the-counter type place, so don't expect any life altering cuisine, but it's done very well for what it is.
Excellent food for the price and a nice atmosphere.
I love this place! I usually get the $5 mini meal. It's sooo good and fills me up! I usually get the Island Teriyaki, but I've tried the beef teriyaki and chicken katsu and they are all very good. I love their teriyaki sauce and their macaroni salad is awesome!
Good lord, the macaroni salad makes you want to give up and quit your job so you can pull up a chair to the kitchen window and eat it all day. The short ribs are my favorite meal- they are seasoned that perfect balance of sweet & savory- and all the platters are big enough for a huge dinner or two lunches...if you eat like most mainlanders eat. If you're a Samoan, eh, not so much...you better order two meals!

The staff is always friendly and smiling and the dining room is very clean. The menu has catering prices on the back page, and you could get a backyard luau going for 50 people for about $200.

I'll totally host the luau as long as it's BYOB and I can keep the leftovers.
I just love the food here.  It's hot and fresh every time with generous portion sizes.  The people are friendly and restaurant is very clean.

I usually get the crispy shrimp and bbq chicken combo.  The shrimp is breaded and fried perfectly, not greasy at all.  The chicken is tender and nicely seasoned.  They use thigh meat for the chicken bbq.  Now normally I HATE dark meat, but they do theirs so well that I crave the stuff.  I like dipping the shrimp in their teriyaki sauce...and just like dark meat, I normally HATE teriyaki sauce, but the sauce at Leo's is just so tasty.  It's still surprising to me that I keep going back there to get two food items that I used to hate, but there you go.  :)  I'm also a big fan of their macaroni salad.  It's mayonaisey goodness and so creamy.  I see some reviewers aren't fans.  I guess either you like that type of salad or you don't.  I think it's awesome.  They also have good egg rolls (that I love dipping in that teriyaki sauce) and spam musubi.  I keep meaning to try more of their menu, but I keep coming back to the shrimp and chicken plate.  My husband is a fan of their burgers.  

This is one of my west valley favorites.  I hope they're around for long, long time.  4 stars.
Authentic Hawaiian plate lunch down to the macaroni salad. All meats were delicious. Will definitely add this to my regular stops when in the area.
I went to this place based on the good reviews it received by fellow Yelpers and I was not disappointed!  I went during off dining hours and was worried that the food might be dry or not as fresh.  I ordered the chicken and kalua pork combo which comes with steamed cabbage, macaroni salad and rice.  Quite a bit of food for only $8!  It came out in a styrofoam box and was like a gift of goodness.  I opened up to find everything piping hot and very tender and juicy.  The chicken was delicious with a sweet teriyaki-ish flavor and the shredded pork was some of the most delicious I've ever had.  The macaroni salad, while simple, was very creamy and tasty.  The staff was extremely nice as well.  I can't wait to go back!
Crab Rangoon great, short ribs delicious
The best so far and if you can ask for gravy on your white rice.
BBQ chicken is bomb! Best Hawaiian BBQ in the whole valley... Plus they serve Spam, enough said!
I usually get the chicken katsu and BBQ beef combo.  I've been to other Hawaiian places like this but, Leo's does it right.  Every time the food comes out good and I have no complaints.  I usually take out and they handle phone in orders as well.  
It's in a strip mall and it is not glamorous, but it seems clean.  Good, fast service prepared fresh as you wait.  No complaints. The BBQ beef is the way teriyaki beef should be IMO.  Not that crappy stuff other places make and then poor on the sauce after its cooked, although you can get extra sauces if you want (I usually get one each of the teriyaki and Hawaiian styles). Just Hawaiian done right and good macaroni salad.  I give it 5 stars just for not messing up the flavor of the food.
Great food, large portions and reasonably priced. Found it on a Yelp search, and was not disappointed. Had the short ribs and have to say some of the best I've ever had. Very meaty, hardly any fat at all, well seasoned and delicious. The restaurant was very clean, the staff was friendly.
I was introduced to Leo's Island BBQ a month ago and I can't stop going back again and again.  
The place is very clean and comfortable.  The owners and the staffs are very friendly. My daughters and I love the food there and we go there almost three times a week.  The food there are so delicious which make my daughter who normally doesn't eat much eats a lot.  We have tried their BBQ chicken, pepper chicken, beef, ribs, shrimp, fish, and spam musubi so far.  We love them all. The meat is so tender and tasty.  The food is hot and fresh and in very generous portion.  They come with healthy veggi too.  Overall, very healthy and delicous! Leo's Island BBQ has become our family's favorite restaurant.
Recently, the restaurant was on New Times.  They really deserve it!  We will keep going back.
After reading about this place in Phx New Times, I thought I would try it out after work.  OMG!!!!  This food is better than several of the places where we ate in Hawaii!  We ordered the seafood soup, kalbi, chicken, and pork--and of course the Spam masubi.  Everything that I ate was delicious delicious delicious!!!!   The people taking orders were very friendly, the bathroom was clean, and the restaurant has lots of natural light.  So thankful that I was able to try this place!  Definitely better than Onos!!!   I will go back for sure.
Hawaii in the desert!  Had the Family dinner.  The Macaroni salad,BBQ Chicken, Katsu Chicken, and the Short Ribs are all very good,  the rice was out of this world.  You should put this place on your bucket list for places to eat before you die!!!
Okay I'm a white Irish Catholic boy from a suburb of Boston, So the only Islands are Nantucket and the Vineyard....and the best island Castle Island.

This food is amazing my wife is from Brockton and is wicked picky because she doesn't like anything different from Italian, American, Irish it the place they get Chinese on New Years...

She loved it! It was awesome clean and cheap we will make it a reg spot..

Thanks for such an original spot you guys are great
Got the bbq chicken and teriyaki chicken.. Both were good. Not really any different then all the other hawaiian bbq places I have been to. We will be coming back here. Service was ok.. Not like they go out of their way but at least the lady at the counter was thanking all of her customers for coming in.
Surprise find, recommended Hawaiian fusion...
I went searching for some Hawaiian BBQ after my wife and I returned from our honeymoon in Kauai. This little spot was right under my nose at home in Peoria and I never knew it existed. I went back twice in the same week for the BBQ Chicken and Kalua Pork Combo. They know how to grill the chicken thighs just right so they are juicy and flavorful. The Kalua Pork was saltier than I remember from Hawaii, but still excellent. The combo was accompanied by steamed vegetables with a good amount of cabbage, steamed white rice, and macaroni salad. It was a large amount of food for one person. I can't wait to try their Fish Noodle Soup, Loco Moco breakfast, and Island Grilled fish.
Everything I've had here is awesome.
So this place is always packed and I love me some L&L barbecue so we decided to try this.

Not so good :( the meat is super fatty and its just not as good as L&L Hawaiian BBQ at nor terra . Won't be coming back
Oh dear lord, the mac salad! I love this place. My usual is curry chicken katsu. The katsu stays deliciously crispy even when driven home after ordering it for takeout. The curry is divine. I simply don't have words for the mac salad, but I do tend to like things coated in mayo, so use that information as you will. Such great prices for such huge portions! I'm new to the area, but this is my favorite restaurant so far!

Thumbs up, Leo's!
Only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is the wait time..Great fresh food but slow to get the order out. Great otherwise! :)
Pretty good Hawaiian BBQ place. Better than Ono Hawaiian in Goodyear.
Always love coming here for the great food, great family atmosphere and the wonderful staff. Been coming here since they opened their doors. Way better food and especially prices than L&L or Ono Hawaiian. My kids eat up the musubi (spam, rice, nori) and the Mac salad is ohh so good. I always bring family here when they are in town for some good island food. If you know a good easy recipe, just ask them and they just might add it to the menu. I keep meaning to get them the recipe for lau lau and crispy gau gee but I keep forgetting to bring it in. My favorite is the Katsu, curry, and ribs (so good). Take homes include musubi, Mac salad, and my daughter's favorite is egg drop soup (you have to ask special for this item).
Quick. Easy. Delicious. Great Prices. Katsu is some of the best I've ever had.
Great little place, good food. Very friendly staff. I would definitely eat here again. Their food is comparable in quality to what you would get in the islands.
Good stuff! but they need a better A/C system. We went in there during the summer and it was uncomfortable.
Leo's has amazing food at such reasonable prices! You can't beat the plates here for the price and quality. I love the Lemon Pepper Chicken. It is the most flavorful and tender piece of chicken breast and the light marinade they cook it in is super tasty. All of their plates come with rice and macaroni salad. I still don't understand how restaurants can charge extra for brown rice in today's day, but that is one thing they do. Still, if you have a craving for quick, delicious, and cheap Hawaiian food, Leo's is a must!
I'm addicted to their seafood soup and combo platters. Great unique food for an affordable price. Love this place for a lunch spot or quick to go dinner.
a friend got me hooked.....cheap food..the asian lady is sweet and fun and very quiet...this tiny restaurant is the BOMB...occasionally you have your big buffooon out of state people standing around trying to figure out how to fit 6 laaarge people in the tiny restaurant...but bcz the food is soo tasty and fresh..its worth it..Bring on the clown show any day-anything to eat that macaroni salad and I dont like macaroni salad....I have now also ventured on to attempting to eat with chopstix....which my asian friend laughs at  cuz I suck at it.....
Love this place. Haven't ever had a bad meal there and it always just seems so friendly and inviting. The food is unparalleled. Give it a shot!
I order the chicken combo with bbq chicken and fried chicken. When I got my order, I asked for a side of bbq sauce and they refused to give me some. Instead  said I can have teriyaki sauce. What? Why would I want that on my bbq? It took 20mins for my food even tho she said 10. Food was.ok, but not worth the hassle.
I was thoroughly surprised and pleased with the quality of Leo's. There is one particular chain of Hawaiian BBQ places (which will remain unnamed) that I absolutely love but they have too few locations for me to enjoy them often. I have tried other Island BBQ places in hopes of finding a substitute, but have always come out horribly disappointed...until now.

Leo's not only exceeded my expectations, but I believe their food is even better than that of the aforementioned chain which I love so much.

Leo's deserves a look. Even if it's something new for you, give it a shot. The katsu sauce is outstanding and their macaroni salad with a little soy sauce on it is out of this world.
Food and service is fantastic here. Love the food, two meat chicken plate is AMAZING!
3.5 stars

This is probably one of the better Hawaiian/Japanese fusion/non-sushi, fast food type places to get lunch in this area. From best to mediocre, it goes: L&Ls, Leo's, Island Teriyaki, Samurai Sam's. It actually reminds me of L&L a lot. I love their chicken katsu, beef short ribs, macaroni salad, chicken and beef teriyaki. Price is good for the serving size. Definitely worth a try if you are craving this type of food and are in the area.
Delicious macaroni! This place reminds me of L&L, similar menu, same presentation of food in the box. They try and skimp you with the meat by putting rice underneath it, so be sure to tell them you don't want rice under the meat if you do order something like that. The staff can be in their own world sometimes, but its cool. We all have our days. I haven't ventured away from the teriyaki bbq, but one day I will and I'm sure it will be just as tasty.
Best macaroni salad I've ever had! YUM! The food is delicious and the staff are always so nice. They keep the place really clean too! Katsu chicken is my favorite.
Eh cuz, I like make da kine public service announcement first for all da buggahs stay writin' reviews for anykine Hawaiian place. No such thing as Kahlua pig. We no put da kine coffee liqueur and shit on da pig, bra. Also, no moa Kailua Pig either, bra. You buy pig or pork in Kailua and bring em' back to Honolulu and you goin' be takin' pig/pork on da kine, Pali Highway. First thing goin' happen is yo' car goin' stall right on da highway, bra. Next da night marchers goin' carjack your car. Then Madam pele and da limu lady - two of da baddest tittas on da island goin' take you to Morgan's corner and bang yo' head on the 13 steps, bra. By da time they done with you, you goin' forget about evah callin' it Kailua pig. It's Kalua, bra. Ok bruddah. Enough of the public service announcements. Dis place stay in one mall next to one Barnes and Nobles. I went come here plenty times. One pake family stay run this place and they do one pretty good job of making island kine plate lunches. Fo' me L&L in North Phoenix is still da best but when I no like drive too far this stay second best. I usually get one of da combo meals, bra - that's the way to go. This blala gives dis place the big shaka sign. Bettah than pig. Bettah than poi. I no shit you. Best Hawaiian food this part of town, bra. One thing - da guy who take da order, bra, he never say nothing. I think he stay da kine - android from Kikaida. I no say nothing bumbai he turn into da kine - red mask and blue suit and chase me out of da store with one spear shouting "git 'em! git 'em!"
I order takeout from here all the time, love the place. Is it like flying to Hawaii and popping into your favorite grind house? Nope.  Is the food delicious and satisfies your cravings for Hawaiian BBQ? heck yes, honestly you can not go wrong with anything on the menu.. 
From the lighter Lemon Pepper Chicken to the BBQ Beef  on to the gravy topped Loco Moco and ending with the Spam Musubi, it is all perfectly flavored and cooked.  

Price point is spot on as well.

oh and don't forget to pour some sriracha on your mac salad!
First time trying Hawaiian food! Got to taste their chicken BBQ, chicken Katsu, and BBQ ribs. The Katsu tasted fresh and crisp! The other dishes were also excellent. They give you a great amount of food for the price. If it was closer to me, it would be a lunchtime favorite
This was my first time coming to this establishment.  I tried the lemon pepper chicken and loved it.  It was nice and tender and very easy to chew.  The macaroni salad was also great.  I will definitely come back to this place to get my lemon pepper fix.  It wasn't over powering with lemon flavor like I've had a other places, which made it even more tasty.
This island BBQ is one of the best things to link me to home. The food is cooked right, and they have a great selection of food that you will never grow tired of. A couple of great selections include their spam musubis' and their manapua. Great way to start the day. I suggest everyone give this place a try, you won't be dissapointed!
Food quality is great, tasty, and always leaves me full! I can always count on it being tasty consistently. The sauces they give are great and not watery. I go to other Hawaiin BBQ eating spots and their sauces aren't always great and their food. I could always count on Leo's to hit the spot! I'm a regular since grand opening and I hope to see this place grow. Love it!
My family loves this place! Macaroni salad is the best. Family owned and always kept clean. Highly recommended
It was great.  I was thoroughly surprised and very pleased with the quality, flavor, price and portions.  If you get the plate portion, it's easily enough for 2 meals, at least for us girls.  My fave is the steamed cabbage underneath the meat.  What can I say?  :D  The mac salad is scrumptious and smooth.  The ribs were flavored really well, the katsu chicken is the best i've had in Phoenix and the BBQ chicken was amazing with the teriyaki sauce mixed with Sriacha.
This is the first time writing a review on a restaurant so hooray I'm a yelper!lol So anyways about Leo's if you are in need of an island style fixing this is the place to go. Being an islander myself this is probably the best hawaiin BBQ by far in the Phoenix area. I have yet to try their loco moco, but all of their mixed plates are delicious. The teriyaki chicken and short ribs are marinated perfectly with that hawaiin style BBQ sauce. Their spam musubi is awesome, I always have to order a side of that with my meal! Staff is great and very friendly, the only downside that I could possibly see is that they take long sometimes and that the seating at the restaurant is limited. But you can always overlook that especially if you have good customer service and great food, which is what they have. So overall highly recommend anyone whose looking for some good island grub!
I've been frequenting Leo's for a few years now and love the kind service, flavorful combos and the value of the food. The sauces are really tasty and are complimentary with your order. I prefer this establishment over other fast Hawaiian places.
Thank you Yelp for this wonderful recommendation.  My husband and I no frequent Leo's at least once a month and have introduced my parents to their outstanding food.  The restaurant is immaculate and the people who work there are very friendly.  Most important though is the macaroni salad.  What is in there that makes me crave it?  I could eat a tub of the amazing salad.  For the Super Bowl we ordered 20 scoops and served it to our guests.  The young man always at the counter said he gets a lot of requests for tubs of the salad.  I have tried numerous meat dishes on the menu and all have been great.  Seriously...GO THERE!!
Best lemon pepper chicken in the valley.

Why 5 stars
1. Clean.
2. Flavor. Flavor.flavor.
3. Portions are big.
4. Spam masubi made right!  masubi.
5. Price is cheap.

Overall i would give it 5 start over and ovee again.
 also like how its just a small place, where everyone gets to know each other.
did i mention about the flavor?

try it!
Amazing teriyaki & katsu chicken! Hubby got the Loco Moco & he said it was just as amazing as from when we were in Hawaii. Their teriyaki sauce was phenomenal, I put it on top of the chicken katsu which was sooo perfectly crispy, they complimented each other so well. Can't wait to come back here.
5/5 is not good enough to describe Leo's. 

The food is amazing, cooked perfectly every single time. They bring it out quickly and yet it is made fresh to order. It is hands down the best Teriyaki I've ever had and the "island style" macaroni salad they serve with it is so incredible that if you're not careful you may actually try to steal some one elses, although I recommend just buying more as Leo's has the most fair prices in town. I doubt you'll have to order more though, because they actually give people plenty of food and don't overcharge them either. 

It is a small family owned place. The service is top notch, they are very friendly, professional, full of smiles and always on top of keeping the place (which is very nicely decorated with comfortable furniture) spotless clean. 

Please, Leo's, KEEP DOING WHAT YOU'RE DOING, DON'T CHANGE ANYTHING, it just works perfectly.

If I go more than a week without Leo's I fall into a deep dark depression...
Great island food! reasonably priced. Awesome taste! Can't beat it. I lived on Oahu for a few years and lived the food. Missed it very much until i found this place!
When you first walk in you will likely receive a warm greeting. The customer service is on par. The lighting is far too bright. The place reminds me of Ono Hawaiian BBQ. I almost feel like they are one in the same. The color scheme. The plastic seating. The bright lights. The less-than-thrilling food. 

On my visit I acquired the following provisions: BBQ Chicken and Beef, Short Ribs, and Kalua Pork. The beef had the best flavor and was easily the best meat. Tender, but still a bit chewy. The chicken was decent, pretty standard. The ribs were at least fifty percent fat and the other half were still greasy, chewy, and basically inedible. And although the pork received great accolades in a New Times article, it fell significantly short. It was almost reminiscent of canned chicken or tuna and lacking any real flavor. The macaroni salad was of course tasty and possibly the most enjoyable part of the meal. 

All in all Leo's was a disappointing experience. Just okay. Aloha Kitchen is still my choice pick for Hawaiian.
Place is small but nice, chairs aren't so comfortable for me. Let's start off by saying the service is excellent. The people are nice and they talk unlike most places! The best thing is the Teriyaki sauce holy that thing is tasty you can put it on anything the foods good I've tried a couple of things. The spots good just would like to see some TVs and different music.
My boyfriend wanted to try this place and so we did. I got the orange chicken plate it came with rice and macaroni salad. It wasn't your ordinary orange chicken. The chicken pieces looked like tenders and the sauce was on the side. I mean don't get me wrong the chicken was fresh and amazing but It didn't earn up to the orange chicken title. I didn't see how the macaroni was blending in with the theme of my platter. It was just odd! Wasn't really crazy about the food the only thing I liked was that it was fresh!
Food was OK the macaroni salad was al dente,  rice tasted a bit hard as well I had ordered the mini chicken katsu ($5.50) and I have to say that L&L's chicken katsu  is way better ,this one was gross, the meat was brown and the breading kept falling off.  I'm not sure if I'll ever come back.
The food here is excellent, the staff is courteous. I absolutely love any of their chicken dishes and their curry is to die for.
Ok, why didn't someone tell me this is a renamed Ono Hawaiian BBQ before I drove the 35 miles to eat at this highly rated "restaurant"?

The place looks like Ono, the menu is just like Ono, the food tastes just like Ono, the sauces are just like Ono, the only thing I could find different was the name of the place.

Food was not bad but it was definitely not great plate lunch that I have had at other Hawaiian BBQ joints.

I have a Ono right by my house and eat there often and there was absolutely nothing different about Leo's Island BBQ and was a waste drive the 70 miles round trip to eat at this place when I could have got the same thing right down the block.
Very Good Fast/casual Hawaiian Food just like what I had in Hawaii!

I am a regular because the food is always good and is always served piping hot and very fresh 100% of the time. Leo's Island BBQ one of the few family owned business in the Arrowhead Mall area. 

One of my favorite Meals from Leo's Island BBQ is the Island Curry Chicken with potatoes, onions and Carrots in a Yellow Curry Sauce. This one is made with a very generous amount of white meat natural chicken that's always so moist and fresh, it's a pleasure to eat. I enjoy their House Made Curry Sauce it's made with exotic seasoning that's so tasty I crave it. They serve most of the plate meals over fresh steamed cabbage with a couple pieces of fresh steamed broccoli. You get a double scoop of steamed Rice (white or Brown(extra for brown) and a scoop of very fresh macaroni salad that I love with a squirt of Sriracha. Because the portion is so big I get two meals out of this and that's a Win!

Often I also get the Mahi Mahi Grilled Fish. It's always very fresh tasting and I like the crispy edges they get on the fish. Sometimes I get the Lemon Pepper Chicken or a noodle soup when I'm in the mood for something a little lighter. 

My husband enjoys everything he tried here. He usually get a combo plate of BBQ Chicken and Kalua Pork and enjoys it every time. He enjoys other foods from here too like when he last got the shrimp he was very impressed that they cooked it perfect. He also likes the Moco Loco.

The food from Leo's Island BBQ is very solid and prices are low. You might just do a Hula!

4.5 Stars
Top notch Island food.  Great value for the price and the servings are huge. Friendly and helpful staff as well
I completely agree with Ray T's review. This is Ono Hawaiian BBQ with a different name. I was pretty disappointed. The shrimp and chicken katsu tasted previously frozen. Mac salad was good. BBQ chicken was good. Manapua not so good (they were small compared to a normal sized bao and I didn't like the sauce flavor, too sweet or something). We also waited 20 mins for our food.

I've had vastly better plate lunch in the valley. And if you have Ono's near you, no need to make the drive out here for this. Same stuff. Same quality. I'm seriously baffled as to how they won a Best of Phoenix award.
5 stars based on great food, generous portions, cleanliness, prices and friendliness of staff. 

I had the chicken teriyaki bowl which was delicious and definitely plenty of food. My boyfriend had the katsu chicken which had enough to take home and tastes great! We shared the egg rolls which were excellent as well. 

My bowl was only $5 and out whole meal, including drinks was $20. We will be returning!
This family run business is the next best thing to dining by sunset in Hawaii!  First off, the place is immaculate beyond compare-and you always see the owners and servers tidying up a spotless shop.  The food is freshly prepared as you order-and delish doesn't begin to describe it.  You can indulge your whims with fried delights or maintain your calorie conscious ways with their grilled options like BBQ Chicken-my fave!  I am always greeted with a warm smile-and they know my order before I state it!  Great weekday lunch specials.  While I live on the other side of town, when I can it is one of my travel stops.
Everything we have ordered has been delicious! Have never been disappointed. I particularly love their barbecue chicken. Friendly staff very clean establishment. I recommend it.
Thank you Yelpers for helping me find another new lunch spot close to work.  Amongst all the chain spots that dominate the west valley landscape, you can occasionally find a unique local gem hidden within (Mi Comida and Rocket Burger among them).  I saw the glowing reviews for the portions and flavors that Leo's dishes out and it did not disappoint.

I came here with my co-workers on a Friday at lunch.  The place wasn't too busy when we got there, but began filling in shortly thereafter.  The restaurant is relatively hidden amongst the rows of big box stores that surround Arrowhead Mall.  If you go just south of Bell on 77th Ave and look east, you'll see it in time to turn in.  From the outside it looks just like your average fast food joint.  But honestly the first thing I noticed when I walked inside was how clean the place was.  Seriously, it was shockingly spotless everywhere I looked, almost as if it the floors and the furniture were brand new.  The folks at the counter were very friendly and helped describe some of their menu items as many of them trend along the exotic.  From reading Yelper recommendations, it seems like the Island BBQ Mix plate lunch is Leo's 101 here so I went with that and a fountain drink.  Total price was $11.  Took about 10-15 minutes to get our food so its not really a hurry up and go place, but we ate there anyway so we weren't in a hurry.  

The photos on Yelp aren't lying.  The portions are huge.  Along with three meats (BBQ chicken, BBQ meat, Kalua pork), my plate came two scoops of cabbage, two scoops of macaroni salad, and two scoops of rice (I went with white, but you can get brown rice for a little bit extra).  First off, the macaroni salad is amazing.  I'm not a big macaroni salad fan, but this was awesome.  I think I tasted some tuna and crab in the salad so that might be their secret.  The meats were also very well prepared.   The meats were pretty lightly sauced, but still full of flavor and super tender.  Hadn't had Kalua pork before, but I was impressed.  Not tender enough to cut with a fork, but still pretty tender.  The beef and chicken were both cooked well and as mentioned earlier there was plenty of it.  The cabbage and rice helped balance out the meal so I didn't feel uncomfortably full when all was said and done.

All in all, really good meal and a great value for the price.  Only negatives I would say were the wait and the temperature in the restaurant.  I would expect a pretty long wait in a sit down place, but this place is barely a sit down restaurant and there was only one customer that ordered ahead of us.  Seems to me they could've sped it up.  It was also pretty warm in there.  Granted it was during a 105 degree day and there's windows all around the restaurant, but they probably could stand to turn the A/C down about 5-10 degrees.  Maybe next time I'll just grab and go.  Overall though, food is excellent and a great option for lunch on the west side of town.  Aloha hunger.
It's was ok,  rice was steamed,  cost extra for brown rice.  Had the lemon pepper chicken, large quantity of food.  Not great but not bad.   Place was clean and staff was friendly
I got the teriyaki chicken bowel my wife got the Mahi-mahi sandwich. All was good. The service was good. One place you can get a spam burger if you like spam. 
There were many regulars there eating. You could tell by the interaction with the staff. 
I have been here 3 times and while the food is good and the service is good it still remains a 3 star. Maybe just me.
Truly the best Hawaiian BBQ in the city! I have been here more than a few times and have never been disappointed. Friendly staff coupled with delicious food delivers a consistent enjoyable experience each and every time. Oh and its quite affordable as well.

This place has won the best in Phoenix award a few times and the judges got it right. One day I would like to view their meat selection process person because they do an amazing job. ALL good cuts! I recommend you make the trip from wherever you are in the Maricopa area to this location. it is absolutely worth it. 

They beef is perfectly seasoned. It has a slight sweet taste to it. And yet it retains the delicious mix of flavorings including subtle onion. It perfectly falls of the small amount of bones that it wraps around. Its very savory. 

The BBQ chicken is perfect as well. Nicely cooked. Not too juicy and not too dry. 

And of course the famous Mac salad. I don't usually like mac salad but this is the exception. Its perfect. Its light, not overbearing. And tastes amazing. 

And of course their side sauces are custom made and perfect. They have spicy and sweet. 

Check this place out. You will not be disappointed.
I tried this place for lunch today and really enjoyed the food and the pricing. The owners' little girl opened up the door for my wife and I. The whole family seemed excited to see customers and was very hospitable.

This place occupies the old Meatballz (next to Habanero's) and is very modern and has pleny of tables and elbow room. They cook the usual assortment of Chinese dishes and serve Sushi as well. This place is fast food that is cooked to order. They probably have over 30 dishes that they prepare. 

I had the Sesame Chicken, which was served with fried rice and  a vegetable egg roll. There was a heaping portion of chicken and it was delicious. My wife had an out of body experience with the Shrimp Lo Mein. She couldn't believe how many shrimps there were plus she was raving about how tasty the noodles were. All of this for about $8 per person (we had one soft drink). Also they have Diet Dr Pepper which is a major selling point for me.

Needless to say, we will be back to try the rest of the menu.
Fast! Fresh!! Perfect! And that was just the food. The service was excellent as well. I'm very picky about my fast food Chinese and don't normally comment, but this was worth it. The girl friend said the Hawaiian was really good too.
This place is awesome on all accounts. I went there today with my wife for lunch and we were both very pleased. They have a good sized menu with a lot different styles of food. I had the General Tso's Chicken, and my wife, the Curry Chicken. Both were great, and reasonably priced. It was less then $20 for the both of us. The service was also excellent. Not only are the staff very friendly, but we had our food in less than ten minutes. I will be going there again, maybe tomorrow.
3.75 stars!  

Just finished putting away leftovers from a take-out order I placed via phone six minutes before closing time.  Mom was hungry, so I asked, would you like some pizza or Chinese?  She said Chinese, and as I started to look for the Flo's menu I had in my purse, she mentioned the pamphlet we received in the mail from Asian Island.  While she pored over the menu, I checked for Yelp reviews and found only one of significance (by that, I mean those reviews written by elites-- real photos and names), that of Scott D.'s.  Mom gave up looking, disgusted at seeing the high prices.  "What do you mean the food's expensive?," I asked.  I looked at the menu, and I didn't see anything over-the-top ($9 chicken; $10 beef and pork; $11 shrimp), so I decided I'd go w/ Scott D.'s wife's selection of Shrimp Lo Mein for Mom, and the Twice-cooked Pork for me.  I'd requested that they omit carrots, celery, and, if any, corn and mushroom.  The woman on the phone repeated these veggies TWICE, so I gathered that she was taking careful notes...

The food was very tasty!  Mom said the shrimp dish was "good!"  I asked "Good-good or good-because-you're-hungry-good?"  She said "good-good, but not 'out-of-body experience' good."  (To quote Scott D.)  LOL  My twice-cooked pork (bbq pork sauteed w/ CARROTS, bell pepper, water chestnuts, spring onions, CELERY, and onions, among other things, was also very tasty!  Mom liked the dish, as well, but, when asked, preferred the shrimp.  I had also requested a side of egg noodles (loved the bean sprouts!), instead of rice, and I really appreciated that they obliged!  Other restaurants would've forced me to take rice, which I cannot have, and then make me pay for a side order of noodles.  This alone deserved a star!  

Easily 4, 4.5 stars, which isn't bad for my first take-out meal from here, and I'd have given 5 stars if my request for certain veggies to be omitted was followed.  I will return to try other items, and, hopefully, they'll be more mindful about my food allergy concerns!

Lunch options look tantalizing, and sushi and Hawaiian dishes are also available!
Have eaten here twice in two weeks. First time we hade take out and it was great. Keep in mind that nothing beats fresh out of the kitchen, but it was great take out. Liked it so much we went back to eat at the restaurant and loved the food even mire as it was served hot out of the kitchen and delicious. The quality was top notch, white meat chicken only, high quality beef, and super fresh veggies cooked perfectly. We have tried the Mongolian Beef, Szechuan Beef, Orange Chicken, Dumplings, etc... and all were top notch. This food blows away any established Asian place we have tried like Jade Palace. The only thing this place lacks is atmosphere as it is mire of a fast food type of atmosphere but the food is first rate tasty and fresh. A small family establishment just getting started and doing it all right. Lets make sure these guys stay in business as Scottsdale needs this quality of Chinese food at the affordable prices they offer. Loved it! Going back for more.
We love this place. The Sushi is very good. The staff is very friendly. We try to go every week. Like the Hawaii Fried Rice, lots of shrimp. Lots of pictures of the food so you can see what you're getting. A real neighborhood feel. My wife wanted the Berry Roll and they were out of berries. They offered to go get some. Next time we came she remembered and told us she had berries today. It was very good.
Asian Island has become my favorite take out place. They have Chinese, Sushi and Hawaiian BBQ, so if I'm in the mood for sushi and my husband wants fried rice, we're both happy. The food is really good, with very fresh ingredients. The restaurant itself is nicely decorated, very clean, and the people who work here are friendly, nice and helpful. We try to go once a week for my sushi fix.
Just had dinner there w/a big group (4 adults & 6 kids).  Our bill came out to $84 for 2 plates of sushi & 6 large size entrees (orange chicken, veggie lo mein, house lo mein, veggie & garlic chix, mongolian beef, hawaiian fried rice). What a great deal & everything was great!  Even had some left overs!  Located near the Scdl Gun Club.  Give this place a try.
If I could give a place 6/5 stars, that would be this restaurant.
You know those times when you want take out and you want Chinese food but you could be swayed towards sushi, or even maybe even Hawaiian? Go to this place and just stare are the MANY menu boards. It's all good. I've had their sushi (Tiger roll is my current favorite here), their chinese combo lunch plates (which are outrageously cheap), and their fried fish hawaiian combos. Everything has been great and way more food than I can eat.

Their service is great as well. They bring the food to your table if you are eating in and start you off with crispy wonton strips and sweet & sour sauce. Then your food comes, fresh from their grill, and it is just wonderful. They even offer to top off your drinks for you, and bring you anything else you need.

You could come here for lunch every day, try something new, and never run out of choices or variety. On top of that, their hours are amazing, something like 10:30 AM to 8PM. Early lunches to late dinners, and they deliver.

I can't think of anything to complain about. Maybe they could offer soup. Really. That's my wish, not even a complaint, because I probably could not eat wontons, soup, AND a dish. But I would try.

--- UPDATE - They DO have soup. It's not on their big boards but is listed on their small takeout menus. So, there you have it. It's all good!
I finally tried this place today, after a bad experience at Ono I wanted to give Hawaiian another chance. However when I waked in here today I ordered the Orange Chicken on auto-pilot - Why? I really don't know... It was decent but likely the lamest dish I could have ordered. The staff seems to be on the ball and the place is really clean, so I intend to return and fully explore the Hawaiian menu.
Crab puffs...very good, spring roll...very good, mongolian beef dinner...great!  I was very skeptical of the reviews at first, so we tried the food.  It is deserving of 5 stars for the quality of the food and the price.  My wife's meal was great also, as I tried her dish.  The food was not overally greasy like most places.  The cook used all fresh vegetables and ingredients as I watched him cook everything fresh.  This seemed to be a family run business as well.  If Asian Island reads this...keep up the great food quality and prices.  People will find you if the food continues to be good and my wife and I thought it was great.  We recommend yelpers to do take out.  We did not eat inside, but did take out only.
When I think of Asian Island, many things come to mind... Delicious, and I mean everything.  Fresh ingredients that are prepared-to-order.  Great service.  Many menu options.  Forever.  As in, it takes FOREVER to get your food here.  If you are in a pinch and need lunch quickly, call ahead or plan to take your meal to-go.  This kind of deliciousness doesn't happen fast.  Dine in customers (and often customers waiting for takeout orders) are treated to crispy wonton strips and dipping sauce to prevent them from eating one another during the extended wait for food.  But fret not, my friend, for once the goods are placed before you, you can't help but forget the agony you endured waiting for it.  This is top notch fast-casual dining.  Sadly, I have to deduct a star for the slow food service.  If they can get moving in the kitchen and start turning tables over a bit more quickly, they'd have no trouble getting a five star rating out of me.
I can't believe I'm recommending a place that serves Chinese, Hawaiian and Sushi.  And I'm still having a hard time to believe I summoned the courage to try the place.  I would usually turn tail and run, but I trusted my fellow Yelpers and gave it a shot.

They were spot on!

There were six in our group (2 adults, 4 kids) and everyone's dish was legit - and a great portion for the price.  

I'm still thinking about the Mongolian Chicken I ordered.  Wow!

Asian Island, I'm so glad I don't need a boat to get to you cuz I'm coming back!
We've eaten here quite a few times and I must say, this is the best Chinese we have had here yet.  I planned to try different things each time but I can't get past the Kung Pao Tofu, it is absolutely awesome.  Fresh veggies (pepper, onion, carrot, baby corn, celery), firm tofu, and a delicious spicy sauce that has become one with the tofu and will be quickly absorbed in their nice sticky rice.  The peanuts put this dish over the top.   Husband has tried the sweet  & sour chicken, Hawaii fried rice, General Tso chicken, Crunchy Shrimp Tempura roll, and the crab puffs.  He had rave reviews for the Tempura roll and thought the other dishes were great as well.

You've got to love a family run place where the youngest kid is sitting up front doing his homework under the watchful eye of everyone working there.

Excellent food at a reasonable price with great service.  Another Yelp recommendation that was completely on target.
I found this place through Yelp! yesterday and ordered some delivery while I was working at-home. This place wasn't amazing but it's pretty good for American Chinese food and I will def. be ordering again. 

The menu is really varied which is awesome and they include all of your standard, traditional favorites. 

The delivery was fast (about 20 minutes). 

The only downside was the lady who answered the phone could barely speak English and had a really hard time understanding me on my phone number, address, and credit card info. But...it was totally worth it. 

I ordered the sweet and sour chicken, spring rolls, and steamed rice. All yummy. They even put the sweet and sour sauce in a seperate container which I love because it gives you control over how much sauce you want (hey, sometimes I just want the chicken without the sauce) and is great for leftovers. 

There is no other good Chinese food delivery in the area. 

A great find. Try it! You probably won't be disappointed or greatly impressed.
We have been searching Scottsdale for good Chinese for almost two years and finally we can stop. We got some traditional Chinese dishes as well as some sushi (Tiger Rolls are amazing). Everything was excellent and plentiful. By the time it hit the fridge we barely felt like we had dented it. All in all it is the best Chinese food in Scottsdale for our money.
this is a typical americanize version of jack of all trades. hawaiian, chinese and japanese food all in one place.
went here for local yelp get together. wife had a chinese food and I tried the japanese food (sushi). 
if you come here for the sushi. skip
if you come here for a quick chinese food, this one will be fine. I wouldn't call it authentic chinese food though. its more like your typical chinese fast food @your local mall.
Searching Yelp for a locally owned place to eat lunch in this area and the Asian Island popped up.  Hawaiian and Chinese cuisine with sushi, prepared and served restaurant style but in a place that looks somewhat like a new dinner/fast food-ish.  

I had their Kung Pao Two ~ with chicken and shrimp.  The portion was large and it was delish!  The fried rice was a little dry, but still tasty.  My friend had the Hawaiian Seafood Mix with fried shrimp and BBQ short ribs with a side of rice.  He really enjoyed his meal.  The Hawaiian BBQ short ribs were his fave ~ he gnawed on the bones!  

The service is very friendly and eager to please.  If you're in the area looking for a great lunch, the Asian Island is a solid place to go.
Tried the mini version of coconut shrimp. Wife loved it  I had Kung pao two. Lot of food, spiced just right. Service friendly. Try it for lunch.
Those who desire home delivery beware.  After 1.5 hours and several phone calls regarding status, we finally gave up and called to cancel the delivery.  We were told it would have taken yet another 20 minutes.  We have eaten here numerous times and this is too bad - the food is decent, but the home delivery is not at all reliable.  If seeking delivery, move on to a different restaurant.
I'm born and raised from Hawaii, and this did not taste like anything back home.  I asked the owner if they are from Hawaii, and they said no, they haven't been there.   That was sooo disappointing.  I won't go back.  The service sucked too!
I haven't tried their sushi or Hawaiian selections yet, but this is a great place for your stereotypical Chinese food.  I live close by so I can utilize their delivery service, and they are always speedy.  I'm to the point of obsession with their shrimp snow pea!
When I think back to my past lunches at Asian Island the first word that comes to mind is "value". 

The second word would be "kuis" which is Chinese for "this was a good meal that didn't take long and they have a soda fountain with free refills and each table has a bottle of sriracha which is also pretty cool"
We have been looking for a good Asian style restaurant that fit our needs since we have moved to AZ. We heard about Asian Island through a friend and we decided to try it. The not only had all our favorites, but the prices were reasonable and all the food was very fresh. Everyone was very friendly and the overall atmosphere was very comfortable. I would recommend this to anyone who loves Asian food. I will definitely eat at Asian Island again.
Great plate lunch!

Stopped by for the first time tonight and had the BBQ beef plate lunch. It was right on target - sticky white rice, mac salad, sweet thinly sliced beef. It was a very filling meal and tasted great. Nice prices in the place too. I will certainly be heading back.
I eat there four or five times each week.  I love the Chinese food the best, but my wife like the sushi as well.  Today I had the Hawaiian BBQ pork.  The flavor was delicious.  The restaurant is family owned with fast tasty home style food and friendly service.  The portions are large with fair prices.  I have tried most everything on the menu and I enjoyed every meal.  You can't go wrong eating there.  I highly recommend Asian Island.
Welcome to Asian Island, home of some of the best Chinese take-out in Tucson--uh, I mean, home of some of the really good Chinese take-out in Phoenix. For SEVEN MONTHS, I have been deprived of fan-worthy Chinese food. Good grief. T-Town should come with a disclaimer: "The city of Tucson lacks 4 and 5-star Chinese restaurants." I've been hunting around for a while now, and then on my first attempt at Chinese in Phoenix, I experience a satisfying victory.

For Americanized Chinese food, this place is freaking good. They have $8 dinner combos for the win, which come with a super-portioned dish, a spring roll, and two crab cakes. The crab cakes are delicately formed as bite-size pieces of art, with crisp upward facing wings. Fresh-fried bites of love with a comforting, creamy, white inside. The spring rolls are likewise fresh-fried. They have a juicy inside and a wonderfully flaky outside. Mm. And the General Tsao's is (a) huge, HUGE (portion) - too much for one person, even if said person has a hefty appetite. It's not as saucy as hubs prefers, but it sure is tasteful. Like so many other places, the chicken is tenderly excellent, while it's breading is slightly too saturated (missing the crispy oomph).

I especially appreciate Asian Island's transparent kitchen wall, which allows guests to peek in while the cooks do their thang. So get on in there and watch how they fresh-fry all their shtuff.
Fresh and inexpensive
My family orders delivery from Asian Island every few weeks. It's so convenient, and no extra charge! And we LOVE the pan-fried pot stickers and Mongolian Beef. The rice is nice and sticky, just the way I like it. The price is right too. This is definitely our favorite traditional Chinese place. We haven't ventured beyond the Chinese food menu to try the sushi.
I was a little early for a Trauma first aid class at nearby Scottsdale Gun Club.  Saw this restaurant a few doors down and stopped in for a quick meal.  Was in a bit of a hurry so ordered something fairly safe - sweet and sour pork.  

The test of a good Italian restaurant is their bolognese sauce.  If they don't offer it or it tastes canned, don't bother with anything else they offer.  Fried rice is the real test of a good oriental restaurant.  Get that right and everything else is also probably good.  Asian Island makes great fried rice.  It has that background smoky flavor that says the cooks know what they are doing.  

The sweet and sour pork was good along with the spring roll and crab rangoon.  Much better quality than I was expecting.  Asian Island just went to the top of my "where to eat" list when I visit Scottsdale Gun Club.
Really good. Had beef fried rice and coconut shrimp. Both really tasty and reasonably priced. Very friendly service for take-out.
You HAVE TO try the Hawaiian Barbecue Chicken!! My husband, 16 month old daughter and I go 1-2 times/week for lunch and get it every time. We love the simple, well cooked chicken and our little one loves the sticky rice and the friendly attention she always gets from the staff. With so many lunch choices in the Scottsdale Airpark, it's rare we become regulars anywhere. With their consistent quality, fast service and super friendly staff, Asian Island has gained a lifetime customer.
i seriously love this place. Their always so friendly and the food portions are huge. More than enough to split is you want. Its so cheap and so good and they deliver! What more could you as for!
Really hard for me to rate this place.  I was a bit apprehensions going in for sushi as it's kind of a small hole in the wall place that has serves everything plus some sushi. My experience has taught me to avoid such places.

Nonetheless i gave it a go and ordered about $70 worth of susi.  The place was absolutely empty and it took about 35 mins to make the 7 rolls I ordered.  The place was clean and simple.  It's more someplace I'd run in to get a quick rice bowl versus having dinner.

The folks that were working there were very kind and brought us won-ton's and sauce while we waited and offered us a soda.  Nice touch.

The sushi was ok.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't necessarily very tasty either.  It just was.

Had it not been for the nice service I'd probably give 2 stars but as the saying goes - kill em with kindness.
Chicken Katsu was terrible. It was extremely fatty and tough.
I called an hour ahead for take out and my order was ready when I picked it up. The Kung Pao Chicken was delicious with a little kick to it. My kid loved the Mongolian Beef which was a generous serving. It came with a side of rice, and all for $20.00. It easily fed 4 people. I have been coming here regularly and have never been disappointed. The husband and wife who own the place are always smiling and happy to see customers.
I've had meals here, and food taste great. Prices are god, and if you go for lunch you should get the combo.  Try their Garlic Shrimp and Teriyaki Chicken as well as the Hot & Sour Soup. Sushi is good too and at very reasonable price, my daughter loves their mango smoothies.
Tried the mini version of coconut shrimp. Wife loved it  I had Kung pao two. Lot of food, spiced just right. Service friendly. Try it for lunch.

Went again. Had Kung pao veggies for lunch. Friendly staff. Do it.
Yelpers you were right again!  Had the combination dinner of mongolian beef, fried rice, spring roll & wontons.  Everything was delicious and although the fried rice was meatless it was flavorful--some of the best fried rice I've had in the valley.  Hubby had the egg drop soup which I thought was absolutely delicious but he thought it was a little salty (but what does he know?!) .  He did like the flavor, but you know, always a complaint.  He had the orange chicken with brown rice which he liked especially because the crust was not heavy and they spiced it up the way he likes it.  Prices are very reasonable.  Service was attentive since it was a rainy day and we were the only ones there.  Their delivery business seemed brisk (although not to my area.)   I'll have to drive there to pick up my orders but I tell you, it will be very much worth it.  I definitely will be back.  
Thanks to Yelpers who give credit where credit is due.
Terrific lunch specials.  Super friendly staff and the food is awesome.  One of those places that you can get a great meal and feel good about patronizing a local family run restaurant.
Ordered Mongolian beef, good flavor but was overloaded with onions and not enough protein. 
Prices are fair, it's decent but nothing special.
This is a good restaurant to go if you work near the area and you are in the mood for some cheap chinese food. The plates are cheap and the quality is what you pay for. As long as you don't go expecting amazing chinese food for 6-10 bucks, you'll enjoy the place. The people working here have always been friendly when I've gone.
Love this place great food.

Nice people. 

So fare everything has been very good.
This food here is pretty good. I give it 4 stars because I have had better Chinese food in other cities, but for Phoenix (which lacks quality Chinese food in general) it is actually quite good. The fried rice is OK, could be better (more fried)....it tends to be a bit more on the steamed side. The Mongolian beef is good but it's not seared/crispy the way I like it. The flavor is still very good though. The Lo Mein is quite good as well. The fried spring rolls that come with the lunch specials leave a little bit to be desired. Overall I do enjoy the food here very much. For Phoenix, it is quite good. Prices are reasonable as well. I recommend it.
wonderful mom and pop pan asian place.
came here to treat myself to comfort food after finishing a skating competition.
i opted for the mongolian beef combo plate, given the stellar reviews on yelp
the beef was nice and tender, not gristly at all, nicely seasoned and had a hint of spice.
the fried rice was good as well.
the egg rolls were crunchy and warm.
perfect meal to make one happy.
price very very decent.
Holy crap this place is amazing! The food is super fresh out of the kitchen so I highly recommend eating in the restaurant rather than getting take out. They've got some awesome hot mustard sauce too.
It's been a couple of years since I last reviewed this place. Thankfully, Asian Island is still standing tall and cooking up delicious and fresh food at a great value. The chefs are very talented as they wok and roll cooking up their culinary masterpieces.

They have free delivery which I have used on occasion, especially when the Blackhawks were making their most recent Stanley Cup run. No way was I tearing myself away from the game. But I usually drop by to eat at the restaurant. The families that run this place are really friendly and care if you have a satisfying meal. If you want more bell peppers and less onions, no problem. So don't be afraid to speak up for substitutions or if you're not digging your entree. And of course, they are appreciative of positive feedback as well. As a side note, one Yelper mentioned that there was a lack of protein in his Mongolian Beef, I find that hard to believe.

 I actually ask for less meat for my signature dish of  Mongolian Beef and get a bunch of broccoli added.  All dishes are served with ample amount of food. Some other favorites include the Orange Chicken, Egg Drop Soup, Chicken Lo Mein, Shrimp Lo Mein and Happy Family. I'm not a Sushi eater so I can't attest to that part of the menu. But I have seen a lot of Sushi orders in the dining room. These guys don't have the name recognition of a couple of other Asian restaurants in the general area, but they are truly the tastiest option. Believe me, I have tried them all.
We decided to try Asian Island because of all the nice reviews it got. This is a little mom and pop place that reminds of those little shops in SF Chinatown. 

We decided to eat there and they started us off with fried won ton strips with sweet and sour dipping sauce. Won ton was stale.

I ordered the pan fried noodles and my wife ordered the hawaiian BBQ chicken. The BBQ chicken seemed like it was marinated over night and was very juicy and tender. The noodles was pretty good and had shrimp, chicken, and a bunch of veggies. 

I thought the food was good and I've tasted better that's closer to us. So we'll see if we visit again
Surprisingly good place.  It's kind of tucked away in a strip mall area, but the food and service are great.  We've gotten take out and delivery (they'll deliver within 3-4 miles of their location near Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101) with several different dishes and each dish was good to great.  The prices are very reasonable.

I've been searching for a really good "dive" Chinese restaurant in Scottsdale since I moved here 4 years ago and I've finally found it.
Wow ! We will be back for Take Out ! We wanted to try a new Chinese Restaurant in Scottsdale for Take-out today. What a pleasant surprise )  The service was great. Delivery was a fast 25 minutes. The food was really good and hot ! The order was perfect. The portions were large and generous. All around Value was terrific ! Next time we will try the Sushi - the reviews look really good. Ohhhh - we like 'old school' chow mein ... and could have been further delighted with hard crunchy noodles. 

We eat frequently at Jade Palace, NaRai Thia and Big Eye Sushi.

Jade Palace has great Egg Foo, NaRai has really hot hot red chili paste for their awesome lunch specials - large large portions - and Big Eye service is excellent and has a -huge- spicy Shrimp dish that is presented like a volcano - heavenly creation.
I ordered General Tso's chicken.  I was served sweet and sour chicken, extremely sweet with green peppers, onions, and carrots.  I asked one of the servers after I tasted a few bites, "Is this General Tso's Chicken??"  Was told by the woman behind the counter that it was, just with spices.  I did not taste any heat and it was not a Tso sauce. My belief was that the kitchen made a mistake and no one dealt with it.  If this was Tso's Chicken, then the chef needs to check some recipes for the dish.

Directions
In a bowl, whisk together egg white, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons rice wine, 1 tablespoon soy sauce.  Add chicken and toss to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator up to 2 hours. 

Recipe #1 Sauce:
* 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce
* 1 tablespoon rice vinegar
* 2 teaspoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry
* 1 tablespoon granulated sugar
* 3 tablespoons chicken broth or water
* 1 tablespoon minced ginger 
* 2 teaspoons minced garlic
* 2 teaspoons cornstarch for thickening sauce, optional

Recipe #2 Sauce:
* 1tbsp dark soy sauce
* 1 tsp rice vinegar
* 1 tbsp Chinese rice wine or dry sherry
* 1 tsp granulated sugar
* 6 tablespoons chicken broth
* 1 tsp minced ginger 
* 1 tsp minced garlic
* 2 teaspoons cornstarch for thickening sauce
* Sesame oil

Recipe #3 Sauce:
* 14 cup chicken stock
* 1 1/2 tablespoons tomato paste
* 1 tablespoon soy sauce
* 1 teaspoon chili paste
* 1 tablespoon rice vinegar
* 1 teaspoon hoisin sauce
* 1 teaspoon sesame oil
* 1 tablespoon sugar
* 1 teaspoon cornstarch

Remove the chicken from the marinade and carefully slide into hot oil in a large wok or pot, 350 degrees.  Fry the chicken until golden brown and remove to drain.  Prepare the sauce in the wok.  Add the chicken and stir for 2 minutes, until the sauce thickens.  

For sauce, discard extra oil, leaving 1 tbsp oil in wok.  Add chile peppers and stir-fry.   Add the garlic, ginger, red pepper flakes and 1/2 cup green onions. Stir-fry  15 seconds. Add chicken stock sauce, boil until the sauce thickens.  Arrange the chicken on a platter and pour the sauce over it. Sprinkle with chopped green onions.  Serve with hot rice.
I wasn't wild about this place but it was perfectly okay. It's kinda a generic Asian restaurant that does not specialize in any one thing in particular. More Asian than island.
Came here for dinner with the family and this place was great. I ordered the lemon chicken and was very pleased with the food and the potion size. The price was great too. The woman and the man who work here are very very friendly. I would come back regularly if I lived in Arizona.
Grabbed a burger (yes a burger :P) and some spring rolls for lunch. Was pretty delish! The burger was super tasty and a great price and the spring rolls yummy too. 

The gal working the counter was friendly and quick so I was in and out of there in a matter of minutes. (they don't always have a great English speaker but it's really all about the food anyways, amirigh? :) )

The only "eh" part about lunch was the duck sauce they provide. It was a little too thick  and color and consistency were not attractive (seemed like very cheap sauce). 

Look forward to my next meal there! (minus the duck sauce :P)
Friendly staff and solid Chinese/Hawaiian food!!!
Bland-- lacking spice, garlic, ginger...you know, the ingredients that make you crave Chinese food.  This is typical Valley Chinese.  I wouldn't bother coming here on my own time/dollar.  Can't speak to the Hawaiian dishes.
Asian Island is one of my favorite places for chinese food in the valley. Although I've never actually eaten in the restaurant the take-out is always great. It is one of the few places I've not only found Happy Family on the menu but it also tastes spot on. The Kung Poa chicken and fried dumplings are really yummy too. I normally grab a bag of wonton chips with each order as well. When I order take out its always quick, easy and ready when I get there.  The family that runs the restaurant are always very nice and friendly as well. I highly recommend!
It's not often I venture away from my desk for lunch during the week without having to bring it back and eat all alone. So I was quite excited to actually get a lunch break...
Since other Yelpers keep checking in here, I thought I'd give it a shot. 

The place is nothing spectacular to look, but the service was great and the food was good. 

What I was in the mood for, wasn't on the menu so in a hurry I just spit out "General Tso's Chicken Please". After we ordered and paid I walked away wondering how they will get the food to me since I didn't give them a name and they didn't give me an order number. Oh well, they'll find us....I hope. 

We took a seat outside and waited about 5 minutes before some lady brought our food right to us with wonton chips for FREE. 

For $12 (no drinks) for two, I was happy.

I'm not in a hurry to get back here but they met all my expectations and I'll add it to my list of places to eat when I'm craving Asian food in North Scottsdale.
I have eaten here many times and I love the food. My favorite dish is kung pow chicken and I also get the spicy tuna roll I would recommend this place to anyone
schezwan chicken i ordered was boring and not very good- too bland. wont be coming back.
Whenever I'm having a night where I just want delivery instead of going out, this is my immediate go to.  They have a really big menu and for the price you get a LOT of food.   The drivers are always very friendly also.  Good Chinese delivery for a great price.
Got a burger with spring rolls for lunch on Monday, spent all Monday evening being sick and am still recovering from food poisoning. I am NOT a happy camper.
I would give Pei Wei 3.5 stars if I could. The service was friendly and the dining area is clean and comfortable. I had a cup of hot & sour soup, 2 wontons, 2 pot stickers and sesame chicken on brown rice.

The soup was pretty good, not great. I would order a cup again but it's not good enough for a bowl.

The crab wontons were surprisingly tasty, next time order more. The sauce was good as well.

The pot stickers were terrible, I would rate them a zero. They're deep fried vs pan fried, so overcooked they were crunchy and hard. And the sauce was awful as well.

The sesame chicken was pretty good, it has a nice fresh flavor and respectable amount of heat.

Overall I am satisfied with meal.
Excellent!! Good quality chinese. Large delivery area. I will definitely be ordering again!
This place is awesome. I always order here when I get the chance.

I think my favorite has to be the sweet and sour pork... and the mongolian beef.

Wait, I changed my mind. The katsu chicken and teriyaki chicken was AMAZING. Yep, those are my favorites. haha!

The portions are good. It does taste more authentic than some of the Chinese places around the area. And the fact that it's Chinese people that own the place kind of confirms it.

Good place for lunch. They also have some Korean and Japanese and Hawaiian style food here too!
Just moved to Sdale from the N. Valley and after reading the recent Yelp reviews for this place (and the 4 star overall rating), I thought I would try it for delivery.  Took about 1 hour to get the food and wasn't impressed at all.  Blah Moo Goo Gai Pan and my roomie didn't like his Chicken Lo Mein much either.   Hot and sour soup was so so as well.  I did like the fried wontons they give you for free, thin and crisp unlike most Chinese restaurants. Throwing the delivery menu in the trash and won't be ordering from them again.
First time here. A Pretty good selection of quick lunch meals UNDER $5!! I had a Manapua, which is a steamed bun filled with a chicken mixture.  It was delicious.  I also got the Aloha Chicken Katsu plate.  Their plate lunches come with a side of rice, and your choice of salad (mac, potato, or tossed greens).  Also last i heard, they're looking for a Griller, so if you know someone ;-)
we've been jonesin for hawaiian food since we got back from maui last month.  new restaurant in town and a coupon and a friday night means a night out.  the place was empty or emptying out which is never a good sign and there's a wait for your food- because they cook it fresh!  it was very good.  good portions and it hit the spot.  we were very happy.  

now, here's some constructive criticism- they need a little more hawaiian "flavor" there- maybe music or surf videos or even beach smelling candles.  hey, maybe they can pull off tiki torches in the parking lot!  

now here's my shout out.  WHY is this place empty on a friday night?  i hate seeing good places going unappreciated.  this location is at the corner of thousands of homes and besides mcdonalds and dunkin donuts and a few hole in the wall joints, there's not much dining selection in the area.  i know times are tough, but plenty of you are shelling out money to go get the same old junk food.  you people of pecan creek and taylor ranch and wayne ranch and castlegate and encanterra need to support your local businesses- and it's good for you!  if this place sucked i wouldn't be saying this, so just remember, if this place goes out of business and you never get a chance to eat there, then you're missing out.
This is a good Hawaiian grill! The macaroni salad is the best around. Support your local businesses people! This is the best restaurant I've been to in this area.
This place really was great!  I agree with the prior poster that it is a shame the residents in this community to not support local restaurants that keep going in and out of the shopping center!!!

I ordered the butterfly shrimp.  The flavor was fresh and flavorful.  Crisp breading and the rice was cooked perfect.  I also got an order of Lumpia and they were fantastic!  Crispy mini eggroll style with yummy filling.  I have tried other hawaiian restaurants like Ono Hawaiian, and wanted to vomit!  This is so much better!!!!
I stopped in at Aloha Grill for takeout, and I am just kicking myself that I hadn't gone sooner. I ordered the misubi and a boulgogi plate and both were fantastic. If I had to give a few constructive criticisms to the owners it would be: go with George's suggestion to add more Hawaiian flavor to the decor. Also, I think I know why the dining room is empty. Chemicals from nail salons don't smell great, and the nail salon next door isn't doing them any favors. I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this place for takeout and I will be eating there again.
Fantastic food! My family and I eat here several times a month. Highly recommend the Aloha Chicken Plate
First time trying this place out...ordered the Aloha Chicken! :-) The food was pretty good...although I have had macaroni salad from a Hawaiian place out of state that I liked better, but can't complain for this being right up the road! The meat was very tasty and flavorful!
Food was good, if she cooked it all i wouldve been impressed. This deserves more people. Support your local spots.   You won't regret it!
My family loves this place! The food is always fresh and cooked to order.The best hawaiian bbq I have had in the valley. I have such a hard time deciding what to order when I go because everything I have tried is so good. Now we decided it is best to order combinations. Everyone in our family order a diffrrent one and share it. :-) The first time we ate here we liked it so much we were back the next day.The chicken bbq, and bbq pork I think might be my favorite. However, then...I have to have the adobo too. The only thing I have not tried yet is the fish. That is next.  I think prices are very reasonable.Service is excellent. So nice and friendly there. They even offer catering or pick up tray orders so you can plan your next party. We are planning on this for our next party.I really hope this place stays because I love it. So tired of seeing things I like come and go in the san Tan Valley/Queen Creek area. Come on everyone start supporting family owned business! We want them to stay!
Wonderful little local restaurant...a must try! Clean and friendly! Great value and even greater food! Aloha!!!!
Great food, great prices- the whole family loved it! We will be dining there more often! They deliver within a 5 mile radius!
My wife and I love this little place. 

The Aloha chicken - simply mouth-watering 
Aloha flavored short ribs - phenomenal  
Macaroni salad - I contemplated buying a bucket of, instead I was shot down due to a 48 hour notice rule. 
The Boulgogi (steak with sweet Aloha sauce) - is irresistible
Manapua - The wife's favorite!   
The Aloha shrimp - taste like they have been caught at a tropical island. 
Aloha Steak a la Pobre - Has about double the garlic needed for a well seasoned steak, but you can't win them all! 

Delivery is available within a 5 mi. radius, but only on certain days of the week.
I really wanted to LOVE this place because of all the good reviews here and because of the reviews is why we went there tonight. Sometimes I wonder if relatives give these places the 4-5 star reviews. 
I will say the place was clean and tidy and the counter girl was pleasant. I don't like cafeteria style restaurants, especially at $12.00 a plate. Only thing good about an order yourself place is I don't tip. 
I ordered the BBQ pork and it was bbq'd right to the skewer so I had to eat it with my hands. It was over cooked, rubbery and way to thin. However, it did have a good flavor. The macaroni salad was very good and they were happy to replace the rice with a green salad at no extra cost.  The short ribs were very tough and cut thin, again the flavor was good. The coconut shrimp tasted like it was just ordinary frozen restaurant fare, nothing special. I really wanted to like this place as we need more family run places and not chain eateries. We were there from 5:30 to 6:30 and we were the only ones in the place the whole time. Too bad. Oh yeah, it took a long time to get our food being we were the only patrons . I may try it again and order the chicken.
While searching for a place that delivers I came across Aloha Grill. It's family owned, they deliver only on Friday and Saturdays but I decided that we needed to check it out. STV is inundated with chain restaurants so any opportunity to eat family owned I'm there. The restaurant is tucked away in a shopping center, it's bright and clean. There was only one employee working, she was sweet, very helpful and knowledgeable of the menu. We ordered 2 combo plates, I got katsu chicken, aloha boulgogi and macaroni salad. My hubs got the aloha chicken and katsu as well. The chicken was moist and the katsu crust was crunchy, perfect. The sauce had to be homemade, it was very tasty. The aloha boulgogi was fantastic. It's a thin steak in teriyaki sauce. That was a first for me trying that dish, I will definitely order it again. I sampled the aloha chicken from my hubs plate, the teriyaki was flavorful and the chicken was moist. this is a big deal to me, chicken is so often dry in restaurants, I will always give kudos to a place that can cook it well. We also ordered lumpia. I love love love love lumpia, and haven't been able to find it in STV or east valley. They were skinny and had less filling that I'm used to but they were still very good and tasted authentic to this white girl from so cal. The macaroni salad was fresh and creamy. Yes, we did wait a bit longer for our food, but the girl working was by herself. She cooked, waited and was taking phone orders. I will wait a bit longer for fresh quality food and friendly service. 

I think we should all try this place at least once before you drive up to Ono. It's family owned, we need to support our little community and hopefully keep it from being just another area full of chains and big corporate fast food!
My husband is a fan of Hawaiian food, so I decided to give this restaurant a chance. We stopped in during lunch on a weekday, and only one other table was occupied. 

The decor is not astounding, but they do have televisions which was playing Surf's Up at the time. I thought that was a really fun touch! The girl at the counter was very nice, although it did take a couple minutes to get service. It seems as though she is the only one working, which was ok as there were not many people dining in at the time.

I ordered the Aloha chicken. At the time I did not realize that it was dark meat. I am not sure if I misread the menu, or it was not clearly stated. I may been wrong to assume it was white meat. That was a huge disappointment. When it arrived it was overcooked. The sauce was ok, but I could not get past the charred pieces. That is where Aloha Grill lost points. I chose to have two sides of steamed rice instead of macaroni salad. The rice was perfectly cooked. It also came with half an orange which I found refreshing.

My recommendation is that you ask about anything on the menu that is not clearly stated. It was an ok experience, and I would be willing to try it again.
Chicken was cold on aloha plate for takeout. Lunch portions are too small. Mac Salad is good though. Price doesn't justify quality and taste. Moki's in mesa is worth the drive/time if you're going to spend money.
Went out to try this place out today. Pulled the door handle and the door was locked. Peeked inside, the half of the ceiling lights were on and the tables were in dissaray and without a chair insite. More than likely this place went out of business.
When we walked in we were the only ones there and the person working didn't have a  great understanding of the menu. Our food took a long time to come out and when we got it the food didn't seem to the highest quality and was overly sweet like we were eating syrup or dessert I wouldn't recommend it.
The newest edition and 2nd location located in the Plaza hotel in downtown. Awesome set up, bar, live music and great food for a decent price. It makes the local hawaiian communtiy out here happy and also hawaii vacationers feel like there home! Food is priced right and portioned right and tastes even better. Parking is free if validated. Lots of open seating at tables or at the bar and the staff is super friendly and efficient. Definetly a must stop for everyone. Also just like the other location, poke express is available along with its grill menue for take out food!
My boyfriend and I stopped in here after a recent yelp event. We had never been in the plaza before (just remodeled) and wanted to check it out. 
The service was perfectly fine, the rolls we had were fine, if a little over priced. The only major issue I had with the place was that they had some singers/guitarists playing. Usually this is a nice touch, unless it's so loud you can't even have a conversation. Not bad singing, but it's really hard to enjoy a meal when your ears hurt and you can't even have a conversation. 
I waver between 3 and 4 stars, but I'll go ahead and say 4. The only issues that they had are the kind of thing they'll grow out of as they go along.
We were skeptical at first....but glad we tried it!! Loco moco was awesome. Ahi poke real yum and fresh. Salmon skin roll wasnt very nively put together but tasted great!! They even get the hawaiian lilikoiand passion fruit drink! And malasadas too! Must try in vegas!!
I went to Island Sushi on 9/24 for lunch with a few friends, and WOW! I've eaten a lot of sushi in Vegas, and I have to say this is right up there with my top picks. It's also a good spot for casual dining for non-sushi eaters as well, as there are options for sandwiches, salads, and bento boxes, noodles, etc... 

We devoured: 

Seaweed salad- fresh, no fishy or briney taste. Very light. $4 (I think)

 Kilauea roll -  spicy tuna, fried unagi, and spicy miso sauce.  $15

Crocodile roll - spicy soft shell crab, avocado, deep fried unagi, and eel sauce (The eel was perfectly prepared, fresh taste, no fish oil flavor like you sometimes get.) $13

Philadelphia roll - salmon, avocado, cream cheese $8

808 Ahi Poke salad - entree size with BEAUTIFUL tuna. $9

Tuna nigiri $5

Our non-sushi eater ordered the ISHG Players Club sandwich, which was VERY tasty. Chicken breast, ham, bacon, lettuce, tomato, topped off with a curry aioli.$8


Everything that we had was very light in taste, exceptionally fresh, and generously portioned. Prices on the sushi were slightly higher than other places in town but I expect that in a casino, and given how good everything was, I'm really okay with that. 

Bonus: the wasabi was FRESH. Good job! (I've only had fresh wasabi at Osaka, and they charged extra.)

The service wasn't quite as fast as I'd like, but not uncomfortably slow. (Given that it's a Hawaiian style place, I think that a relaxed pace is to be expected.) The friendliness of our server more than made up for it.

 Overall, I'd give it a 4.5 if I could, with the only drawbacks being the slightly higher prices and speed of service. An enthusiastic 5 for the food. I'll definitely be back!
Located in the newly renovated Plaza Hotel, this place just ROCKS.  Sunday through Thursday, they have happy hour specials (twice daily) that offer GREAT food and drink specials...the poki is just amazing!  Most importantly, I had, without a doubt, the very best uni EVER...day fresh, light and absolutely flawless.

Service is great, food is great...go there!
grand happy hour.  some of the best chicken wing appetizers i've had(sweet, garlicky, addictive).  i've never seen eggplant fries before--similar to fried zucchini & delicioso.  proper spicy tuna roll.  what are those beans called? alamane?  they were $1.50 & addictively tasty too.  total bill was a nice suprise.  great service.  i'll always do happy hour  when i'm nearby.  NICE!
Great quality, great service and good prices.  We went for the locals special, half-off sushi and specialty rolls.  Will definitely come back!

No complaints, all positive.
I was here last night for the Sake Session tasting from 7-10pm.  Honestly, I'm glad that I came back, since the second time was apparently the charm.  I  was here one other time, but came before the place was officially open for business, since they were still working out the details with the menu and they actually had forgotten about my sushi order.  Granted, there were about 8 of us and it was a soft opening, so I figured that I'd wait til I wrote a review for this place--especially since I keep hearing about the other location and their AYCE sushi option.

First of all, for the Sake Sessions event, they had a DJ spinning some tunes and two models in kimonos serving sake, as well as the somm. doling out ladles of sake (my boyfriend just had to have a photo op with the ladies AND the somm).  It seemed like It was an interesting dining experience, to say the least.  I actually saw an 80-something year old man walk up to the models and take pictures with them, all while sporting a huge grin on his face.  Ya, I'm pretty sure he can leave a happy man now.  Lol.  Anyways, back to the food and booze.

The menu specials (ranging from $1.25-$8.25) that they had for the event were pretty plentiful and I couldn't help myself from trying out a few of them:
 
Yakitori Beef - tender, delicious, and possibly the best thing on the menu
Furikake Ahi - yummy 
Shoyu Ahi - my fave of the ahi offerings, mostly since I don't really like a lot of different overpowering flavors

The food was definitely worth the wait, although we had to ask the server twice about the status of our second order.  I'm thinking it may have been because by the time we ordered, it was also getting a bit busier at around 8:30pm.  

Aside from the semi-crowded area, loud music (after all, there was a DJ there and it seemed like I came during the dinner rush), and weaving around groups of people downing sake bombs, it was a great time.  I really wish, though, that they would put a bathroom in the restaurant area, instead of having us walk outside and into the casino to use the bathroom, but maybe that's just wishful thinking on my part.
 
I'll have to try other options next time, but for now, I definitely recommend this place to anyone needing a Hawaiian and  Sushi fix on side of town.  I'm actually closer to the Eastern location and will have to try out this place to see how it stacks up.
Ambience is good. The price is pretty good. The food is good with a decent portions. Malasadas is a must. Have a extra time to wait. Service is not that fast. Hawaiian time.
I LOVED it here. I go to school in Boston so clearly I don't get my local Hawaii food a lot but wow, these guys got my fix. Not to mention a lot of the wait staff is from Hawaii so in addition to having local food you also get local people and attitudes. When we went to Aloha Specialties Restaurant they weren't extremely friendly. Like I know they're always busy but really. So we had a local boy who was extremely friendly and went out of his way to make us feel at home.

When I got in I got so excited because of all the local food. They had malasadas, cocoa puffs, chicken katsu, garlic chicken, everything I eat at home and I didn't even know what to choose from. 

I had a garlic chicken bowl and sushi. Oh my god, garlic chicken, how I missed thee. It's not mitsuba or Mistuken but it's still good. It wasn't dripping with sauce which is both good and bad. I ordered the bowl because I had the thought, oh well the bowl will be smaller. No not really. In addition I had maguro and ebi nigiri (which was delicious) and a California roll (delicious, but a little bit of a vinegar taste in the crab meat). So with everything I ordered I was actually very excited for my dessert which was the malasada sundae. It was so yummy, the warm malasada pieces which could have be crispier but it was delicious with the vanilla ice cream. There was also a strawberry sauce that I don't really think added to the dish but it didn't take away from it either. I think I'm just a chocolate person.

Best part, everything was so well priced. I don't feel like I overpaid which is weird because Vegas was so expensive. And with the service we got I seriously would not have cared if it were a few dollars pricier.
Missing island food?  Next time you're in Vegas, check out this place in The Plaza.  They even have malasadas and coco puffs!
Best limu poke & malasadas I've had outside of Hawai'i!  Please come to the Bay Area!!
Had a stay-cation at the Plaza, just to see how remodeled Plaza looked.  We also notice that they put in a sushi place called Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill.  Which I do like sushi and Hawaiian food, so we had to stop there.

Located inside Plaza Hotel and Casino, they made the restaurant nicer looking.  I remember 4 years ago, it was a buffet restaurant.  But after the "making it over" and adding new carpets, new furniture and a lot of new things.  Having the Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill, makes Plaza a place to check out.  

Focusing on the restaurant itself.  It was located in a nice area, right in front of the casino floor and close to the check in desk.  The place seems to be the right size for this kind of restaurant.  It also had a sushi bar and a bar with slot games on them.  It was clean and the color scheme seem decent.  The staff seems very nice. Service on the other hand, seems a bit slow. I could understand if it was busy, but with 4 other couples, I see no reason to wait 5 minutes for a refill.  

I was really hungry, so I had the Teriyaki chicken plate and 2 orders of California Rolls.  I'm not the one that goes into details about sushi or how it taste compared to others.  I'm just one of those people who just like to eat sushi regardless.  Sure enough, I did like the California rolls and ate them all.  The teriyaki plate, with rice, macaroni salad was also decent.   But I'll be honest, I was expecting more of a teriyaki taste, but didn't really taste much teriyaki.  But it was cooked very well at least.  

My recommendation, if you are in the area, this is a decent place for sushi.  Teriyaki chicken is cooked very well and presentation was good.  Probably want to request Teriyaki sauce on the side or so.
I love the extensive menu and friendly service!  Reminds me of being in Hawaii.

After going to Aloha Specialties at the Cal for 10+ years, I was ready to give Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill in the Plaza a try.  My relatives from Hawaii and my parents said that it is like Aloha Specialties but slightly more expensive.  Island Sushi is open later and they have happy hours from 3-5pm and again late night.  It is a sushi bar and restaurant.  They also have fresh malasadas and a poke deli!

Here is what I had:

Avocado Ahi Bowl $8.95:  I chose to order the Avocado Ahi bowl which was basically their poke with avocado chunks and sliced cucumbers on a bed of rice.  I had buffet yesterday and chose this instead of a meat dish I would normally order.  It is definitely enough to fill you up, but I prefer Aloha Specialties poke more.  The ahi here needs to be marinated more or served with more of the sauce.

Some of the other dishes we tried:

Saimin:  My dad had the saimin and thought that their noodles were very good.  Nice and al dente... not mushy at all.

Teriyaki Beef:  My mom had this and the meat was sooo tasty!  I saw about three other people around us with the same order.  One of the best teri beefs I have ever had.

Garlic Chicken:  My brother's mouth was stinging from the subtle spiciness in the chicken's crust.  It seemed like white pepper or something like that.  A delicious dish with a tiny kick.  A lot of chicken!

MALASADAS:  If you come you definitely should try their custard filled malasadas!  They are made fresh throughout the day but you don't necessarily get them hot out of the oil.  They are filled when you order them though.  We tried the Haupia and the regular custard.

This place is slightly more expensive than Aloha Specialties but it is a sit-down restaurant so you are paying for the great service too.  It is only maybe a dollar or two more per entree.  Most of our dishes were about $8-$9, still a very cheap meal!  Plus they have a bunch of rolls if you are in the sushi mood.

Loved it... will be coming back on future Vegas trips.
The food sounded so good. We had a bunch of sushi, garlic chicken, and malasada sundae. But I feel it was a trap.

I felt the portions were big. But my seared ahi tasted funny. It had a tangy taste; what the hell? Three people in my party got stomach aches the following morning. You'll have to make your own assumptions from there.
I'm so from Hawaii.  I love this place.

The service here is awesome.  Staff is very friendly and welcoming.  Place is nice and clean.  Island Sushi is a restaurant and Sushi Bar.  

We had a bunch of different sushi rolls (sorry i forgot the names) which were all good... We also tried the saimin, spicy ahi bowl, kalua pig and cabbage, and garlic chicken.  Everything was great.  Oh and how could I forget the spam musubi!  We also got musubi's for our road trip to CA. :)

Definitely makes you feel like you are back home...

The next time I'm in Vegas...I know for sure I will end up here at some point!
Food is tasty but if your looking for fresh fish you may be disappointed most dishes are made with frozen product. Prices are a bit inflated probably because its hard to get fresh frozen fish in Vegas. The poke they had for sale looked old and not so fresh even though the signs all said fresh fish. Who are they trying to fool? People from the mainland yes people from Hawaii i don't think so we see what fresh fish looks like and its not what they had for sale. I would say pass if your looking to eat sushi there are better places out there but if your suck in downtown go to the golden nugget for sushi at least the fish is fresh.
My husband loves sushi, I am in love with teriyaki.  While he was satisfied with this place I was gravely disappointed.  Don't get me wrong the service was nice, the lady who greeted us was friendly and our server was attentive.  (Well, except for bringing the check around.)  I ordered a teriyaki burger with fries and I guess I was just expecting something juicy and dripping with sauce.  This burger was dry and reminded me of the beef on a cruise ship.  Frozen for far too long and probably really old.  The bun was thick and would have really worked best on a juicy patty, but on this dried up mess it was just plain overkill.  Can a girl at least get a pineapple slice up in here?  Nope.  Skip it, there are so many more options at the Plaza to choose from.
So my final review, the food was Good. The mac salad needed a little help. Hubby says the beef stew needed mor tomato sauce or paste: garlic chx was good but needs a little more marinating. The crunchy tempura roll was really good. The people were really nice and friendly... They got The Aloha spirit, not like some of these other so-called island places/local food. Overall hubby & would visit more often :)
we hit this place a few times a month for lunch. Service is quick, staff very friendly, and there's a display counter for fresh fish a la Poke Express in NLV.  You can order it out which is pretty cool, or have it served with your lunch.

I typically order Won Ton Min, which is pretty good, with a side of tako poke or kim chee cucumbers.  Spam musubi had just a little too much rice; i like a closer Spam to rice ratio, and it comes served wrapped in plastic. I am guessing that it's not fresh pressed, but previously made, but it still tastes good.  

My friends typically get Bento boxes, and hold the furikake.  They seem to like their mochiko chicken and other stuff.  

The one bad thing about going here, and it's not really the restaurant's fault, but there's a weird chemical smell throughout the casino.  Almost like every ventilation return has some fabric softeners stuffed in there or something.  

restaurant: 4
weird funky smell: 2.5
It first time checking out Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill. I have always heard about the original one on eastern. Only good things about but never got around too trying it mainly because live on the opposite side of town. Some friends in town from 808. They staying downtown thinking about checking it out plus they heard good things word of mouth. 

The menu is very diverse come too getting your local grinds on. Too many comfort foods mention but cliff notes. The breakfast food portuguese sausage eggs and rice, malasada and coffee, too lunch every plate lunch can imagine, pupus plenty choose from, and dinner entrees keep local theme meatloaf do it local moco style. The sushi part of the menu is quite diverse lot of different speciality rolls too nigri style. One thing that stood on the sushi menu is the Poke express. U can have poke done in lot of different styles. Not many non local style sushi restaurants even have poke or do it any justice. So having the option too pick is pretty cool. Three of us. We order couple of speciality rolls too share and each order something. I had the chicken and eggplant. I enjoyed!!! I felt everything was done right chicken, eggplant not dried out but nice sear and moist, and came with rice and mac salad (not big fan of the mac salad). Portion size. Wow! Sure getting money worth comes too the food. Three of us ordered three speciality rolls, and shared calamari. No way finish my plate once looked at the amount. Friends ordered the pork chop (honest not fan of neither was my friend, not bad just pork chop thin cuts rather then nice thick cuts, and just ok) and other friend order chicken katsu curry. All say food was Ono!

The service was good. Server little hard too find came too getting refill on friend iced tea. Still overall she was very friendly, knowledgable, and great job explaining the menu. It pretty big menu. 

It great experience and sure one that if hanging out downtown be place recommend for local style grinds. The pricing is not bad nothing that going too break the bank. Lol. Its local food peeps. The fact Plaza renovation (my first time in the hotel since renovated it) LOT nicer only plus!
We were leaving Union Plaza when we walked by.  It wasn't crowded (perfect for my husband who doesn't like to wait) so I suggested we have dinner here.

I wish I had gotten pictures of what my husband and mother ate but they were a little to quick for me in picking up their chopsticks.

My mom had the saba.  Now anytime my mother eats all here food, I know it was good because she is such a little eater.  Normally half of her food ends up on my husband's plate but not this time.  She said it was really good and very tasty.

My husband had a bento, which he loved as he ate without speaking.

I had their Kim Che Saimin, which was awesome!  The broth was really warm and soothing and very tasty. The noodles firm and not mushy and it had lots of kim che as well as spam, char siu and kamaboko.  I would definitely have this again.

My husband asked me to note this place down so that we remember to come here again on our next vacation.

Everyone there was very pleasant and very friendly.

A+ for Service!
Raw fish is bomb! Everything on the menu is good! Come before 6 or make reservations its GOOD!!
Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill is FANTASTIC for breakfast!!!  There was a good variety on the menu.  Pretty generous portions.  The sweet bread French toast was very tasty.  Good rice.
Service was EXCELLENT.  Very courteous, and very attentive.
On our next trip back we will have to try lunch and dinner.  We made it to breakfast 2 days in a row.  Enjoy yourself!
This restaurant is an excellent alternative to Aloha Specialties at the Cal. Hooray! The food at Island Sushi is on par, maybe even better! And they are open later. Poke bowls, oxtail - great!
Had an unexpectedly awesome time here on Saturday night.  Had some family fly in from Hawaii so we met them here for dinner.  It was getting late and we had a large group of starving people.  The night quickly turned into a fun night with live entertainment by Mahi Crabbe and great food and drinks.  I believe Mahi performs there every Friday and Saturday night.  Check him out, he has a great voice and can sing Hawaiian (great falsetto voice), Michael Jackson, Oldies, etc etc.  

Great place for people watching...some people...I just wonder.  And even better when Mahi points them out in the middle of singing. Haha good fun.  

If you check in on yelp you receive 20% off your entire bill.  The service was great.  Can't wait to go back on our next trip to Vegas.   

Favorites: Pauhana Sushi Roll
BEST LOCAL FOOD DOWNTOWN! Everything I've eaten here was ono, the server P.K. is friendly and the malassadas are better than back home. It's sad when you gotta travel to Vegas to eat good local food. Hawaii is slippin.. HANA HOU ISLAND SUSHI! 
 P.S. The only advice I'd give to the owner is to speak to the hotel about the strong deorderizer smell upon entering the casino. It's unappetizing and makes me nautious. That's what stops me from going to eat there as often. It's driving business away, and  I'm forced to do take out and eat it in my hotel room.
What a disappointment this was. We're staying at The Plaza and ate here for dinner. I had the Garlic Chicken which came with rice and macaroni salad. The chicken was dry, fried, and didn't taste of garlic. They should have tossed it in a light  garlic sauce. The macaroni salad was not made within the last couple of hours because the mayo was already absorbed, so it was dry and tasteless. The plate also arrived cool. My partner ate a bento box with ahi tuna, teriyaki chicken, rice, noodles, and spam. It was also cold, chicken was dry, and tuna was ok. We had much better food at King's Hawaiian in Torrance. The sushi looked good, so all these positive reviews had to be about the sushi and not the rest of the menu.
A very welcome addition to the Plaza.  

Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill is in the spot formerly occupied by the 777 Buffet, perhaps the saddest buffet in all of Las Vegas.

Island Sushi is a very clean restaurant with extremely friendly and attentive employees.  And the food ain't bad, either!

I've eaten breakfast here twice and it's been very good.  On my last trip, I went with the "Big Aloha.," The Big Aloha consists of fried spam, Portuguese sausage, sweet bread, rice, macaroni salad, and a loco moco.  Yeah, gotta think I ingested around 2,500 calories or so...2,596 or so with the Miller Lite.

Added bonus - a walk up counter with poke from Poke Express!  Nice!  You can also order some malassadas to go, and they're simply outstanding.  They put the filling in the malassadas right in front of you.  Top notch!

I'll definitely return on my next trip to downtown LV, assuming I have a hangover at some point.   :)
I have heard about Island Sushi's Eastern Ave. location through friends and co-workers, but never had a chance to go there since I don't live close by. Within the past 3 months, we had relatives who were staying at the Plaza Hotel and finally had the chance to eat here twice for dinner. 

The service here is awesome! I believe most of the employees are from Hawaii. P.K., Lisa and Conrad were very friendly, attentive and entertaining. The entire family enjoyed talking to them while we were there. 

I have only ordered a few items off of their menu, but so far everything was pretty good. On my first visit, I ordered the Kalua Pig plate with no cabbage. It was average - not dry, but definitely not the best I have had. Actually, I have not found a place in Vegas where they serve very good Kalua Pork. One thing I really miss about Hawaii! During my second visit, I did not feel very hungry and decided to go with sushi. I ordered a Natto Roll, without the scallions. Yes, I am probably one of the few people who eat natto. It is also rare to see this on the menu at any sushi restaurant. To my surprise, it was actually pretty small so I ended up ordering 2! Yummy! For dessert, we ordered the Malassada Sundae, which was pretty good! They cut the Malassada into bite-sized portions and it is served with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream. My only complaint is that they went over board with the whipped cream. But it was no problem, as we just scrapped it off to the side. 

Our servers also mentioned that a lot of the Hawaii visitors like to order spam musubis and bentos to-go for their flights back home. You can place your orders earlier in the day, tell them what time you will be leaving for the airport and they will have your order packed and ready to be picked up by then! 

I am definitely looking forward to coming back next month when we have more relatives in town!
Onolicious!   .... Everything - dragon roll, Hawaiian roll, crunch roll, edamame, spam and Korean beef and noodles, and calamari and Kiran and Sapporo beers. You can't go wrong here.
Island Sushi has some great sushi and  island-style grinds! My friends and I especially liked the furukaki poke, the garlic chicken, oxtail curry and the many unreal sushi rolls that we stuffed ourselves with. The waitresses and the entire staff were so friendly, and went out of their way make us feel at home. Highly recommended for anyone hungry for local food and excellent, fresh sushi.
Been here 2 times already. Luv the lilikoi soda drink. Had some sushi and poke that was yum!! The malasadas are awesome too! Loco moco is good but we tried some food last time that was a bit too salty and too oily(fried rice). But overall is a good place to eat!
Beggars can't be choosers right? The restaurant was in our hotel and we need something to soak up the alcohol from the night before.  Solutions?  Greasy Loco Moco! 

Coming with a party of r 3, the general conclusion was the food was subpar.  This stuff could not pass or remain in business in Hawaii.  But considering we're not in HI, I guess this would have to do if I really wanted local food and was too afraid to try anything else in Downtown.  The gravy in the Loco Moco was weird, the MAC salad was just odd, and the saimin lacked any real flavor.  The only highlight to the meal was the Portuguese Sausage.  It was decent but how can you really mess up frying some sausage? 

Service was friendly at least! Also, be on the lookout for a 15% off your whole bill when you check-in through Yelp!
AYCE dinner. I really want to give them a higher rating but I just can't.  Personally I love the customer service and environment, probably one of the best I've ever had in Vegas, very friendly, conversational, fast with everything, made us feel special, it's a Hawaii thing we do shine when it comes to that LOL at least most of us. If it was based just on customer service it would be a 5 star definitely. 

The AYCE menu was OK but mostly disappointing especially when it came to the sushi and desserts. It seemed like everything we usually order at AYCE sushi restaurants weren't even on the menu or had to be pay extra.  No sashimi, poke, uni, smelt eggs, shrimp tempura, or sushi rolls that stood out.  The sushi rolls were smaller and didn't standout visually and taste wise. For desserts, small mochi ice cream which looked like the one you get straight from the box sold at the market and cut into quarters.

The goods were mostly off the non-sushi section of the AYCE menu.  The green mussels, fried oysters, various chicken items, etc. 

If you do come here I don't recommend the AYCE if you want the best of what they have to offer.  I mean you still can do the AYCE and get satisfied. But me, I'll just order from the regular menu since it seemed like a better menu.
cheesy krab goodness, slathered-in-sauce roll heaven/hell (depending upon your preference) sorry. not my bag, baby...

stopped in here hoping for a quick bite before night of the living neon. arriving just after happy hour started at 3, the list of rolls goes on! but i'm a traditionalist.

"It's ALL fresh," he says. Bologna! (or should I say spam?) Spam is served as a principal ingredient in most of their soups.
#tuna nigiri, past its expire date. fishy, nasty. rice is warm. ew.
#salmon nigiri, same. faded.

switching to cooked menu. maybe something better comes out of the kitchen?
Nope...

UDON SOUP
#broth from instant powder, laden with MSG. epic fail

#15% discount with yelp check in doesn't work if you aren't already GPSd to the area. no GPS coverage in here!

what a waste.
I thought the day that my husband (the former sushi hater) actually recommended a sushi place to me would be the day that hell froze over.  It's always the other way around. The day has finally come, but I'm happy it did! 

My husband and his friends always hit this place up when they're in town, and I was excited to be able to try it myself.  One of husband's best friends is a Hawaiian native, and he loves it here - the Hawaiian seal of approval told me this place would be a winner.  They've got a great selection of inventive sushi rolls, and their ahi poke bowl is yuuuuuuuum. Their prices are pretty fair, given the portion size and the fact that it's in a Vegas hotel.  The service was a little spotty, but overall pretty good.  They actually play island music, which makes me forget where I really am.  

Both my specialty rolls were fresh tasting and full of flavor.  I kept stealing bites of my husband's ahi poke.  I'd love to be able to try their happy hour, or maybe wear sweat pants and belly up to the All You Can Eat stuff the next time I'm in town.

(And check in on Yelp when you get here - they've got free Wifi if you ask the server for the password - and you'll get 15% off!)
The food is not bad but I think price is a little hight for downtown. Service is very slow.. And when we arrived they are not busy at all..
Had to give this place a try the prices were on the expensive side but i guess since it's sushi and other food i guess that's Vegas for you lol. Although i didnt get sushi. I ended up getting the bento box 3 which was one choice of chicken , rice, spam and fried noodles which all portions were just right for me. Although everything else is pricey i would indulge in this place again. Oh and the bonus as i was checking in on this place with yelp on my iphone a coupon popped up for here for 15% of entire bill so i asked and showed the coupon to the waiter and he said yes he'll take 15% off sweet I love Yelp!!
My first time eating Hawaiian food, and I loved it!  It also happened to be my first time trying meatloaf, which they serve loco moco style.  The gravy was honestly better than the meatloaf though. My boyfriend said it was so-so compared to some he's had.   

Keeping with the firsts, I also tried spam for the first time, after diligently avoiding it for 20-some years. I ordered a Spam Musubi and I've gotta say, it was pretty simple and delicious.  

We also shared a couple sushi rolls, which didn't disappoint. They have some very creative options.  

The sashimi with cream sauce was way too sauce heavy, but the sashimi itself was good. I'd order it plain next time. 

We had a tough time figuring out who our actual waitress was, as someone different seemed to come to our table every time, but the service was very good.  I could have done without the hostess who kept coming back, and who lingered a bit too long, with her back to me, flirting a bit too much with my bf, but she was pleasant enough I guess, haha. 

They have a huge menu and I'd definitely love to go back next time I'm in Vegas and try some different things!
Stayed in the hotel for a golf tournament.  The food and service at Island sushi was very good.  The staff was extremely nice.  The variety of poke was excellent.  Can't wait to bring my wife and daughters to this place.
This place isn't bad. Food is not bad. Took my gf here and she likes the bento boxes. I tried the oxtail soup here and it was ok. The malasadas took me straight into a sugar coma, it was good. Sushi was ok. Service was good, everyone is friendly and the servers are quick. Happy hour menu has some pretty good selections.
I took my parents here in January 2012, when they visted from Hawaii. I missed my Hawaiian food and was told to try this place. The staff was great especially P.K.. I think we crossed paths back in Honolulu at UH?!?!?!

Anyways, I had to have sushi and poke. I was so lucky to have P.K. He brought out a malasada to try. ONO!

I asked to meet the manager. I think they were scared that something may have happened. I spoked to Daniel Toves for awhile. He invited me back in for Happy Hour and to bring my LEO friends in next time.

I too noticed the chemical smell, but it did not overwhelm the Kalbi or Won Ton Min that I shared.

Next time, ship home some Malasadas. Daniel ships in the dough from Hawaii.
My husband and I went for lunch and we were not disappointed.  We don't usually go downtown but we went just to eat at Island Sushi.  The service was super friendly and helpful and the food was good, reasonably priced and the portions were a generous.  Plus you get a coupon for checking in on YELP.  I would say it is worth the trip!
I have been going to the Eastern location for months now. I have fallen in love with their garlic chicken, customer service, and customization. 

I started ordering for pick-up at this location and the menu is a bit different. The cook(s) seem to cook the garlic chicken to more of a crisp. The sushi is more fresh along with the sashimi you can buy on the side which is priced per pound! I always end up getting a bento box with garlic chicken and a tuna sashimi.

Yes, I am indeed a regular at both locations and the employees know me. Yes, I would recommend this place. You can be damn sure to find me here and the Eastern location picking food up!
Awesome experience!  I went with my coworker, and we were beyond pleased with everything!  Nice ambiance, and wonderfully helpful staff!  

I had the crunchy roll, tuna mango passion roll and the hand rolled california roll.  My coworker Uliana had a bento box and we each had malassadas afterward.  All of it was fantastic, and super filling!

My phone being stupid (not Iphone or smart), would not let me access the page, but I let them know I checked in on FB and would be writing this review, and they were cool enough to honor it!

Not only did we get 15% off, but since I went for my monthly sushi craving, we got 50% off on the cut rolls for being locals! *****SUPER VALUABLE LOCAL TIP!!!!  JUST CHECK THE TIME FRAMES FOR VALIDITY AND STIPULATIONS****  50+ dollar bill cut down to 37 plus tip!!!  

Island Sushi, you have some new friends and we will be letting everyone in the downtown area asking us about some awesome places to eat know your nearby location!  Thank you for everything!!!
I usually go to the SE location.  But now that this one is so close to me work I am here at least twice a week.  Love the Poke express
The food was fresh and deeeeelicious! There will most def be a stop here everytime I come to Vegas (:
Awesome "Eggplant Fries" with a Red Miso Sauce "To Die For"

We stopped in at Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill for happy hour and enjoyed some wonderful, creative food and great service (that was very attentive but not cloying).

For happy hour, drinks are two for the price of one, and they allowed us to order one set of drinks at a time (vs other places that make each person order two drinks at a time).  We started with a round of lychee martini's, which were delicious, smooth and garnished with whole lychees.

The happy hour sushi offerings were half rolls for half price.  We got four half rolls (spicy tuna roll, Island roll, tuna & mango passion roll, and a tiger roll).  We really loved the tuna & mango passion roll, which was extremely original and very tasty.

But what really set the meal apart were the "eggplant fries" with a house-made spicy red miso sauce.  These were perfectly done... not greasy at all, perfectly salted, creamy on the inside, crunchy on the outside, and the sauce was unique, spicy and delicious.    

We're looking forward to going back (and to trying their location on Eastern as well).
The only reason for a four star is because I haven't tried everything on the menu yet. This is a great place with awesome Malasadas here better than Leonards. I had the meat loaf loco moco and it was awesome. The sushi is good also..
Plaza Las Vegas, holler! Things are looking up with the remodel, and Island Sushi is no exception. We arrived just after 9pm, which qualified us for late happy hour prices, even better!

Lychee Martini - HH BOGO, so $5 each, great.

Island Special Roll - Spicy soft shell crab, spicy tuna, eel sauce & spicy aioli. It was half-off for four pieces, but they threw a second (accidentally made) order our way for free. Sweet! 

Bento A - Garlic Ahi, Spam, Teriyaki Chicken over rice and noodles. The waitress steered us toward the teriyaki chicken, their only non-breaded option with this bento, and it was great, not "teriyaki sweet" at all. The bento + sushi actually ended up being too much food, and we really wasted a lot, unfortunately, but it all tasted very good. I'd probably split the bento for two and order the Island Special and try the poke next time.

Consequently, no room for malasadas, but we'll definitely be back for them!
Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill in the Plaza had become a surefire bet for me over the last few months, especially when I found myself downtown, hungry because I waited too long to get something to eat, and turning into a veritable raging monster, wandering around moody and lightheaded, and just as aimless and indecisive as to what my next meal should be.

I would pop in here for lunch, sit at the sushi bar, and could pick from almost any of their specialty rolls to achieve serenity and balance. And even more so if those picks included the Candy Cane (spicy soft shell crab with tuna hamachi) or the Lava Lover (spicy tuna, Cajun tuna and chili paste, served with a spicy garlic ponzu sauce).

And if I happened to amble in a bit later, I could satisfy the raging hunger monster inside me with some Spam Musubi: a grilled portion of spam wrapped in sushi rice and nori, and seasoned with Furikake (a Japanese condiment made with dried and ground fish and sesame); I never imagined I would ever love love love something made with Spam, but Island Sushi had made me a convert.

And then tragedy struck.

Sometime between my last two visits, the restaurant had decided to give diners the options of eating a la carte, or paying a fixed price for lunch and $dinner, and ordering off their all-you-can-eat menu.

On the upside, the menu lets you sample not only their many sushi rolls, but smaller side dishes like their garlic chicken, chicken katsu, and garlic soy edamame that are served tapas style. I was pleased to discover these items on this new menu and really appreciated the crispiness of the katsu chicken. It was the best thing I had that day.

On the downside the sushi that came off of this menu was unappetizing and the chicken katsu was the best thing I had that day.

While the Island Special (soft shell crab, spicy tuna, eel sauce and a spicy aioli) was just fine, and the Crunch Roll was okay but not as good as I remembered it, the seafood "filling" in Pauhana roll we sampled had the mouth feel of glutinous mashed potatoes and was quickly ejected into our napkins as it could not be swallowed. There was also a spam-based roll we sampled (that I was originally looking forward to given my newfound respect for that mysterious spiced ham) but this disgusting, inedible curio barely made it past our lips; I wish I could remember this specific roll's name, but I have skillfully managed to block it from my memory and only years of unmitigated regression therapy can now set it free.

What happened? Did I just visit on an off day or did the all-you-can eat menu change the way these previously delicious dishes were prepared? Is quality being compromised so the restaurant can afford to offer an all you can-eat menu? 

Or am I only imagining that the quality has gone down in some way and I am blind to a potential bargain that's being offered? Has the new all-you-can-eat menu jaded me in some way? I would have gladly paid $35 to $40 per person for an a la carte lunch here in the past, but the value for the money this time, even with an all-you-can-eat structure, was just not there. 

All questions and doubt aside, our experience with the sushi on the all-you-can eat menu was a disappointing one. So much so that I do not think I'll be returning. Instead of turning me on to something novel and amazing with their new menu, and taking a convert on new journey of sushi enlightenment, they have ruined the memory of some of my old favorites, so I'm getting off this island.

The new menu also added to my displeasure. It's filled with rules and restrictions, such as when certain items can be ordered, and if you don't eat all the sushi you order or eat every grain of rice that comes with it, there will be hell to pay and you that you will be fined a surcharge. While I get the need for this, as some people do go overboard and order too much, and this puts a toll on the sushi chefs, it also cheapens the dining experience a bit and makes things feel somewhat contemptible right from the get go. When I'm hungry and moody I do not want to sit through a stern, five-minute lecture of rules that feels like the opening scene from Gremlins.

Meanwhile, every other table was promoting an avaricious eating contest that also seemed to be a new, disconcerting addition since my last visit here. The Loco Moco Challenge! Stuff a three-pound beef patty, six scoops of rice, a scoop of macaroni salad, 12 ounces of gravy and a malassada in your gullet in 45 minutes and it's free! Or pay $39.95 and wear some shame along with a free neon pink t-shirt that tells everyone you're "a loser" for failing to do so. Do they have to eat every grain of rice, too? Classy.

I now have no favorite place to go to when I am downtown and hungry, and I am clearly not a fan of the many changes that have occurred here since my last visit, which make me angry. And you wouldn't like me when I'm hungry and angry.
This restaurant is okay. It's located in the Plaza Hotel in Downtown Vegas. There's better sushi places in Vegas, but if you're stuck in Downtown then this place isn't too bad. However, if you're craving local food, I'd suggest you go to Aloha Specialties in the Cal instead.

We ordered tons of food here and we still had leftovers. Also, I don't think their happy hour was worth it. The portions are extremely small and the price isn't that much cheaper than the non-happy hour price. 

**Be sure to ask the front desk if they have any coupons for this restaurant. They usually give out 20% off coupons.
This was my first time at Island Sushi and my first time checking out the newly remodeled Plaza. Things are definitely looking good!

My mom and I had lunch here today and it wasn't bad at all. This is definitely the only option for legitimate sushi in the downtown area and although it is overpriced (minus one star), the service is great and the fish was fresh and delicious. 

We sat at the sushi bar ordered garlic edamame, which was steamed and tasted great. We decided to order a bunch of sashimi because I don't like to eat heavy lunches. We ordered about 18 pieces between us - super white tuna, yellowtail and tuna with spicy white sauce. All of the sashimi was VERY FRESH and prepared perfectly. The pieces were generously cut too, which I appreciate since I think the prices were a little more than what I'm used to. 

Overall, if you're in the downtown area and want a quick sushi lunch - valet at Plaza and sit down at the sushi bar. It doesn't seem to ever get too crowded during lunch time, so take advantage! :)
The Ahi Poke was delicious! It was a lil salty but I didn't mind it. Just eat it with rice and you're good to go! 

I also had the Grilled Mackerel and that was also quite scrumptious. Their macaroni salad was amazing... so much better than L&L's. Definitely come here if you want some inexpensive but wonderfully flavored poke bowls!
we stayed at the Plaza Hotel downtown and found this wonderful Japanese restaurant inside. We met the owner, who was very nice and welcoming at the door. Inside, the staff made us feel very comfortable and they were very attentive throughout our visit.

We decided to go with the "all you can eat" option and were so glad we did. The sushi chef helped us by recommending some items and boy were they all so delicious such as the crunch roll and so on. We were also able to order appetizers along with ramen. So far, they have one of the best udon sobas I have ever tired. Almost everything that I tried was tasty and filled my pallette with enjoyable flavors. I can't wait to go back again!
I don't like sushi very much, but my boyfriend does. So, this place was great for us. He could enjoy his All You Can Eat Sushi while I was able to have something else. The food was fresh and we didn't wait long at all. It was a full house and the staff was super friendly and attentive the whole time. We will definitely be returning in the future!
I still can't believe I left Hawaii to vacation in Vegas and ended up eating here... this is what happens when you let someone else choose dinner!  

I have to say I was pleasantly surprised - the food was good, portions were enormous and they had a great band playing local music that Friday night.  

We had one real local Kauai braddah as our waiter, it started off like "Hi how are you all doing tonight?" and once he figured out we were from Hawaii - "Eh! Wot you like drink sista? We got da mean poke!" heheheh.  I think he gave us a discount but who the heck knows, they might give it to everyone but try asking for the kama'aina special price :P

I really liked their bento box options, a variety for a sweet price - all of the bento boxes come with furikake rice, fried noodles, spam and choice of teri, mochiko or garlic chicken. I chose the mini for 6.75 and it was plenty along with eating off of everyone else's plates (my sister's kalua pig omelet was pretty tasty!)

If for whatever reason you're craving a taste of home while on the ninth isle, it's worth a stop.
Garlic chicken was very tasty.  Spam was old and dry. It was close to 10:00pm so that may be why.  They had reasonable late night specials.  I would definitely get the garlic chicken again and try the spam musubi again at a decent time but if it is old then they lose a star.
Place is a little hidden. It's in the casino, around the corner from the main entrance. Came here with my mom and her friends on vacation, and I would definitely go back. Waiter was friendly and accommodating. He saw us taking pictures of each other and came over to offer to take a group picture for all of us. He recommended the teishoku, too. It's the best value with miso soup, a few pieces of California roll, side veggies and soybeans, rice, whatever main dish(es) you choose, and even dessert! Mom and I were the only ones with dessert, since everyone else got bentos instead of teishoku, so he was nice and got the others mini dishes of bread pudding, because "it's no fun if only one person has dessert." I gotta say, that bread pudding was da bomb.
Goodness me~ How did I forget to review this place? First off, food is ah-mah-ZING! I love how it's sushi and hawaiian at the same time! I cannot fathom how the two would combine so well with eachother. This place is literally a HIDDEN GEM! Way better than the "fast food" L&L! I love their bento boxes. No matter what you order, IT WILL BE ORGASMIC! haha I think I was on some kind of HAPPY PILL...come on....it's VEGAS, you're drinking and eating at the SAME time~
Cooking is sloppy. Hamburger steak is frozen hamburger patties reshaped into homemade burgers. Sushi is frozen fish thawed daily. Eggplant dishes are oily. Staff is friendly. Atmosphere is relaxing. More value going to a buffet. Try it for yourself, its the only way to make up your mind.
I made  reservation here for 11:30. Parking was tough though.

I had the Salmon lovers roll and the Spam Musubi. the Salmon lovers roll was pretty awesome and the Spam Musubi was really good. The location and the prices is what really got me to come here. My friend had Udon and he said it was good but it didn't have as many toppings as other places. However, this might be good for people getting over a hangover! Can't wait to try some of the other dishes!
Legit local hawaiian food in DT Vegas by the Fremont strip. They give huge portions and is of better quality than at the Cal. 

malasadas are freshly made and can be had with haupia, custard or chocolate
portugese sausage and eggs
tonkatsu plate-- big pieces of pork, served with Mac salad and rice

Definitely would recommend for a quick and delicious Hawaiian meal, different from the Cal
this place is amazing! the sushi is really good and i had the kimchi fried rice which was amazing :) can't wait to go again
This place was awful.  Service was mediocre and the sushi was not fresh.  It was served room temperature and looked old and discolored.  Definitely not fresh.  It was inedible.  When we commented that the fish was not fresh they apologized and gave us some hawaiian donuts for free.  We still paid full price for food that we didn't eat.  Definitely will not be going back....don't want to risk getting sick for eating old fish.
Our group ate at this place over several days because it was in the hotel at which we were staying. We had mixed experiences.

Our first experience was very good. Five of us went for breakfast, but two of us wanted items from the lunch menu. The cooks kindly granted the requests. The teriyaki chicken was excellent! The cooked-on-the-fire flavor combined with the teriyaki sauce to make a perfect chicken dish. The garlic chicken was very good, as well. At that time, one of the waiters boasted about the oxtail soup on the menu. We said that we would be back to try it.

On our next visit, I ordered the saba. It was delicious! The skin was cooked until crispy, and the meat was moist, not dry. Someone ordered hamachi with rice. Unfortunately, a strand of hair was found amongst the beni shoga. When brought to the waiter's attention, he showed the proper amount of shock and dismay, and he quickly replaced the order.

Six of us went for dinner the next day, and three people ordered the all-you-can-eat sushi. What a deal! Our waitress returned to our table, frequently, to take the sushi orders. The sushi was a bit slow in being made and delivered to our table. The sushi was good. The nigiri portions were perfect: not too much rice to fill you up. 

I ordered the oxtail soup and eggplant fries with spicy sauce. The eggplant and sauce were awesome! The eggplant was perfectly cooked; the batter was tempura-crunchy and the eggplant was not mushy. When eaten with rice, it became a meal. The oxtail, unfortunately, didn't live up to the waiter's boasting. The oxtail was flavorless, dry and undercooked. I had a difficult time prying the meat off the bone. When I asked the waitress if the oxtail was always this tough, she said that she didn't know, since she had never eaten it. I was asked if I would like another order of oxtail soup, and if I could wait a few minutes for it to be cooked more. Come on! We all know that oxtail takes hours to cook until the meat falls of the bone. The oxtail soup was taken back, and it was taken off the bill. It was too bad because the soup was good. There were no peanuts, but there was won bok  and the soup wasn't salty. Later, it occurred to me that the oxtail had been microwaved. It would explain why the meat was dry and flavorless. It would also explain the comment about "waiting a few minutes," while it is cooked some more.

One person ordered the teishoku. It came with miso soup, edamame, salad, and dessert. When dessert was offered to that person, another in our party realized that she hadn't been offered dessert with the teishoku the day before. We brought it to the waitress' attention, but she ignored it and continued to talk.

We scrutinized the bill, when it was delivered to the table. We were charged for a Corona, which no one had ordered, and we noticed that we were charged 18% gratuity. We talked about the fact that there were no signs posted, nor was it listed on the menus that an 18% gratuity would be added to the bill. Neither were we told, when were seated, or when the waitress presented the bill. The Corona was removed for the bill, and we decided to let the tip matter go.

Our next, and final, visit included six of us, again. Again, we noticed the 18% gratuity charge. We spoke to the manager, and she offered to show us the disclosure about charging 18% gratuity for parties of 6 or more. We pointed out that it wasn't posted in the front, it wasn't listed on the menu or nor was it on the bill. She stood there and acknowledged what we were saying. We paid the gratuity, but we asked that the policy be disclosed in one form or another.

Overall, the staff was pleasant, the portions were generous, and most of the food was very good. Hopefully, the missteps can be worked out, as the food is good enough to keep people going back.
Just Yummy!
Absolutely love this place happy hour all day Mon-Wed  and daily 3-5pm, which means half off all sushi! Can't get better then that. I often walk out of this place spending less than $12.00. Great food + great prices= 5 stars!
Downtown caters to Hawaii visitors, and this restaurant is no exception. When we went for the first time (well, my cousin and his girlfriend had been here before), there was a UH vs. Reno Nevada game on the TV's and live Hawaiian music.

The portions are ridiculously huge, and my cousin's girlfriend took pictures of them. Even the won tun min was huge! But oh so good. And don't get me started on the bread pudding. And the chocolate cake. (Okay, that was normal size, but really tasty).

I felt like I was back home amidst the casino and bright lights of the California Hotel. It's legit Hawaiian/local food. We all really enjoyed it and I wouldn't mind going back. Someone mentioned malasadas...so I must try that!
Dam good Sushi here.  Scallop roll was the bomb.  Me and the wife faught over every last bite.  The service was fast and fiendly with good portion sizes.  I also notice that the menu prices are about as good as anywhere with plenty of specials and lots of variety.
I am a super fan of Island Sushi. Have been ever ince they opened and john Curtas came here and tried their ahi tuna bowl. Omg it is so good! My review is really only for tha item. I've tried a couple of their rolls, which were ok, but the bowls are a great deal!

I alwas order the ahi and avocado bowl. It is super delish, served very generously. The perfection lies in its simplicity, just rice, tuna, cucumber and onion. My friends usually sprinkle furikake or soy sauce over it but I eat it as is. When they first opened the bowl cost like 8-9 dlls. Now it's market price, which is like a couple dollars more but totally worth it. My friends are super fans of the spicy tuna bowl as well, but I find the sauce unnecessary.

Despite the fact that I come in once a month, the waiters never seem to recognize me. But they always serve me fast and are very friendly, so no biggie.

Bonus, each time you check in on Yelp you get 15% off your bill. Each time!
Drunk or sober, their food is amazing. The atmosphere is casual, and of course, Hawaiian. We went on a Friday night when they had live music. Awesome! They have an extensive menu for both sushi lovers & sushi rookies. Locals, did you know you get half off sushi rolls?! Sweet! We got a bottle of wine for our table for under $8. Talk about cheap. I highly reccomend the Salmon Lovers roll, the Island Special, & the Makaha Roll. This was a great experience. Great service. Great soul food. Fun Hawaiian music.
This was my first visit here. Having heard about it, I had wanted to try the place out for some time now. Here's the scenario:

We arrived at the parking garage and stopped at the parking attendant booth, where we had to pay the $5.00 parking fee (refundable in full if validated in the hotel). Went inside the hotel and found Island Sushi & Hawaiian Grill. I noted their sign at the entrance of the restaurant informed potential customers that an 18% gratuity would automatically be added to the bill for a party of 6 or more. I thought that "six" was quite a small party for an 18% gratuity, but oh well. Luckily for us, we were a party of two.

I ordered the Hawaiian Breakfast which came with a scoop of sticky rice (this was very good), Hawaiian sweet bread (just OK), kalua pig (dry, hard, and needed salt), 2 eggs (I ordered "easy over"), and lomi tomato (never heard of lomi tomato, so I asked our waiter about the salmon in the lomi tomato. He confirmed that it's only tomato...no salmon). Hubby ordered fried saimin (which was very tasty).

In a reasonable amount of time, our orders arrived (pictures posted) and I quickly noticed that my over-easy eggs were much too well done...overly fried. The kalua pig needed salt but it was edible. Some parts of the kalua pig were tender, but mostly the pig was hard and tough. You need to have strong jaws to finish all the pork on your plate! The lomi tomato was good, considering there was no salmon in this dish. Sticky rice very good. I tried my best to eat the rubbery eggs but I had to ask for another set of over-easy eggs. When the 2nd set of eggs came, it was barely different from the first set. The 2nd set of eggs were again equally burned on the bottom, but at least now the yolks were soft and liquidy. I guess their chef only knows how to cremate eggs instead of gently frying them under low heat. Amazing.

Oh and by the way, I didn't know it but if you Check In with Yelp while you're at the restaurant, they will give you a 15% discount. No one told me about this discount. I was pleasantly surprised when I did a Check-In on Yelp while waiting for our food to arrive.

After our meal we did go over to the Cashier and got our $5.00 parking fee refunded.

OK so I've been here, done that.

P.S. - Our bill amounted to $17.36 which included the 15% discount from Yelp. I gave them a $20.00 bill and another food server came back with my change of $17.00. Quite astonishing, when I expected to receive $2.00 and some change. I called her over to our table and explained the erroneous change I received. She went back to the cashier, this time returning with the correct change, and she thanked me.
I had a lot of expectations coming and since the pricing was comparable to that in LA.  However, aside from the friendly service and convenient location,  the fish tasted like that out of a convenience store.  Presentation was great and the rolls were good too.  But the nigiri wasn't anything that I wrote home about.
I really like this place. Was staying in the Plaza Hotel and discovered Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill. Since I lived for a year on Oahu the Hawaiian part caught my interest, but would it be good? I've been to places that claimed to be Hawaiian before and have been disappointed. Not the case with this place. Hawaiians work here. Always a good sign if you're going to eat authentic food from any region to have folks from that region working there. On my first visit I tried a Poke' bowl with avocado. It was very good. I think the Poke' I had in Hawaii was better, but this wasn't bad and certainly the best I've had outside the islands. On my second visit I had the Kalua Pig and cabbage. This is a true test as most say they make Kalua Pig and fail. The Pig here was good and tasted the most like the Hawaiian version I've had since I left Hawaii. Went back for a third visit and had the Poke' bowl again, good again. Same for the fourth visit. Another test is the POG juice, Pass-O-Guava that is, and in Hawaii they have two brands, Hawaiian Sun and Aloha Maid. The first is the good stuff and the second not so much, but cheaper, so when I asked which brand and they said Hawaiian Sun I knew they cared about quality and authenticity at this establishment. Would I go back? Heck, I went back three more times after the first visit and it wasn't just because I was staying at the Plaza. I had my car with me. I could have gone anywhere. Yet I went here. What does that tell you?

PS: They have all you can eat sushi for $29.99 at lunch and $34.99 at dinner. Plus they have the Moco Loco challenge if you dare to try. Better be hungry though as only two have made the goal on that one.
I didn't care much for this place. We didn't have a good experience with the service, they were really slow and far from busy. I think we saw our waitress twice out of the entire night. When we are gonna go out and pay several hundred dollars for a good meal we kinda expect good service also. Plus their rules were stupid. I understand they want to make a buck and I understand the concept of not wasting food but it was really a rip off place. 

If I could've charged them as strictly as they were on us, (for their lack of service and food order mistakes), I would've walked out with money in my pocket from them.

I definitely won't be recommending this place any time soon.
So I went here thinking it was the same as the Island Sushi on Eastern, and it's not. Yes, they do make hawaiian specialties like malasadas and coco puffs, and chantilly cake. Asked the waitress if the malasadas are like Leonard's bakery and she said, she didn't know who that was. Oh... no (not the good ono). I tried the malasadas and coco puffs. Not good. Malasadas were dense, doughy, and okay. Maybe I've been spoiled by the good stuff. The coco puffs were not good either. Okay, the chocolate pudding was fine, but the puff was hardened and soggy by sitting in the refrigerator a long time and the pudding soaked in on the bottom. The macadamia nut frosting was just frosting, not much mac nut taste at all, and it was frikkin too sweet. I'm afraid to try the chantilly cake. Although with Misti Y's info about rolls being 50% off, I might try some when I hang out for the local music.
I have to say, me and my husband were having high expectations of this place. As soon as we were seated, I ordered a miso soup and my husband ordered a sushi sake. We decided to order our appetizers right away so we could save time and start eating since we were starving. We waited over 20 MINUTES to get the soup and then another 10 minutes to get the sushi. When I asked the waitress about the delay she said that we had over 50 orders ahead of us and that she was sorry that nobody warned us. Funny thing, though, was that the people seated in front of us ordered food about 3 times and they were served in a timely manner. The food wasnt even that good. I've had better miso soup for a lot less and the deep fried california roll was mushy. I would NOT recommend this place. Save your money and go somewhere else.
I just want to say that I was not really wanting to come here because I absolutely hate the Plaza with a passion. But my friend wanted to Sushi and it was close. We got seated fast, only 3 tables being served. It was after 9 pm and wasn't busy at all. I would hate to see it slammed. We ordered hot tea which was simple and good. Next off, we put in an order for seaweed salad and cucumber salad which was also pretty flavorful and good. We put in an order for the philly roll and 007 which was to die for. Melt in your mouth good. the flavors really came together. Than we waited at least 15 min to order another roll. NOone came to check on us. We ordered waters (which she forgot) and than brought us one and set it down in the middle , really??????than we waited another few minutes to finally order the mango salmon roll which I would say was mediocre and flavorless.  We than ordered mochi.....hello?? it is already made so than why did it take 20 min for it to come out. I had to get up and ask about it and also for the check. I am sorry but when you have 4 employees on the floor doing nothing why should I get up for the check and have to ask about my food???? Not ok. I will not be coming back here. TOo overpriced for me.

I will say  I did have a %15 off from YELP and showed it to her, but she came back with a %50 off check and we only paid 15 a piece after all was said and done. So at least with the shitty service we did get a huge discount. Probably was a mistake but one that I am ok with.
Ordered AYCE for dinner.

Sushi quality is average. Not horrible, but not exactly memorable except for the deep fried Philly. The rolls and nigiri seemed to be warm once served which is disappointing and makes them less appetizing.

For $35, I'd rather splurge on buffet at the M or Wicked Spoon but we didn't think it would cost that much.

They do earn 1 star for the dessert offered in the AYCE list. The malassada sundae and mini creme brulee were pretty yummy (even though they were small)

And another star for the variety of rolls, appetizers, and fried goods... 

Wish they offered more poke options for the AYCE as well as mini samples of the don buri bowls & loco moco. I was craving both of these and wanted to ordered them instead of AYCE, but my sweet tooth got the best of me (bad decision).

And yes.... service is a bit slow
Well above average.
My family and I love this place! Their Makaha Roll was onolicious. The uni was fresh and the malasadas reminded me of home. I wouldn't order the Mac salad or pulehu steak though. The service was 5 stars and we got an awesome discount. The best deal in the state is their all you can eat dinner for $35. I tried almost the entire menu!
The sushi is fresh and its very good.   Recommend the Island Special Roll.
Went here for the first time last week.  Didn't have time for the AYCE sushi, so we stuck with ordering the Local food.  We ordered the Garlic Chicken which was very flavorful and delicious.  My son ordered the Loco Moco and he said that was really good too.  We shared a Hawaiian Roll and liked that a lot too.  Ordered 6 chocolate filled Malasadas to go, which we ate a bit later.  They weren't as good as Leonard's, but very tasty nonetheless.  My disappointment is with their mac salad, which I thought was rather blah.  Service was excellent so I'll return upon my next visit to Vegas.
Great variety of rolls and sashimi. Love the poke! Warren the bartender is quick and keeps your glass full. Also very knowledgable regarding the menu. The restaurant had a nice ambiance and the music was fitting. At night they had a wonderful hawaiin singer with a guitar and keyboard setup, brought me back to the islands. I will definitely be swinging in there again soon. If you are in the area its worth stopping in, even if to grab only a roll or two =)
When I was downtown I was looking to have a light lunch. I turned to Yelp and this place peeked my curiosity. I was a little hesitant as it was located inside of the cheesy Plaza Hotel and on the casino floor.

Thank goodness I trusted my instincts (Yelp has not failed me yet). I sat at the sushi bar and started chatting with sushi chef, Yosh (the hostess called him Aaron??). What a pleasant experience. He's from Hawaii and he knows his stuff. The sushi was fresh, the service was efficient and the prices are excellent! You even get 15% of your entire bill when you check in on yelp. And their happy hour prices led me to try some sake (it was friday so why not?!?)

I will definitely go back. For the food and definitely for Yosh! And apparently locals get an even better deal. I better stop being lazy and get that damn Nevada ID!
It is "Island" sushi. True to its name, this is not traditional Japanese. This is not Nobu. Go to Nobu if you want Nobu. And the "Hawaiian Grill" is last but not least. They have a huge menu of goodies for locals visiting the mainland, or just locals. Here are the highlights:

-Island Special roll
-Eggplant fries, genius!
-Spam in stuff
-Live music Saturday nights, a local guy from Makaka, Babalicious
-They DELIVER downtown! Get your order in by 8PM.
-If you're dining in, 1/2 off for locals at certain hours, even on weekends

It feels like a community place. Casual. Calm. Comfortable. The interior is nothing fancy but large groups can sit together and pull up more chairs. Great for families, kickball teams, high school bands, etc. No trouble.

Island Sushi, thank you! I also have one small request--can we remove all the signs by the entrance? Walk through the front door and look around and ask yourself--do we have too much crap hung up? Yes, we do. Just take it down. Let's make it nice, okay? Nobody read signs anyway.

Thank you for providing the live, local music.
Can't come to Las Vegas without a meal at the Island Sushi and Grill in the Plaza Hotel. Usually we stop for dinner, but we had dinner here the other night...doesn't matter the time of day, the food is always ONO! Had the pork with gravy....yummy!
If you haven't tried this place, gotta stop here! And on the drive home, pick up their warm malasadas for home!
What a great addition to downtown! The service here is excellent and the food is also excellent. I love their chicken terriaki bowl. Also chef's choice poke was very good, saimen, and sushi were all delicious. It's casual and very clean. We will be back again and again. Don't expect sushi roku, think family Hawaiian fare prepared well in a relaxed atmosphere.
Decided to give this place a  try from reading pretty good reviews about this place from here on Yelp...and I am so glad that I did!

Parking - parked in the parking garage. Had to pay $5 but if you eat at any of the restaraunts or play at the slot machines they reimburst your 5 bucks back!

Came here on a Monday evening for thee boyfriend's 25th birthday and it wasn't too busy except for a large party and a few other couples so we were greeted and seated quickly. The hostess and our waitress were so sweet and friendly. We got our drink orders right away...BF-Sierra Mist and I-Hawaiian Sun Passion Orange.

Onto the food! One word...ONO!!! Right from the start! We started off with some Pupus (appetizers). We tried the Eggplant Fries with Spicy Miso Sauce, which were so yummy!! I wasn't a big fan of the Spicy Miso Sauce unfotunately, though. My boyfriend & I kept saying it would've been better paired with a brown sauce instead. We also ordered one Spam Musubi, which was different b/c instead of the normal spam musubi brown sauce they put furikake seasoning, but I personally liked it that way. For entrees, my BF got a Saimin bowl and the Pork Tonkaysu with Curry and I ordered a Bento Box C with a choice between Garlic, Teriyaki or Mochiko Chicken. I tried the Garlic Chicken since that's what I mostly read great reviews about. All Bento Boxes comes with furikake rice, fried noodles, spam and takuwan. Garlic Chicken = DELICIOUS!!! Sooo good!! I didn't try my BF's Saimin or Pork Curry but he finished them both and said they were really good. Then of course we had to have dessert since it was my BF's birthday! We couldn't decide between a couple malassadas or the fried tempura ice cream. Decisions, decisions, decisions! We agreed on the fried tempura ice cream, which again I am so glad that we did. Lol. DELICIOUS!! My BF called it the best dessert he has ever had! Only complaint is that for $6, they only give two small scoops!

Prices are a little high - for the two of us the total was $50 but it was totally worth it! & I kicked myself for forgetting to Check-In on Yelp for 15% off!! I've also read that they give 1/2 off for locals so I forgot to ask about that too! *face palm* 

Loved this place, the staff, food, service and atmosphere! We will definitely be coming back here to try other ONO dishes and introduce this place to my ohana!
da bomb
love this reminds me of home in Honolulu!!! malasada! garlic shrimp! kalua pig, all you can want and more!! i always come here when i was old las Vegas it located in the casino across from the California and it will broke da mouth!
Stopped in for lunch, had a California role and a salmon lovers. I thought both where very good, the fish was fresh. Restaurant was very clean, the service was a little slow but nothing bad. Plus locales get 1/2 OFF all sushi roles! :)
Let me first off say that the service by PK was awesome.  The food was made and delivered a lot faster than I was expecting. I really had nothing to do so i was looking to kill some time while I ate but they were quick and not in the rushed manner.  I didn't have the appetite to go for the all you can eat sushi so I just elected for a spicy yellowfin roll and a garlic chicken bowl.  The food was really delicious.  I also can't recommend the Hawaiian Sun drinks.  I had two flavors and would like to try them all.  Overall great experience and have them on my list to come back to. I want to give their all you can eat a shot when my appetite is ready
seriously overrated! only thing good was customer service
Just stumbled on this place while on Fremont, good luck we found it! Sushi and service was good but the included apps were exceptional, garlic chicken, ribs and some mystery meat on a stick. AYCE was a good deal. If your downtown I recommend this place.
Fast and friendly service with good music. The malasada sunday was delicious! For drinks make sure you go for happy hour.
wasnt sure what to expect from this place being that it was in the Plaza hotel, but food was good, i had a poke bowl and the wife tried the seared ahi plate and both were very good. Still when it comes to poke, their sister location Poke Express up on Craig rd, is the place to go
We were hotel guests from Sunday to Thursday, we trusted the yelp reviews on this one...... and our first visit was so great we went back the next night for dinner again!   

Friendly staff, great table service, food prepared so quickly that the tempura was still warm inside our sushi roll.  Excellence! 

Go now!  Would highly recommend.
my girl loved the Garlic chicken plate. rice was a bit hard, maybe old? Aaight mac salad.  i had the Pepper salmon, Crunch roll, & House poke.  i really enjoyed it.  Wanted fresh malasadas, got microwaved old malasadas that was sitting under heat lamp. It would have been better fresh.
Sushi and other food here just doesn't do it for me.  Sushi was all mushy, i didnt even want to finish it.  Corn beef hash was all mushy as well.  Maybe if you had no teeth, this would be a great spot to eat.

The best thing they have to offer is the bomb diggity malasads and green tea lychee hawaiin sun.  THEY ARE AMAAAAAZZZING!!!
Island food was ono
This used to be a hidden gem at the Plaza on the end of Fremont Street.  Has turned into a train wreck.  What once was a bustling restaurant, with capable wait staff, has turned into something that is beyond description.  No longer do waitresses serve you but you must go up to the counter and order.  Gone are the waitresses and experienced sushi chefs, gone are the specialty fish that used to be for sale.  Glass cases are empty, non-asian sushi chefs are behind the sushi bar, and it was deserted.  I hope the new management is happy.  We used to go AT LEAST once a month, and always took our visitors there - but no longer.  Our group of 5 walked in on July 5th, saw the changes and left.  Congrats to the management for taking a wonderful place and killing it.
Had a hard time finding this place.  It's in the Plaza Hotel.  Really friendly service.  Got the Hawaiian Mix plate.  Meat was a bit on the salty side.  Next to Hash House-A-Go-Go, so I'd probably chose that over Island Sushi.
We used to love this place but inexplicably they have eliminated waiters and turned it into a take out spot. It's one of the Most bizarre setups I have ever experienced. People are walking all over the place so you can't really relax, no bartender anymore, extremely understaffed. We will most likely never return.

I saw the Slots turned off,, so maybe lost the gaming license?
We catered our reunion from Island Sushi and it worked out PERFECT!
The Reunion was at the CAL so the location was so convenient for us.
I worked with Brittany Ignacio for about a week and she helped to create a menu that really worked for us! Everyone raved about the freshness of the nigiri sushi and the poke! I thought the Kal-bi was so tasty and tender! I didn't care for the mochiko chicken and should have stuck with their popular garlic chicken but everyone else thought it was good! If you re looking to cater some local grinds and you are in the downtown area check out Island Sushi at the Plaza!

winnah winnah chicken dinnah (shaking my shaka in the air)
Malasadas, half price sushi, and attentive customer service. We loved it so much we came here twice on our trip!
Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill has the best Hawaiian food on the mainland.  It is totally delicious and reasonably priced.  Half off sushi rolls?!  Hello!  They're practically paying me to eat.  (And if I get enough comps from the Plaza, they ARE paying me to eat!)  

I am a sucker for chicken katsu.  And, the sauce can make it or break it.  It is amazing here.  The katsu is a deliciously fried indulgence.  The chicken is tender and crispy.  Loved it!  On another occasion, I ordered a combo platter with a Hawaiian style beef entree (no longer seems to be on the menu) and it was also great.  But, my heart still belongs to chicken katsu.

My husband has ordered saimin and kahlua pork, both of which I've taken bites of, and both were delicious.

The seaweed salad is some of the best I've ever had.  I've actually ordered it and split a roll and have been totally full.  

The malassadas are delicious.  Do yourself a favor and regulate your food consumption so that you can save room for a 'ssada.  You'll thank me later.  

Food is authentic.  Employees are friendly.  Service is prompt.
We've been here twice.  The first time, six months ago, we had an amazingly great meal with fantastic service.  When we went back the second time, with friends at our suggestion, we found that the wait staff and bartender were gone.  The food was still nice. (I don't eat sushi, but my companions weren't dispelased with their rolls and loved the poke.)  I just found ordering at a cash register completely put me off.  I think I'd be less displeased if I hadn't been there when there was a waitstaff.
We came here on a Tuesday evening and ordered
1. Black widow roll and Island special roll for 12.97
2. Classic loco moco lunch for  8.22

- In the Plaza Hotel Casino. 
- Order at cashier. Being in a casino, I'd think they seat us and have a waiter take our order but it's pretty much like L&L's way of ordering. 
- 50% off Regular, Specialty and baked rolls 3-6pm only! Great deal. 
- 15% off Yelp check-in. Stacie hooked it up "with dat 20% DOE! Yea, buddy!" Probably a mistake on her part. 
- Can't use the 50% Sushi and 15% check in combo. Come with a friend, 2 transactions. One sushi and the other non-sushi. 
- Black Widow: Soft shell crab, cucumber with avocado, tobiko and eel sauce on top. The tobiko make it look like the black widow. Soft shell crab was "too soft", non-existent crunch, avocado was fresh. It was ayteee. 
- Island Special: The most popular roll. Spicy soft shell crab with spicy tuna, eel sauce and spicy aioli on top. Spicy tuna was too mushy. 
- Rolls weren't impressive but for that price, I can't complain too much! Happy tummy!
- Burger was thick. lots of white rice and gravy. Average gravy taste. 2 sunny side up eggs. Mac salad tasted a bit "grainy", like a potato salad. Not the best Loco moco I've tried in Vegas, but still good. 
- If you're looking for an average tasting HI/JPN restaurant at a SUPERB deal, come here! I'm definitely coming back for more.
This was my first visit for lunch dining there.  I had been here several times to order  Malassadas to go.  They were located in the Plaza Hotel in Las Vegas.

We ordered at the counter.  Sushi was 50% off all day.  We ordered 3 rolls.  I did a separate transaction for 6 Malassadas to get my Military discount.  I ordered 2 with Custard, 2 with Chocolate, and 2 with Haupia filling.

Salmon Skin Roll: 6 pieces of crispy salmon skin with the seaweed on the outside.  My favorite of the 3 rolls.

Island Special Roll:  8 pieces of spicy soft shell crab with spicy tuna, eel sauce, and spicy aioli on top.  Too much sauce.  It was soggy.

Dragon Roll: 8 pieces of shrimp tempura, crab, avocado with unagi and eel sauce on top.  Too much sauce.  It was soggy.

I was very disappointed with their sushi.  Next time I would try a Bento Box, but I will be back for the Malassadas!!!!
Brownie tasted like dirt and I pulled a hair out of my roll- eww.
The deciding factor in giving this place 3 and not 2 stars was the service. All in all the service was decent,could have been a bit more attentive and sincere. When we came in this place was not busy at all but it did fill up rather quickly. Orderd items from the sushi and the regular menu. Pulehu Steak was a bit dry and the flavor wasn't quite there. Sushi rolls at 50% off was a deal,sushi presentation however was rather basic and blah!!! Chantilly cake was very dry and lacked flavor.
My husband and I went to Island Sushi yesterday and we have been talking about it ever since. We are fairly picky about our sushi and this place is very good. 

I have to eat gluten free so sometimes my choices are limited. I told the girl at the counter about my allergy and she went and got the manager. Both took the time to help me find stuff I could eat. They even have gluten free soy sauce in the back. So they were able to help me. I wanted a sushi roll that was not normally gluten free so they adjusted it and made it gluten free for me. It was fresh and tasty! 

I also tried the edamame with chilis and soy sauce and it was so delicious! I will certainly be back really soon! 

My husband and I usually get 3 to 4 rolls a piece and pricing was on par with other sushi places we went. They do offer half price sushi and did at the time we were there. It was early afternoon.
I felt the need to update my review after coming here a couple of weeks ago for lunch. I have been coming here since the restaurant opened and used to love it. I always would get the same thing, the ahi tuna and avocado bowl. It was the best dish ever, comprised of five simple ingredients but executed perfectly. Its brilliance lay in its simplicity!  Well first of all, they have eliminated all of the asters, now you have to order with the cashier. Second, all of the utensils and dishes are now made of plastic. Third, the food portions are a bit smaller and I found the quality of the fish was just ok. 

All of this I could deal with if the prices were lowered, I understand that the space is huge and they probably weren't making a profit, but to scrimp on all of their costs and then not modify the food prices... Sadly I don't think I will be returning.
Above average sushi at a great price. Staff could not be any nicer. We definitely will be back.
Ever get the check and then feel like you're getting away with a crime? That's what happened here. 1 Specialty roll, 2 Regular rolls, Miso soup, Iced tea = $18. Have I had better sushi? Sure. Have a paid less for the quality sushi I ate? Probably not. Struggling to find a staple for my sushi needs downtown, Island will wear the crown for the time being (especially bc of the $2 beers). Head here for a healthy(er) quick bite when you're in the Plaza!

Pro tip: If you eat at the sushi bar, you can order directly from the sushi chef. No counter order crud.
I LOVE spicy ahi poke bowls. And this place came "fairly" close to the ono bowls from Poke Express. For around the same price, about $10. The bland presentation was made up for with taste. I liked how they added a couple of taro chips to the meal, very cute/ different. 
I ordered 2 custard malasadas, 2 chocolate malasadas & 2 haupia malasadas all for $7. The custard & chocolate were ono. It wasn't too sweet & the filling was just perfect to where it doesn't squirt out the sides of your mouth when taking your first initial bite. The haupia on the other hand was not what I expected. It was OVERLY sweet & did not go well with the breading. I unfortunately threw both away after the first taste. At least I know now what they all taste like and I will definitely be back for more. The reviews were right, it's as close as you'll get to Leonard's in Vegas. I highly recommend it.
Very good sushi. I went there for lunch and it was 50% off all their rolls. Very fresh! Only downside is that the service is slow. It took me 30 mins to get 2 California rolls. That's a long time considering it is a meal that they did not need to cook.
Where to start? First off the set up threw me off. You walk in and head towards the back to place the order, which was weird to me, they do not have waiters.

I decided to go with the garlic chicken bento box. It was not filling for me alone, but then again I eat more than a man. The rice that was served was cold and very mushy, the whole meal itself was barely warm, the noodles were mighty tasty and the chicken itself had a good flavor but it was a bit hard, it's as if it had been over cooked.

On to the sushi rolls. I decided to go with the fried California roll and shrimp tempura. They were not bad, but they were not great either. The were over drizzled with sauce.

Lastly desert, no one could ever screw up desert right? Wrong. I decided to go with the strawberry mochi to play it safe since it was my first time coming here and I regret it. How could anyone screw up mochi? It tasted old. The texture is pretty hard to describe but the rice cake was not soft and chewy. I was so disappointed. 

Overall, the food didn't taste bad, if I was in the area I'd probably give them another chance but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. On the plus they do offer 50% off sushi rolls if you're dining in.
$30 for 3 rolls and 2 Saphoros? That is a good night for me. Tried the spicy Mexican which was pretty delicious because it has a squirt of sriracha on each piece and I love me some sriracha. Sushi chef was a sweetheart. Place closed at 11pm. Late Saturday night meal for us. Hit the spot.
Good food decent prices... But who is managing this place??? A stoned ghost??!!!?? I mean so disorganized I was about to walk out.... People are nice enough but stuff took forever and it wasn't busy.. You order at a cashier or sit at the sushi bar staring blankly at people ready to order for an hour?! 

Figure it out. I can't deal.... As I now live in vegas, I'll only be back if im desperate for sushi and broke!!!!!!!!!
This place was actually better than I expected after reading the Yelp reviews.  We were the first customers here on January 1 when they opened at 11:00.

It was a little confusing, because they don't appear to have table service, however, if you sit at the sushi bar, the sushi chef will take your order and act like your waiter.  If not at the sushi bar, you have to go to the register and order.  It is a take out place that looks like a sit down restaurant.  Don't let that deter you, though, the food was great.

My wife got the mochiko chicken and I got salmon rolls and Mackaral rolls and they were good.
Amazing time ... Our sushi chef JUAN made it fun .. Plus is good and cheap... Best time next when you come sit at the bar in front of juan he is the best and nice
I just love this place. It's a combination of good food, great prices and the great staff. We eat here at least once a week and always sit at the sushi bar, but don't limit yourself to sushi. Don't get me wrong the sushi is great but they have lots of other great stuff.
Okay sushi... Rolls are a little small for the price but the ones we ordered were all 50% off.  Just a heads up: They don't let you take-out leftovers if you get the discounted rolls - if I go back I probably won't order the miso soup so I don't get too full before the rolls come out, that way I won't leave pieces on the table that they won't let me take :-/
Now under new management...the fish is still okay, but the rolls are over sauced and for table service you have to wait in line and order at a counter.  Way way down hill since the place opened.
I used to come here because it was nice to have a Hawaiian option outside of The Cal.  Even though the food wasn't as good as Aloha Specialties, the variety was much better and local desert options were outstanding.  Did I mention the $34 all-u-can-eat sushi menu?!  Oh yeah!  The best deal on sushi in town bar none.

When I heard they had stopped the all u can eat option I hadn't returned.  So this evening I hear their rolls are half off for dine in only.  So we have it a go.

The joint is self service.  Order at counter, make your water, get utensils, condiments, and wait for delivery.  So we ordered, got our things and waited.  

Kids had the saimin and udon at $6 a pop.  Both are bagged and frozen with packet dashi I'm thinking.  Not at all impressive.

We had the 007, Salmon lover, and two others.  Portions were small at full price, but about right if you're paying half price.  The rice was sweet sometimes, too vinegary at other times and fell apart easily.  Flavor was forgettable and nondescript.  

While the staff is still friendly and Baba-B was providing the entertainment I can honestly say that we won't be coming back until they get their house back together.  

A while ago I thought they'd be the victim of poor marketing.  But now, if others feel the way I do, it'll take much more to get this place back in the lead.  

Give it a try and I hope you fare better.  Aloha!
Great food & friendly staff... Go see Chef Juan Friday through Tuesday.  He makes amazing speciality rolls.
Wow, what happened to this place? I guess I really haven't been here for a long time, until a few weeks ago. We were in the area and craving Hawaiian food. Figured Aloha Specialties at The Cal would be too crowded on a Saturday afternoon, so we decided to come here. How things have changed!

We walked in and were not greeted by the staff like before. Instead, there was a sign that said "Counter service only. Please place your order with the cashier." We asked the cashier, "What happened to all the waiters?" She said that they "changed the concept" of this Island Sushi a little over a year ago, hence the addition of the word Express. They have counter service only, but full service at the sushi bar. No waiters, no bartenders, which was kind of sad. We ordered our favorite - fried noodles, got a number, sat down at a table and our food was brought out to us 10 minutes later. Utensils, napkins, condiments and water were all self-serve. Although the food was still delicious, I believe the portions were a bit smaller. 

Again, pretty sad. I miss the old atmosphere and how it used to remind me of home. If I was ever in the area, I suppose I would stop by for take out. But I wouldn't make a great effort to come here.
Staff at this location are very friendly.  Spacious and comfortable dining room.  I frequent one of their other  locations fairly often.  I don't think the food is as good at this location.  The sunny side up egg for my Loco Moco was runny and clear in spots.  The gravy wasn't as good as the other location.  Food was ok and I will give them another shot to see if it was just an off night.
Amazing all around experience. I was at first a little put off by the lack of table service, but the guest experience our cashier provided more than made up for it. She earned her tip tenfold. She took the time to welcome us, gauge our interests, and even fully explain the off-menu cut rolls of the day.
My fiancee ordered the beef teriyaki plate with white rice and tossed salad. The beef was tender, the salad perfectly dressed and super fresh. I ordered way too much food for one, but I got so excited about the 50% off special I let myself get carried away! I ordered yellowtail sashimi, an Island Roll (soft shell crab mix in an inside out making, topped with spicy tuna, ponzu, and aioli), a deep-fried Philly roll (salmon, cream cheese, avocado, in a making roll with tempura batter, drizzled with eel sauce), and one of the off-menu rolls called Ninth Island (soft shell crab mix, ahi, yellowtail, rolled in cucumber and topped with ponzu and spicy micro greens). It was all heavenly! I am not usually a big big eater but I housed almost every piece. The Philly roll tempura was almost like a light and chewy beer batter, the eel sauce was thinner and not as sweet as I expected it to be- these little variations upped the ante on an old favorite. The Ninth Island was an interesting take on maki, omitting rice and seaweed all together. The yellowtail is always my gauge of a new-to-me sushi joint, and they passed with an A++. So fresh, chilled, perfect texture.
I found my new favorite sushi place downtown, y'all!
Sushi was decent. Curry for katsu... Brown gravy with a dash of curry. Bland. Mac Salad. How. Do. You. Mess. Up. Mac. Salad. At. A. Hawaiian. Restaurant!!!! That's like a staple besides Spam Brah!! Disappointed.
Excellent Service, but know that you order at the counter. Excellent customer service, the Rolls were incredible, We used a 50% discount offered on my smart phone for the Sushi Rolls. Six people enough rolls, drinks, teriyaki plate, noodless and so on. The bill came to less than 90.00 and that included my tip as well. If you want Sushi this is the place to go.....I don't understand other reviewers stating that the rolls were not up to their standards, but it tasted great to all six in our party......Thanks
This place feels like it is on its last legs. They don't have wait staff, and the place feels run down. I had a shrimp tempura roll, and the shrimp was cold and soggy. The poke was OK, but the rice was mushy.
Amazing sushi! We ordered and had our sushi within 10 minutes or less. The sushi rolls were also 50% off. I highly recommend this place.
Great customer service. Amazing sushi that was made to some high standards. It was delicious and I'm always happy to try new things. I tried the deep fried California rolls and they were delicious! Who knew sushi deep fried would taste amazing. I also tried the miso soup which is always a favorite of mine anywhere I go like this. It was different for me in that tofu was added and some green leaves I didn't know. But it was still good. I was glad to try something different! 

Great atmosphere and seems like the workers love what they do. The chief was quick and efficient even though he was backed up and stressed he didn't show it. 

Would definitely go there again
When you missing homestyle food then this is the place to eat and they also have $2.00 Heinekens
Good Food and really friendly people!  What really roped me in was the free samples they liberally give out.

I settled on their Hawaiian Chicken and Steamed rice.  I'm a simple guy and this pretty much was what Panda Express was (I HATE PANDA EXPRESS) but their food was 20x better.  Their mac salad was delicious as well.  The wife had their noodles and garlic chicken.  Their prices are reasonable.  I would've expected it to be a bit more expensive because it was at a mall.

A very good option at the Galleria Mall Food Court.  Will definitely eat there again.
I like Hawaiian Grill just fine.  It's not exactly gourmet or anything, but it sure beats Panda Express.  The chicken is always tender.  I like that they have vegetable options (despite the nature of my reviews, I AM pretty health-conscious).  Eh, it's mall food.  It's probably the best option at the Galleria.
Love the Garlic Chicken, and the macaroni salad is awesome! Just the way i like with choke mayonaise.
We were excited to find this place. The Samoan food was amazing, according to my husband.  I loved all of the leis, t-shirts and islander jewelry.  The owner was very kind and gracious. :-) Check it out!
I recall this place being some sort of Tongan and Samoan market a few years back.  Uncle that was serving me claims that the owners have switched several times until it became the Hungry Islander.  

Inside you will find that the mom and pop Polynesian store specializes in anything from crafts, memorabilia, collectibles, canned islands foods, frozen turkey tails, lamp chop necks, as well as other island favorites (Manapua, Zippy's chili, Portugese Sausage, S&S Saimin, Shumai, etc.).

As usual, Polynesian hospitality was in full effect and although ran on a skeleton crew of two when I was there, there was no shortage of courtesy what so ever.  Also, remember that because I am from the islands, I ain't scared to tell it how it is, so no bias perspectives here, uh thank you.

You will trip out wondering where the food is at first, but you will find that there is a buffet bar towards the rear of the establishment, serving up daily made hot and fresh Sapasui, Palm corned beef and cabbage, Faiaai Pilikaki and Samoan Sausage.  The dishes are served with rice or taro and comes in 1,2 and 3 entree plate lunches.  The only thing is that the cheapest starts at $10.99 and the grinds are take out only.

Its hard to go wrong with corned beef and cabbage, the sausage could use a little more seasoning or at least a dipping sauce, but was very tender to say the least.  The Faiaai Pilikaki (Mackerel and Mayo Mix) was ohhh so good, but probably not the best in terms of calories.  I had my dish with taro and didn't complain about the serving portions.  After all, Samoa's number 1 export ain't coconuts or green bananas...it's NFL athletes.

I will most likely be back to by some goods for the house.  The pricey plate lunches may reserve my cravings to maybe once every month or so.  Still, Polynesian food is a not as easy to come by unlike its Hawaiian cousins.  I already know all the true sole's must know about this place, now that they have been here for over a year this April. 

If you like Samoan food, and because it is somewhat of a specialty due to its scacity, I would have rated this place a 3.5-3.75, rounding it to a nice 4 star experience.  Not bad at all.  Cheeee Hooooooo!
BEST Samoan food in all of Las Vegas! Its delicious and homemade! Love this place!!
Kauai Cafe is a new spot that had its Grand Opening today, specializing in Hawaii Local Food located in the corner of Tropicana and Hualapai, 

My family and I dropped in for an early dinner tonight, hungry of course, or as my dad likes to say..."we da Flemings and we HUNGRY!"...in that Clyde Klump voice. Lol. I think our family had a fair spread of the whole menu tonight. The menu isn't too big, yet its not too small. You have your breakfast items, your specialty items, main mix plate items, burgers and sandwiches, and sides. The prices weren't too bad either.

Dad and the lil bro had the "Linaka's Mix Grill" which consisted of Teri Pork, Char Siu Chicken and Kalbi. I didn't get to have any, but it looked really good, and of course will be my first pick when i go back. 

I had the "Kauai Chicken" which is  Quarter hind chicken dipped in Heinikein Beer batter, and deep fried. Ohhh man...this dish as we like to say in Hawaii, was 'Broke Da Mouth!" meaning DELICIOUS! It was so juicy and crispy on the outside. I will def be back for the chicken. The mac salad was a little bland for me. It could've used a little more mayo i think, and since the rice was still cooking I got the fried noodles instead (which was pretty good). 

Most plate lunches comes with  your choice of Rice, Fried Rice or Fried Noodles and Mac Salad. 

 Out of everyone that was there with me, these were the only two that stuck with me, so I decided to share. The rest, well its up to you to find out. 

For the first day open, I believe they have a good thing going here, and down the line they can work out some kinks. But other than that, the staff is friendly, and food is ono, and I say E Komo Mai to this new Hawaiian Restaurant in Town. Aloha!
I'm used to getting horrible service and sub-par food from Hawaiian places. It must be because I frequent Aloha Kitchen more than I should -- but what can I do when it's the closest thing to UNLV?

Now let's look at Kauai Cafe. The server was awfully kind, the kitchen staff look like they enjoy their jobs, AND THE INSIDE OF THE PLACE IS SUPER CLEAN. I can't emphasize enough how sick I am of walking into restaurants that are super dirty -- especially most Hawaiian places.

On to the food -- the portion sizes and the quality of the food is pretty good. I shared lunch with my co-workers and from what I remember I ate some kalbi, teriyaki chicken,  and pulled pork; all of which were quite tasty. If I had a complaint, it would be that the rice itself was a bit mushy but it happens.

I know that Kauai Cafe is still a fairly new place, but if this is their style of work I can only see things getting better from here.
Solid four stars. Teriyaki beef to go, very tasty and good size portion. Rice and Mac salad was good too. I could have gone for two scoops of rice though for the price, and a little extra teriyaki sauce would have been nice. Oh and some hot sauce other than Tabasco would have been good. Other than those very nitpicky things, the plate was good. I'll be back.
This place was completely empty when we came to place an order for take out around 5pm on a Tuesday night.. I hope business picks up for them... The menu has all your standard Hawaiian favorites like Katsu plate and spam musubi! But what caught my eye was the juicy burger.. Which is a burger that is grilled with the cheese inside the meat.. I've been wanting to try something like this after reading James K & Jenny D's reviews about the famous Juicy Lucys in Minnesota~!  the food took like 5 minutes since we were the only ones there .. I really like how the kitchen is open so I can see them cook my food~ 

The Katsu was pretty good can't go wrong with deepfried goodness haha & the Mac salad wasn't overly creamy.. 

Spam Musubi like most places are premade.. I thought the rice was too mushy so I'll probably pass on this next time..

The juicy burger was pretty juicy! You definitely need to like cheese to enjoy this dish! And I do! I LOVE cheese which i guess means I enjoyed this burger haha it came with what I thought were potato chips but turned out to be garlic waffle fries YUMMMMO ~ I'm sure this Kauai juicy burger is not as good as the original in Minnesota but I'm also sure it will satisfy your cravings for the time being~!
Got the beef stew special. Was very good especially when you put Hawaiian chili pepper water all ova. Broke da mouth!! My sis had the teriyaki chicken & it was sweet tender & tasty :-)

Thanks Steven & Dawn for a good dinner :-)
Had the Teri Beef plate. Flavor wise their marinade is onolicious but I have to go to back to my usual loco kine grindz spot Island Flavor. I'm a big eater and I struggle to finish the heaping plate of thick juicy steak at Island Flavor. The Kauai Cafe teri beef was tasty but the portion was like a mini plate for $10.76 out the door. I had to go directly to the nearby Carl's Jr to have 2 bacon guacamole burgers right after because I was still so hungry.
It was ono grindz. It did broke da mouth.  This my experience from less than an hour ago.

I drag along 3 of my coworkers and we come here to try the place out.  I see lunch specials at the front door and get excited.  Here we go!

We sit down at a booth, the lady there is very nice and friendly.  We get waters all around.  A few minutes later we order.

Friend 1: "Da Surf Rider" with Fried Noodles.
Friend 2: "Da Surf Rider" with Steamed Rice.
Friend 3: "Kauai boy Breakfast" with scrambled eggs and potatoes.
My Order: Teriyaki Chicken with White Rice, 1 Spam Musubi and 1 Malasada.

Food come out shortly later.  In the meantime I notice the place is nice and clean with ample seating.  The lady checks on us multiple times and gives good service.  That is awesome.  The moment of truth comes when our food does and we begin to eat.  

For my personal experience, with my Teriyaki Chicken, it was a nice sizable portion.  It came out nice and hot and was very flavorful.   
- The chicken tasted good.  Was this chicken sitting in the teriyaki marinade?   It is probably just me though.  It isn't settling well with me.  Maybe I am spoiled with the chicken breast choices from other places around town.  It definitely isn't chicken breasts, I'll give them that. 
- The steamed rice was perfect.  They gave me two scoops.  They are from Hawaii, they should know how to cook it. :)   I, again, wish they had a brown rice alternative.
- The macaroni salad was OK.  The macaroni was a smaller and thicker than what I am used to but it was just me again as I would have preferred a healthier choice like a green salad instead.

The malasada was just OK.  It was a little to hard on the outside, but when I bit into it was nice and soft.  It tasted good.  But, I hit an actual cold spot in the middle of it.  :(

The spam musubi was good.  One side seemed to be a little watery from sitting in its on steam.  Happens.

My friends loved "Da Surf Rider"  It looked delicious.  My other friend liked the Kauai Boy Breakfast.  He commented on how he didn't need ketchup to finish it.

In the end when we were ready to pay, we were a little confused with the prices of the food.  I thought I was going to get the lunch special price.  But then, when other people came in and started ordering I heard that the lunch special price got half portions.  I wish I would've known sooner.  I happily paid full price because for what I got, it was a fair deal.

I will give them a try again soon.  I see "Da Surf Rider" in my future at least. :)   I also need to give their loco moco a whirl.

Awesome people, great service.  Probably just me because I wanted more healthy choices, but otherwise GOOD food.

I really wanted to love this place and give them five stars.  Really.  But, I have to be honest in my reviews.
First time here. Went into Smith's and heard about this new little Hawaiian restaurant. Place was very clean and had a nice open kitchen. Very friendly workers who checked on us frequently. I had the Chicken Katsu (onolicious!) Came with two scoops rice and mac salad... My boyfriend had the Steak and Pork Chili Dog (this thing took up the entire plate!) and waffle fries. Everything was very tasty I can't wait to go back and try their Teri chicken and island burger, which first caught my eye.
We decided on take out for a night at home with the fam and this little nugget popped up in the neighborhood recently.  We investigated the menu online and our DD arrived with dinner shortly thereafter.  

OOH LA LA  - I love a pleasant surprise!! It was a win!!!
5 of us dined for $50 so a wee above average prices.  

Mom had an island burger and said through muffled bites, "this is a pretty darn good burger!"  Dad was quite pleased with his juicy burger and fries as well.  The fries are homemade so they are a hybrid fry/chip.  They are greasy but good.  The burger is stuffed with cheese.  I would have like to try a bite but sadly, there were no remains.

As for the rest of us, we shared the staples....kahlua pig with cabbage, kalbi, and kauai chicken with fried rice, noodles, mac salad, and white rice.  It was unanimous that the mac salad was the BEST we have ever had.  The white rice was delightful (which some may think is silly for white rice - but it is the good starchy short grain stuff).  The fried rice was very good; little treasures mixed in such as spam.  The noodles were meh.  I wouldn't order them next time.  The kahlua pig was perfect, the kalbi was fatty, tender and flavorful and the chicken was juicy and cooked perfectly.  The chicken was described as beer battered but it has a very sweet crunchy batter.  I'm not sure what kind of glaze they add.  It was good - but a surprise.  

I haven't seen the inside yet but I'm familiar with the small location in a little strip mall in front of Smith's.  A perfect spot for a diamond in the rough.  Our food getter did say she had to wait around 20 minutes for food.  I don't mind a wait if quality results are produced.  I considered stopping there last night on my way home from work but thought it might be too soon.  Like an addict...determining the appropriate time frame before hitting the sauce again.

Maybe tonight?  Yum!
Finally, a Hawaiian spot in South Summerlin!  

I was a little afraid to try this place.  The location was previously inhabited by two failed Mexican restaurants.  I figured the spot must be cursed. But, rejoice all, I think this place will last.   

Although sparse and plain, the cafe serves up some pretty decent Hawaiian fare.  The menu is nowhere near as large as places like Island Flavor or Aloha Kitchen, but they seem to have a handle on the classics. If you're looking for Lau Lau, however, you're out of luck.

I tried the Kalua Pork & Cabbage ($10.95) which came with two scoops of rice and mac salad. Unfortunately, I found the rice a tad wet and mushy.  Maybe they need a new rice cooker?  But, otherwise, I thought the pork and cabbage was divinely moist and flavorful.  Just add a little Hawaiian chili water and dig in.  I also appreciated the macaroni salad that wasn't caked in mayo.

I also ordered the spam musubi which came freshly made and piping hot.  I would definitely order it again (it was a pretty big brick for $2.00). Prett-eh tasty.

I'm gonna keep my fingers crossed that they start serving Lau Lau (hint, hint, nudge, nudge, Kauai Cafe). Then I'm in trouble.
Yay! A Hawaiian place super close to home.  I've been eyeballing the wonton min since I've been sick with this flu. My hubby decided to get to go and they said 10 minutes till its ready! My kind of joint! 

I got the wonton min and the hubby got the chicken katsu with rice and Mac salad. He also ordered some spam musubis! The wonton min was tasty, but I wish there was just a lil more noodles. Chicken katsu was ok, not that big of a fan of katsu but my husband enjoyed it.  The katsu sauce wasn't in our bag so make sure you ask/check for it.  The spam musubi has that mayo like sauce which is in sushi so it was a bit different but good. 

The menu is simple, but I know we will be back to try other things like the juicy burger. Pricing matches other Hawaiian restaurants.
This is my second time here and I will definitely be coming back regularly! Had the chicken katsu and my bf had the kalua poor boy and we each had spam musubi and a malasada....sooooo Ono! Always great service! Refilled drinks without having to ask!  Can't wait to come back!
This place is a hidden gem! We decided to try it the other night when Hawaiian turned out to be the compromise between Korean and Chinese (don't ask...) for the hubster and I, and we were in the area.

Hubster ordered the mixed grill, and I decided to try the kalua pork po' boy. (Spelled poor boy on the menu, but...you know? I just can't) We also got a spam masubi.

Everything we got was awesome! Hubster was super happy with the mixed grill, especially the teriyaki beef (I think that's what it was). I tried a bit of the mac salad, and I was thrilled to discover that it wasn't overly mayo'd - something I can't stand. It was awesome.

I also loved the slaw on my po' boy for the same reason - nicely tart, lightly mayo'd (if there was any at all). You can get fries, mac salad, or onion strings with the sandwiches, and the onion strings were dangerously addictive.

Overall - good stuff. Solid four stars (five if there were more than two booths!)
Right when I walked in and asked to look at a menu for a to go order, there was an older hawaiian gentlemen (almost like Mr. Miagi from karate kid LOL) he immediately said hello, introduced himself and was INCREDIBLY nice.  You gotta love that hawaiian culture I absolutely love it.  I just had a feeling right then and there that I was gonna love whatever I ordered. WHY??? because you can tell that there is passion and care put into his business and food. 

This place is definitely not your typical L&L hawaiian or aloha kitchen type of place.  They have a much smaller menu and although you will see a few typical items, but they are missing several known items as well, that you would find at other hawaiian places.  The prices here are a little higher on a few things too.  

I decided to go with their variety special that was posted on their display board out front it was $15 but I figured what the hell because it'll give me a variety of their food and I'll really know if I like it or not and want to return.  After placing my order and waiting a little bit, I saw the man I met (I'm sorry I forgot his name) back there cooking for a few minutes and then again in the dining area just out and about talking with the few people that were there. 

I got my food home and as I started to unpack it I was just wowed over at all the yumminess I was seeing.  I didn't know what everything was (only some of it) but I was already impressed.  

I had something in a broth like stewed collar greens sorta thing (VERY yummy), some shredded chicken in a soup with small noodles (VERY YUMMY) tuna poki (INCREDIBLY YUMMY) salmon with tomatoes (forgot the name of it, sorry) my main entree had some lau lau (which was INCREDIBLE and not the least bit dry at all)  there was also kaluah pork (again sorry for the spelling). I was very impressed with everything.  

I will absolutely return and highly recommend to anyone to goto this place. It was VERY obvious that the owner put his love of Hawaiian food into his cooking.
Being a kauai boy growing up then relocating to oahu for a good 7 years and now in vegas, i saw this in the kama'aina magazine and was like no sh*t lol i had to try this place. So i drove cross town to eat here. Totally worth it. Home cooked food. The staff here were very friendly and the prices were fair. There is choke parking so no worries on that. Not hard to find either. If you from kauai or just hawaii in general and want some home cooked food, hit this place up you wont be dissapointed.
It's another Hawaiian food place, it's located by Tropicana and Hualapai on the north east corner in the plaza with the Smith's. 

So my favorite thing to do when I visit Hawaiian food places is to order the Loco Moco, it determines if I will go back usually. The presentation was very nice, it was clean and layered well with the rice, patty, gravy, and egg. They also topped it with some green onions (you can see it in my picture). My other two friends got Fried Chicken with Fried Rice and Chicken Katsu with rice each of which came with a side of macaroni salad. We also got Spam Musubi on the side. 

Onto the taste, my Loco Moco tasted dry, the patty was over cooked, there wasn't enough gravy to counter the dryness between the patty and rice. The egg came over easy, but I usually prefer sunny side, not sure if you can have them change it or not (but it doesn't hurt to ask). Overall I was disappointed with my Loco Moco. I honestly haven't found a place here in Las Vegas that could top it back in Oahu (Zippy's anyone?). 

I believe my two friends were happy with their food choices. The Spam Musubi came with mayo in it, which to us was weird as we don't usually see that, but it was still good. I sampled their macaroni salad and it was a little too salty and watery for me, I normally love macaroni salad so I was disappointed with this as well.

The overall experience was okay, I won't be going out of my way to come here though. If I happen to be in the area and want Hawaiian, then sure, but outside of that it's nothing special.
I had been reading the reviews and wanted to give this place a try. I am glad we did. The staff working there are very welcoming. Make you feel right at home. I honestly do not know alot about Hawaiian food. I was eager to try. 
As a person allergic to pork, :( there were a few chicken and beef options.. 
I did make an excellent choice, I had the short ribs. They were delicious. I chose the side of mac salad and the fried noodles. I did not realize when I ordered it had pork in it. I found out I can order the noodles without pork and will do so on my next visit. 
My DH had the fried chicken. He loved it. The chicken had great flavor, super crispy, crunchy and fell off the bone. We also ordered the waffle fries. They were the star of the show. Perfectly seasoned, and crunchy. It was gone in seconds. 
The restaurant is spotless. The portions generous. The prices very reasonable.
The two suggestions I have is bigger plates, for these huge and generous portions, and a steak knife. 
We will be back. 
I hope I do not jinx this place as I have to Bona, Carlos Kitchen, and Paparazzi Grill. I am running out of places to go with good food on this side of town.
So had too try another local style 808 because REALLY can never get enough local food in life!! It amazing thinking about close twenty years ago first moved Vegas could count with two hands local style restaurants in the Valley outside of downtown (California Hotel). Now too many too keep track of and talk about competitive market. The best part is not only competitive but spread across the Valley and blessed think now have few options in my area. Kauai Cafe is the latest one. It just recently opened so the signage out front is work in progress. Never judge book from its cover because once you get inside feeling the Aloha spirit and literally family run business (The dad/son run the kitchen; his daughter runs the front). Decor inside tell Hawaii pride from the Hawaii state flag and kealii reichel pictures. If you from Hawaii know who Kealii Reichel.

The food since first time not sure what I wanted but ended up going for the Kalua Pork Poor Boy with Portuguese bean soup for my side. I ordered side of fried noodles just because wanted try more...The Portuguese bean soup was good. Talk about hearty soup. So much of the good stuff Portuguese sausage, noodles, beans, and vegetables quite literally one spoonful of broth. The fried noodles I could have just had whole plate of noodles. Just like back home with the charsu action, the noodles, and great sauce. The Kalua Pork Poor Boy talk about mean sandwich. I had my reservations because Kalua Pork is Kaiua Pork and Cabbage. I happy that went outside the box. It stole the show, The Kalua Pork was nice moist, topped with bbq sauce, and the citrus walnut slaw brought it all together. I know might thinking pulled pork sandwich but I felt like nothing like it. Sure sandwich would order again again.

The staff or family truly exemplifies the aloha spirit. John the dad presence very much felt outside talking too customers. He checked up on me next thing know talking stories about they use too run same place in small town outside of Seatttle, WA. Got tired of the weather whole family moved too Vegas. His son is the chef of the kitchen, daughter takes care of the front of the house, and his daughter best friend one of the servers. Truly not only feel the aloha spirit, just the passion they have for the food, and making it authentic local food. Also like is signature dishes that will make return visit. It authentic but with their own touch. The portion sizes any other local plate nice size and nothing more bang for your buck then local food. 

Without doubt will be coming back because lot more local food need too try at Kauai Cafe.
We were greeted with island hospitality !   We had the special plate w/ Lomi Lomi salmon, chicken long rice, laulau, squid , Mac salad rice and haupia. Delicious !
We live adjacent to the strip mall and will be frequenting Kauai cafe on a regular basis
This restaurant was very difficult to find.  I drove all around the Smith's shopping center on W Tropicana Ave/S Hualapai Ave in Las Vegas. It was located between the Subway and a Chinese restaurant.

They have a Facebook page which updates their specials and their closures due to equipment malfunction or family death.  I was planning on going and they just happened to be closed those days.  They are also closed on Mondays.

They had a limited menu.  I ordered the Kalbi Short Rib Plate($10.95) and the Won Ton Min ($8.95) to go.  They offer a Military discount like many of the other Hawaiian restaurants in the area which saved me a few dollars.

The 3 strips of Kalbi was served on a bed of raw shredded cabbage.  There was one large scoop of rice and a partial regular scoop of macaroni salad.  The texture of the macaroni salad was a little grainy, like it was whole wheat.  It was pretty tastless compared to other Hawaiian restaurants.  The Kalbi was grilled medium and was tough and fatty.

The Won Ton Min had about 5-6 won tons.  They were very bland including the broth.  The saimin texture was also a little grainy.  It was garnished with sliced fish cake, char sui, spam, carrots, cooked scrambled egg, and green onions. 

I was very disappointed with the food.
Average food. Was okay but have had much better Hawaiian food. This one is at least better than Aloha Kitchen. If I am ever in the area I would stop in and eat but I wouldn'tgo out of my way to come here.
Food and services are super friendly. Saimin is tasty. Malasada is yummy. Highly recommend for Hawaii local style cooking.
I actually wrote a pretty good review about how excited I was about Kauai Cafe but it got corrupted in MS Word. So I've decided to write another one.

When I first heard of Kauai Cafe opening up it was kind of like all of my emotions were going all over the place.  You better be good if you're going to throw KAUAI in the name, you already forgot to include the okina but a lot of people do, I do all the time.  I was excited that Kauaians were finally stepping up and setting up shop in Vegas, besides having Lappert's you don't really see any other Kauai food representation here (nevermind this Lappert's isn't Kauai technically).  I am from Kauai, born and raised; I love the island, proud of everything Kauai related.  But I am also a Yelper; love Yelp (more like really really like yelp not love haha), proud of everything Yelp related (more like hey look yelp when I see yelp things).  I really enjoyed the food here and I didn't want to sound bias or anything like that so after bookmarking and visiting I kind of waited before finishing up my review and waited to see how others felt about Kauai Cafe.  I'm sure every Kauaian in Vegas has already stopped by but if they haven't they should.  Maybe they've even jokingly asked for the kama'aina discount.  Everyone should try Kauai Cafe.  Their food is so delicious that if I didn't already live conveniently near Island Flavor, I'd go here often enough to be the duke.  I'm so lucky I have options.

If you come here on Fridays' or weekends they offer their LAU LAU FEAST, this is my new favorite special plate lunch, think about Island Flavor's Friday special with a lot more. It includes lau lau, kalua pig, rice, mac salad, lomi lomi salmon, chicken long rice, squid luau, ahi poke, poi, and haupia.  The mac salad was OK but everything else was good.  Order one of these bad boys and eat it all, you might was well pick a spot and go nai nai.  Luckily I always know to take my food home when I know I'm going to hit that food comma, kanack attack state after eating. Here's everything we ordered http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kauai-cafe-las-vegas?select=cAdIEqy7JsR1CzjQIdrosA#qnZrmi1TZf_bc4ig4a0WAQ  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kauai-cafe-las-vegas?select=cAdIEqy7JsR1CzjQIdrosA#DY8LRpnEWNpjIn0gL9e_dw 2 lau lau feast, oxtail soup, and Kauai chicken.

They also serve up some bomb OXTAIL SOUP.  If you enjoy the one at Cal Hotel, you're going to LOVE this one.  Everything about it was delicious.  In my opinion the meat is a lot more tender and higher quality, just look at the picture.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kauai-cafe-las-vegas?select=cAdIEqy7JsR1CzjQIdrosA#wVSyL1mhSrQQlL8PcNjpag FYI this is only maybe more than half of the portions, it was to-go and I don't have a larger bowl.  And it comes with rice and mac salad.  There's a lot of meat and gelatinous around the bones, suck on the bone and give me just rice I'd make it a meal.  

The KAUAI CHICKEN was the last dish on our menu.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kauai-cafe-las-vegas?select=cAdIEqy7JsR1CzjQIdrosA#FHnK6GFTU_6iahVQkotK0Q It's the entire leg quarter of a chicken in a Heineken beer batter deep fried until golden crispiness.  The meat was juicy and the skin was flavorful.  I liked it not blown away but it was good enough to satisfy, it was good.

Kauai Cafe has probably one of the worst locations currently being on the far west edge of town in a center at Hualapai Way and Tropicana Ave.  There aren't a lot of businesses around and there's still a lot of developing going around the area so maybe they can have as much success as Island Flavor.  Don't get me wrong Island Flavor is #1 by a far margin but Kauai Cafe, for being still new, has some solid Hawaiian eats.  The interior is nice, clean, and welcoming.  There are plenty of booths and regular seatings but there weren't much people there when we were there.  Friendly staff with an open view of the kitchen.

The only knock I have on them is considering that Island Flavor is #1 in my books and it's isn't that far from Kauai Cafe is the pricing.   I have both menus side by side with me and I do see that Kauai Cafe has items that are about $1 higher.  It doesn't bother me much but it could bother others.  Some I'd pay for the higher price, likebthe oxtail, but some I scratch my head about, like the Kauai Chicken.  Anyways do come here cause you wont be disappointed.  I would like to see where they're at in a few years from now.  I want to try that teri beef and char siu chicken plate next, I grew up that stuff.

I guess my 5 star sounds like being bias. I'm safe to go back home.  LOL
Came here for dinner recently and what you'll find here is your basic Hawaiian dishes.  Kauai Cafe is located off Tropicana and Hualapai (the Westside).  Upon reviewing the menu, the one thing I noticed is their prices.  Price here isn't too bad.  Dinner for two will set you back only about $20, which is not bad in my opinion.  The selection is decent and it's pretty much what you'll find at other Hawaiian location.  However, the one issue with Hawaiian food out here is that there's a ton of them and I have my favorites already.  So let's get to the review. 

As for their food, I got their Loco Moco since it's one of my favorite dishes. Plus, I wanted something with a huge protein count.  In case you're not in the know, a Loco Moco consist of rice, hamburger, eggs, and gravy.  KC mixes their gravy with mushrooms, which was a good touch to be different.  Seems boring, but I have one word for this order...delicious.  This order filled me up, but I wasn't done. I always get a Spam Masubi or Katsu Masubi at least once when I hit up a new Hawaiian joint.  KC didn't have a Katsu Masubi, so a regular spam it is.  I was little disappointed with KC's spam masubi only because it was small, not as tightly wrapped, and the spam was a bit undercooked.  

The restaurant is small, cozy, and the staff is extremely nice.  The owner's dad even stopped at our table to chit chat for a little bit.  Okay, a lot of bit. But he's cool and just added to our dining experience.  

I want to say that Kauai Cafe is just okay, but I really haven't tried anything else.  I still have their Kalbi to try (even though I stole a bite from TR), their Katsu, their Heineken battered chicken, and Ahi Ahi (can't remember if they have that one).  From the minimal amount of reviews so far, it's their Kahlua Pork that they are known for.  It's going to be tough for me to judge that one since I don't eat much pork.  I'll still make my way back to try the other dishes I missed.  Who knows?  Maybe my rating drops to 3 or goes up to a 5 based on my next couple of visits.  But as of right now, I'm just a fan.

Loco Moco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2yrhVS5ouE7MxvNx8gUIvQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

A must have if you're eating here:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Xiijz8zyiTaG76CdzGhOAg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
We stopped in for dinner at Kauai Caf, the newest spot to serve up local island grindz.
Perusing the menu, they got your usual local standbys, but they also got a Specials board right outside before you enter that's worth checking out.

People also rave about this Heineken Beer Batter Fried Chicken, but a piece of paper popped out of the menu that sealed the deal for me. The Lau Lau Feast (Served Fridays and Saturdays) is a taste of Hawaii that is totally worth getting- Lau Lau, Kalua Pig, Rice, Mac Salad, Lomi Salmon, Ahi Poke, Squid Luau, Chicken Long Rice, Haupia, and of course, POI....Most definitely a feast for a king, or a "Hungry Hawaiian" in this case...;)

I killed it, but I just wish they gave more poi than a half full cup. Wifey ordered up a Surfrider Platter which she seemed to enjoy as well. Kauai Caf probably ranks right up there with Island Style, Island Flavor, and 808 Mixed Plate. If you're in the area and your opu is itchin' for some onolicious kau kau, Kauai Caf is the spot!......ALOHA!!!
It's rare when the whole family agrees but everyone liked their food. The sauces they use on the meat are really tasty and the noodles and fried rice were amazing. I liked the music they were playing too upbeat and happy. Only thing that could have made it better is if they had more hawaiian decor, it's nice to feel like you left vegas and imagine you are in hawaii, but the bomb food made up for it and we will def eat there again.
The place would have gotten a 5 star from me however, they didn't have the noddles for the day.  The have the tables as a sit down where you order.  It might be busier if they had it like a number system.  I don't know if people like coming and getting served.  I personally like it but overall people may like the number system.  Just my thought in that.
Now the important part, I was planning to go to the cal club but it is 30 minutes away from us.  So we looked up his place and was pleasantly surprised.  The pinion rings were so delicious.  I would order this and put it into my hamburger if I ever get one here.  The mix plate looked pretty good, my son are all if it!  So I assumed he liked it or he was famished.  The chicken katsu was too alot of food and delicious.  The katsu sauce was watery but still tasty.  Da surf rider was good but the four little scallops was a 
Little disappointed in size but tasty.  The coconut shrimp as pretty good and the beef teriyaki was tasty and tender.  A definite recommend and we will be back.  The owner cooks and the wife will check on your thoughts.  The server was attentive.
Heard about this place through meandering the Yelp pages and decided to make the trek over to Kauai Cafe!  Buggah is close to da' mountains!  Only far!

But luckily was worth it for some local Hawaii kine grinds!  Seriously ONO eats.  You like Island Style, Island Flavor, Aloha Specialties?  Kauai Cafe is right up your alley especially if you live in this remote part of town.  Westside!  

Came here with the wifey for a nice dinner out.  Because it is kinda on the outskirts of town, it was relatively empty in the restaurant with mainly folks coming in for take-out orders.  But don't let this fool you, majority of Kauai Cafe's patrons come in during breakfast and the lunch rush, and from what I hear keep the place busy.  

Back to the food.  It was a Friday night, and I really should have got the Aloha Friday Special...the Lau Lau Feast!  With lau lau, kalua pig, lomi lomi salmon, chicken long rice, squid luau, ahi poke, macaroni salad, 2 scoops rice, and haupia..all for $16...how could I have gone wrong?  But I wasn't THAT hungry!  Ah, next time, next time!  

I settled for Linaka's Mix Grill, which is a combo plate of kalbi ribs, char siu chicken, and teriyaki pork with 2 scoops or rice and a scoop of macaroni salad.  Buggah was pretty ono!  Kalbi was marinated good with a nice hint of sweet and fat, char siu chicken really had that char siu red going on, and the teriyaki pork was juicy.  And my rice was cooked just right to absorb all of those lovely meat juices!  With some shoyu, pepper, and Tabasco on my macaroni salad I went to town.  Finished all of it.  The wifey had their much talked about Heineken Beer Batter Fried Chicken, and she wasn't sorry.  Wow!  I had a bite and almost didn't stop.  That Heineken really adds a nice punch to the batter, and helps keep the chicken nice and moist!  Good stuff.  I just wish it came with 2 hind quarters instead of just 1!

Hopefully the Kauai Cafe keeps on with a good clip of people so they can stay in business.  Seeing that we live kind of far away from this restaurant, I don't think I could make the drive there on a weekly basis.  There is a lot of stuff on the menu at Kauai Cafe that I still want to try, especially their oxtail soup!  I just gotta go back eventually.

Keep grindin' away Kauai Cafe...I will return!  Take me back...back to da kine...
Refreshing after eating at Island Flop.  I was eating at another Hawaiian Food place when one of the employees told me about them.  Hard to find at first, they are on the west side corner of Hualapai and Trop.  Avoid the poke like any other place they just use frozen tuna and mix some things in there.  Whatever not worth mentioning.

Great that they provide a choice between rice, fried rice and noodles as your starch.  On weekends they have a Hawaiian plate special with everything.  Chicken Long Rice and Squid Luau could have been a little better, but still they put the effort in with Lau Lau, Kalua Pork, Lomi Salmon and Poi!

Menu is small, but the food is good enough to eat there once a week.  Definite difference in quality here as opposed to other places.  

Prices reasonable for good food and the service was friendly.
Was in the area and decided to try this place. From the outside, it looks like pretty much every other Hawaiian place in town. They had a mix plate special, which I ordered figuring that it would be like any other mix plate. I was really blown away! Their meat stands out from the other Hawaiian places in town and is delicious. I thought the mac salad was really good, but for some reason prefer Ohana and Ross Js mac salad. Service was great. This is by far the best hawaiian I've had in Las Vegas, and I can't wait to go back and try some other items.
Went in for the first time about an hour before they closed, small restaurant but very cute, I love hawaiian food, I love the people and was excited to try it. Starting placing my order and as I was the short thing of a man came up to me and introduced himself, he was the owner and was so excited I was there and started pointing out all the family members working there. I felt like I was in their home rather than a restaurant. While I waited (sorry cant remember his name) sat down and started talking to me and asking me if I had ever been to Kauai and since I hadnt he was giving me a bunch of places to go. I know this may not be typical situation in most restaurants but it was a memorable experience and Ill never forget it. And Yes the food was phenomenal BBQ was probably the most flavorable tender chicken I have ever had. It sounds cliche but I could taste the love and was so Ono :)
The Mac Salad is the best I've had in town. 

I recommend the Linka's Mixed Grill, the Pork, Chicken, and Beef are all great.
I love the burgers here. The juicy burgers really are juicy. My wife loves the surf rider. There is something here for almost everyone.
Great island food! I really enjoyed eating there.  The service is great, the portions are definitely island style, and the food tastes yummy.  If you're craving island food, check this place out.  It's awesome.
I love love their Kalbi, I always order it the sauce is what makes it really good..hmm think I wanna eat that today.i didn't like their noodles to sweet..
SURF RIDER AND KAUAI CHICKEN is a must try!!! Now I know what's with all the "hype"!!! This place is sooo delicious! and the best part is, the service was sooo great! :D Our server, forgot his name, entertained us and told us some pretty cool stories about the island :D which was pretty cool and was very attentive.
Food was really good! We tried Lau Lau plate (only available Fridays and Saturdays) , hamburger steak, and mahi mahi. One of the best local food places in Vegas! Service was good too! Coming back for sure!!!
I don't see it.  Order the beer battered chicken for take out.  was two pieces, thigh and drum. It was ok, I had better.  The mac salad was so-so.  All for $9+.  3 stars is being kind.
I'm officially taking back what I said earlier. KAUAI CAFE IS MY NEW FAVORITE  SPOT FOR HAWAIIAN FOOD. They don't have desserts or a big menu but with what they serve looks so good and taste so good that you make plans for the next visit when you're still there and still recovering from that kanack attack.

What to order? Order anything and everything. The mahi mahi plate came with pieces of crispy fried battered mahi mahi. It's fried but felt light and not greasy at all. Perfect crunchiness on the outside, moist and delicious on the inside.

If you come here on Friday you have to eat their lau lau feast. You dont get lau lau OR kalua pig like another Hawaiian place in the SW, you get lau lau AND kalua pig AND you get more extra items thats not old like that same other place. What else you get other than the lau lau and kalua pig? Some  haupia like a coconut gelatin. Poi, pounded up taro just add sugar if you dont like the taste, I don't usually. Squid luau, its green but just try it. Chicken long rice, lomi lomi salmon, poki, rice and mac salad. I finished eating one on my own then went back to work with a smile on my face. 

The Island burger looked good too and came with thick sliced potato chips made right there. Oxtail is delicious and perfect now that its colder outside, read my other review or just try it haha. Its tender and what I've been craving for the last few weeks. Could've sworn they were open today but looks like I have wait a few days.

Trust me when I say order anything and everything. When you go, tell me if you notice how good it looks. I don't know how to explain it, everything looked bright like I was looking out of a HD lense. LOL I don't know I'm weird.

Service is always excellent.
I love that this place is so close!  I traveled across town to eat at other Hawaiian restaurants and Kauai cafe is still at the top of my list! I had Da Surf Rider which had coconut shrimp, macadamia nut scallops, teriyaki beef. It came with fried rice and Mac salad. I loved the way everything was perfectly seasoned. It also had all of my favorite items on one plate! My husband had the hamburger with fries. Their waffle fries are delicious! I can't wait to go back because the food is yummy!
I think this is my new favorite Hawaiian spot. They do all your local favorites, but they put a slight twist. The chicken katsu had furikake  in the breading!! It added a level of complexity that I've never had from any other Hawaiian joint. Macadamia but crusted scallops... YUM!! The mahi mahi plate was big. Only problem was they don't provide enough tartar sauce. Or maybe they just give too many pieces of fish. More tartar sauce please. The island burger is massive!! Not only is it big, but that thing tastes onolicious!! The Hawaiian plate served on Friday/Saturday is gigantic. Appropriately named the feast. I went to island flavor a couple of weeks back and has their Hawaiian plate. Doesn't even come close to Kauai cafe. Lau Lau, kalua pig, haupia, chicken long rice, lomi lomi salmon, poi, squid luau. Everything you could ask for all on one plate!! Everyone is always very friendly, I really like this place.
EASILY the best Hawaiian food in town. My wife and I shared Da Surf Rider and the Mixed Grill and were blown away!!
Decided to try this place because it's closer to where I live than Aloha Kitchen. I quickly learned that AK is worth the drive. I had: the Kalua Pig & cabbage and the Kalbi ribs. The ribs were ATROCIOUS!!!  They were all fatty, full of grizzle and impossible to eat.  They were not tender at all. I gave up.  The Kalua pig & cabbage was tasteless; I'm not the type of person who puts salt on my meals, but I doused this dish with soy sauce to try to give it some flavor.  Had I been dining there (instead of ordering takeout), I would have asked for other dishes. No joke. Was not happy with the food overall, but they do have good macaroni salad.
ALOHA FRIDAY

"And Saturday Special Or Until We Run Out" That's what's on their menu.  We're talking about Lau Lau Feast for me and to some a sampler plate of Lau Lau, Kalua Pig, Squid Luau, Chicken Long Rice, Lomi Salmon, Ahi Poke, Rice, Macaroni Salad, Poi, and Haupia. Toss in a bowl of saimin with all the fixins.  And two freshly delivered malasadas plus an extra Haupia before heading out.

Want to talk story of how this ono delish kau kau broke my mouth. Listen I can tell you this was the best Hawaiian meal I have ever tasted outside of 808. Something else should be mentioned about their Aloha Spirit too.  It's a family business and everybody here is from Kauai including Don who is the father of Steve, his wife Dawn and her cousin Greg. These folks are all very genuine and sincere.

From Hendertucky it's a 22 mile one way trip. But still a whole lot quicker than boarding Fight #17 to HON. It's a very casual non-artsy place that comes with lots of leg room. Also there are some of the most recognizable pictures and posters of Hawaiian folk music legends and scattered  Kona coffee bean burlap sacks hanging on the walls.

Next visit will be to try their chicken katsu... the vision of that dish passing by me is burned in my medulla oblongata (back of my mind). No funky music here, just all pure Hawaiian.
Not as good as I thought from reading reviews.  Oxtail soup had lots of yellow fat on the meat, means meat was cooked, frozen, then thawed out.  Loco moco was ok for first few bites but after that was hard to continue.  Just something about the taste that wasn't what I am used to.   Ice tea was nothing but sugar water, couldn't taste any tea flavor.  Won't return, sorry
This place was yummy. Gave it a try after someone recommended it to me. Their plates are a good portion size ( I couldn't finish my chicken Katsu).malasadas are super yummy! I'm from hawaii and this was better than some local places that are on the island.
The only reason that this is not a 5 star review is because their dining area is a little dreary looking. I don't know that I'd want to sit and eat. Everything else, however, was really great! I was promptly greeted and given a menu. I was pretty overwhelmed by the choices, but I remembered a Yelp email I'd received that said they had awesome fried chicken. Never one to doubt Yelp, I ordered the fried chicken platter with fried noodles and macaroni salad. ($9.95). I went to run a few errands and picked up my order shortly thereafter.

When I arrived at home and opened the box, I audibly exclaimed, "Holy Moly, that's a lot of food!"  It was- a HUGE quarter of chicken (thigh and leg) and another thigh, a nice serving of noodles, and a little container of macaroni salad. 

Biting into the chicken, I think I actually gasped. This was seriously the best chicken I've had...maybe ever! The coating was amazing. Not too thick or bread-y, and it had a delicious, sweet flavor. The chicken inside was hot and juicy. The noodles were also pretty good, lots of cabbage with them. The macaroni salad was okay, but nothing to rave about. But that chicken!!!

I have plenty left, so I'll be chowing down on it today at lunch! I can't wait to try some of their other offerings in the future.
I don't know why and how this place is getting 5 stars. to me Island flavor is 100x better. I got the quarter leg plate and I wasn't that impressed. if you want Hawaiian food then I recommend elsewhere.
Best Chicken Katsu I've tasted in town. Katsu was extra crispy, tasty and done with dark meat.
It was really good, but they should reevaluate their pricing.  You can get the same mixed bbq plate down the street at L & for about $4 less...
The Hawaiian plate was okay.  Kalua pig was good,  lau lau was a little dry,  squid luau didn't have the sweet coconut taste and the luau leaf wasn't cooked long enough. The lomi lomi salmon tasted great, Mac salad had enough mayo,  poke was good but I've had better.  I wouldn't try the Hawaiian plate again but I did try the Mahimahi sandwich and it was crispy in the outside and moist in the inside.  Quality is average.  I would eat there again. I just wouldn't go out of my way to visit.  I still have other local Hawaiian food spots that I take family and friends when visiting.
Food was just okay. Their Mac salad was horrible though, super bland and had a weird texture. Service wasn't too great. The workers seemed like they didn't want to be there and gave a bad vibe, even when we were trying to be as nice as possible. They didn't have any shrimp the day we went, which was a shame because I really wanted to try the coconut shrimp. But I'm sure I won't be going back to try it.
I stopped by today on the recommendation of a friend.      Being I have L&L right next to my office and love their offerings I figured I would give Kauai a chance.   My only regret is not finding/trying this place sooner.     L&L is good but Kauai was out of this world.  

I ordered the Kauai chicken and their homemade waffle fries to go.   On the drive home my car smelled so amazing that I had to open up the bag and at least try a fry or two.   I was excited to find that they are cut thin (the way I like my fries) and crispy.   On my first bite the flavor exploded and I was immediately hooked.     I must have had about half the order by time I pulled up in front of my house.   

I grabbed the food and walked inside and instead of my normal ritual of changing out of work clothes getting comfortable, I immediately opened up the chicken and took a bite.      The meat fell off the bone and just like their fries the flavors were going crazy in my mouth.        

The portions were huge, which I have hard all hawaiian restaurants serve huge portions.     I am excited to have the other halves as leftovers as soon as possible.   

The service was great and the food was spectacular.   It is definitely worth a trip if you are looking for great homestyle cooked hawaiian food.
Good Kau Kau !   My only compliant and others that I know that frequent Kauai Cafe is that they should charge more money and put some salmon in their lomi lomi salmon. We all have recipes !  Please I realize if it doesn't sell you lose money, but everybody says the samething...
I wish this place was closer to home!! On the other hand, I'm glad it's not, otherwise I'd be eating here all the time. I've been on this Hawaiian food craving for about 2 weeks now. I saw this place driving to my dad's place and saw all the good ratings and pictures and had to try it out. 

I walk in and it's pretty empty, yay not wait. I wanted to try "da surf rider" which had coconut shrimp, macadamia scallops and teriyaki beef. However, they said that they were out of scallops. No worries, my go-to dish always is the Kalbi ribs with a side of Kim chee. While I waited for my food, I was reading the menu and it had the story of how the restaurant is commemorative of the owner's mother. I support family owned spots and you know they put a lot of love into their cooking. About 10 minutes later, I was on my way home to enjoy my food. 

I lifted the container out of the plastic bag and it was so heavy. Mind you my Kim chee and macaroni salad were in smaller separate containers. So much freaking food. The meat was cut up into smaller pieces for easier eating, but if they were in bigger pieces, I would have had 4 large pieces of Kalbi. Places usually only give you 3. The meat had a good proportion of fat and meat. The marinade was good and not too sweet. The macaroni salad didn't have too much mayo which I like. And it was really peppery and garlicky, which is also a good thing. I wish the Kim chee was a bit spicier but I still ate it. All this food for $15 and I didn't even finish it. Now I have lunch for tomorrow.

I will definitely be back when I am in the area!
Food is awesome I had three different kinds of tacos and they were all really great! I'm so excited this place is opening love having great place that serve me quick right by my house! Definitely go try this place out. People are cool too!
I cannot  xpress how much I love this new place!  This place rocks over Chipotle
They treat their Employees as Well as Animals this Great Respect

The Caring Homie Atmosphere is Such a Pleasant Reminder What it is to be a Whole Human--

Their Kalua Pig and Huli Huli chicken, Seaweed Soaked butter Rice,  Mango Roasted Corn, Tomato and Maui Onion, Purple Cabbage, charred Pineapple Verde, Bean Sprouts, Guacamole Bowl was the Best Bowl EVER in Las VEGAS

PS The Coconut Bark was EPIC
I was really excited to see a Hawaiian Restaurant opening really close to my house..man what a disappointment...If you're looking for a traditional Hawaiian Eatery then this is not the place. Dont get me wrong the food is good and the workers are friendly but if you want Hawaiian food then you're better off somewhere else. If you want a burrito or taco then come try this place. Its stuffed with Hawaiian Style Meat along with a fusion of toppings. 
Kind of reminded me of ordering food at Chipotle. Good luck to this business..


Sorry I dont think I'll go back even if it is across the street.
Drove by a couple days and was very intrigued. We came here for dinner tonight to try out this new locally owned Hawaiian-Mex fusion restaurant that has very similar layout to chipotle . As you walk in you are greeted aloha and asked if you have ever eaten at this restaurant. We said no they give us a couple samples of the 3 meats to choose from Kailua pork, steak, and chicken if you don't eat meat there are veg and fish options. But all three meats were amazing!! The pork and steak were my favorite. You can choose burrito, bowl, salad, or 3 tacos. I got a bowl since I love rice and I don't care for tortillas. I got the seaweed rice, half Kailua pork and steak, roasted corn salsa, pineapple verde salsa, cabbage, bean sprouts, sour cream, jalapeos, couple squeezes of lime and cheese. And drizzled pineapple hot sauce it's was delicious and I really didn't need the cheese for next time. The customer service was amazing everyone was so nice and friendly. We will definitely be back.
Good fresh food.  Not authentic mexican hawaiian food but a decent fusion.   I had the chicken, pork, and steak taco.  All meats were very good.   I tried all the salsas and they were all good as well. The pineapple one was probably best. Would have liked more options for maybe a salsa fresca or similar.   Otherwise everything was great.  Would have been better if tortillas were made fresh on site but they were still good. I liked the whole wheat taco tortillas.  Most places dont have whole wheat option for tacos.

Staff were all very friendly and helpful.   Will definitely go back.
I love this place it's like being home on the islands and the owner is such a wonderful person with lot of Aloha ...Thanks so much for bringing Bradduhs to Vegas it's better than Chipotle. ... Mahalo
Came here over this past weekend for some dinner. Upon arrival the place didn't have many people in at all, but this was probably because there are no signs really indicating this place is here (that can be seen at night anyway). 

We were a party of 2. When else walked in were immediately greeted by ALL employees behind the counter, that was awesome. And it was a genuine greeting, not sounding forced like some other establishments. The gentleman serving us immediately asked if we had been there before, which we told him we hadn't. He then offered us up a sample of their meat choices which were all equally delicious. After that they showed us around the good bar and our choices. 

Now this place reminds me a lot of chipotle, but with Hawaiian style meats and Hawaiian infused sauces and salsas. So if you're going in expecting a traditional Hawaiian eatery, that's not what you will find. You will find a chipotle like concept but with Hawaiian meats and Hawaiian hospitality. I got a Kailua Pig bowl with just about every topping AND seaweed rice, was delish. The bf got a beef byrrito (I forte the name of the meat) and he had that thing gone in about 1 minute. My cooking doesn't even fly off the plate that quick. 

I am a huge huge huge stickler for customer service and this place has it down. I really felt important and like I was their own customer. So much so I added $5 to the tip jar on the counter which was over flowing with evidence of their outstanding customer service to others. When we sat to eat we witnessed them treating everyone with kindness. And even the own came out and said hello, and shook our hands and thanked us for coming in to eat and told us he appreciated us stoping by. Who does that's anymore?!!?!?!!? I was floored. The guy who took our order comments "man he is the best boss, I love working for him". 

Now if this is all an act...they're pretty good. But I don't think so. 

Thanks for the outstanding customer service Braddahs! We will be back for sure!! 

Love love love this place.
This place is great! Love that they opened one in the North West. Now I don't have to drive all the way to Sahara & Rainbow for some Braddah's :) 


It's like Chipotle but BETTER and with Hawaiian meats. The Kalua pig and chicken are my favorite but the steak is good as well! Just like at chipotle, you pick burrito, bowl, salad or tacos. Choose your choice of rice which is brown w/ seaweed or without. Then choose whatever toppings you want. 

Make sure you try the Coconut Bark! Also ask for their different sauces to try with your food!
Right as I walked in, the staff was very welcoming. They provided me with samples of their meats which were excellent and on point.

I ordered the Huli Huli Chicken bowl. They gave good sized scoops of the meat and sides. First bite in, I knew I couldn't get enough!

The environment is very chill and relaxing. Then staff keeps the restaurant clean and well maintained. I'd give customer service a 10/10! Definitely coming back here soon.
my first time here today, service was fast and friendly. they let me try the meats to see which I liked most. all was delish. I had a beef bowl and enjoyed it a lot! I will be back. great vibe, great food and great service!
Ordered the pulehu steak in wheat tortilla. Hubby had the fish. Deeeelish! And service is so friendly :) Our new favorite place. Looking forward to our next visit.
Today was my second time here. I barely got of my car and the owner, was like "Welcome back!"  WOW, not that's AWESOME!! 
As soon as you walk in you get the same greeting from everyone. When you get to the counter they ask if this is your first visit or a welcome back. The first time I got the corn tortilla tacos and had the 3 different meats. Chicken, pulehu steak and kalua pig they will pile on the toppings. Today I had the salad bowl with chicken. 
Even though I've only been there twice, it's very good. And "NO" it's NOT authentic Hawaiian style plate lunch.  I would say this place has a Chipotle concept.

So...call it LocoMex :)
Great food and super friendly service. My friend and I walked in with our brood, and the guy working the line proceeded to make us a bowl full of samples of meat for everyone to try. All of them were great. 

It's set up "chipotle style", full of unique Hawaiian flavors. The charred pineapple verde was DELICIOUS and adds the most unique flavor, without being weird. The guac was superb, couldn't have been better. They even have bean sprouts, and you can't go wrong with those.

They also have these little bottles of sweet sauces. One is pineapple mango jalapeo (mild) and the other is raspberry jalapeo (medium), I believe. They're sweet and packed with flavor, def worth a try. 

I forgot to grab the coconut bark, but that just gives me a reason to go back. Not that I needed another one!
So my first try here and can't pass by some new pig. Had some errands to run and didn't want stuff to get soggy and they had no problem putting the pig in a bowl so I could make the tacos later. Sweet. They let me have a few samples and the steak and chicken were great but give me that pig!!
Mahalo!
We ordered two bowls, two burritos. They were all great. The bowls are bigger than they seem and they stuff it. Same with the burritos. Everything tasted great, not a bad price by any means. I misordered one of the bowls and they were more than happy just to add the other meat to it. They were really nice and gave us samples of the 3 types of meat they offer as soon as we walked in. First time there and we will definitely he returning.
Came here because I was curious as to who was now occupying the old Slidin Thru space...  Very friendly people, offered a sample of the meats so I could decide.  The pork was very good, reminded me of what you would get at an actual Luau in Hawaii..  The steak? Not so much....   I chewed, chewed, chewed until the piece of steak lost its flavor and I felt like I was chewing on meat bubblegum. I choked it down and decided steak wasn't my thing.  Chicken was good but not any different than what you would get at Zaba's or Chipotle...  Ordered a Pork and Chicken bowl, the black beans that came with it tasted like they literally came straight out of a can, no seasoning detected.  The portion also seemed small for the price... I get about twice the amount at Zaba's. enough for dinner and leftovers for lunch, even though the bulk of It is cheap rice and beans, I feel like I am getting a good deal when I can have two meals for the price.  Probably wont come back, sorry
Great customer service, everyone is so welcoming and such a good vibe. Food is fresh and delicious, so many options to customize your own meal. Overall an amazing place for a quick bite :)) plus a drive thru!
I love this place! We were greeted as if they've known us forever! Then, they immediately gave us samples and they're meat was just soooo delicious! Everything was very fresh! They must have just sliced my jalapeo! It was that fresh! My husband and I will be back that's for sure!
My friends recommended I go to Braddah's. I'm a big fan of taste, texture, colors in food and Braddah's had it all. Since I was a first timer, they offered me all four meats and it was terrific. I ordered a whole wheat burrito with seaweed rice (brown rice) with Huli Huli chicken. It was amazing! Also, they had several homemade sauces to taste with your meal. I liked the pineapple lime and raspberry sauce.

And most importantly, the staff was amazing. The manager, Josh, was friendly and attentive. He made certain that our visit was satisfying and our stomach desires fulfilled. The rest of the staff was smiling, friendly, and also attentive. The place is overall very clean and chill with the music.

Definitely coming back and might just bring my whole family! :-)
As a regular at the original location on Rainbow, I'm very happy that their newest location is in Centennial Hills since it's much much closer to my house! Braddah's is open inside of the old Slidin' Thru space and is usually farily empty when I've walked in. For those who have never been to Braddah's, it is best described as a Hawaiian style Chipotle where you can create your own burritos, bowls, salads, and tacos with Hawaiian flavors and ingredients.

Customers are always greeted upon entry and they'll always ask you if it's your 1st time here. Say yes and you'll get samples of their most popular proteins including Huli Huli chicken and Kalua pig. Then you will have to decide whether you want a burrito, bowl, salad, or 3 tacos. Once you decide that and pick your protein you get to choose any of the ingredients you want on the line except guac and grilled veggies which are an additional charge. Even their salsas here are Hawaiian themed such as mango & roasted corn, charred pineapple verde, and tomato & grilled maui onion! There are also bottled sauces avaiable if you need an additional kick but I've never tried them.

I usually get a bowl since you seem to be able to pile on more toppings which means more food! I really recommend their coconut bark and chips and guac here as they are pretty darn delicious, but you'll need to share because I can never finish these extras on my own on top of eating my own bowl.

The staff here is always very friendly and they'll come over to check on you during your meal if you're dining in which is an awesome and friendly plus!
Absolutely loved this place. I drove by on my way to my doctors appointment and saw the sign. I was so excited and always to try their place across town but never made it there. I decided to swing by after my appointment. 

As soon as I opened the door I was greeted with a big "aloha". For a second there I thought I was back home. They gave me a sample bowl right away and asked me what I though of the kalua pig. It was Ono!, but since I was making it myself for Easter I went with the chicken and the steak tacos. I loved the fact that I was able to order 3 different kinds with my order at no extra charge. 

The food was very favorable and very filling. I will definitely be back to try other menu items.
As a first timer here, I was pretty excited to hear about this place from my friends talking all about it. Dropped by with a couple friends to eat after having class in the morning. We were greeted and asked if it was our first time here. We then got to try out the different meats as samples! Kalua pig, Pulehu steak, Huli Huli chicken. Kalua pig was the best considering the flavor! I got a bowl as opposed to a burrito so I can get more of everything. Double Meat on Kalua Pig, every topping available. Certain toppings cost extra. 
Drink and tortillas on the side.

Josh and the rest of the crew took care of us! Sample of Coconut Bark to end it off. Too fuego!
I noticed Braddah's Island Style by driving around, I wanted something different for dinner and wanted some place new to try. Glad I stopped by here to try their food. The workers were really friendly and asked if we have ever been to any of their locations my husband and I both said no we're newbys. The gentlemen handed us a bowl of the different types of meat they have to try. We both instantly fell in love with the pulled pork. I ordered the salad with pulled pork and it was delicious and filling. 

Think outside the box and try this spot!
I could literally eat this food for every meal. It's like a much better version of Chipotle; better spice, better salsa and fresher ingredients. 

The Huli Huli chicken is insane!! I crave it every day!!

Do not forget to get the chocolate coconut bark!!
I drove by here last week, and my fiancee was actually the one that noticed it. After seeing that Slidin Thru was gone and Braddah's was in its place, we were both immediately intrigued. I got on Yelp and checked out the reviews, and was happy to see that they were amazing. Well, we decided to try the place out for dinner today, and I gotta say...the great reviews are justified. As soon as you walk in, you are immediately greeted by the employees, and they ask if you have ever been there. Since we never had, we obviously said no, and the girl helping us gave us samples of the three meats they offer: pork, chicken and steak. The pork was good but tasted like typical pulled pork...but the chicken and steak were damn good. The chicken has this nice smoky taste to it, and the steak is tender and has a touch of sweetness. We couldn't decide, so the worker told us that you can mix the meats if you would like...how awesome is that?? She also let us sample their different salsas...the green pineapple one and the corn one were both really good, so we mixed those in as well. The rest is pretty much an assembly line setup were you pick what you want. You start out by choosing either a burrito, bowl, salad or tacos. From there you just throw in whatever you want. It was a really great experience and I hope the place sticks around in this location because it is just plain awesome. The customer service was great, the food was delicious (and filling...a bowl is enough for two meals!), and the coconut bark is a great way to wrap up the meal. Nothing better than salty sweet chocolate toffee goodness to end a tasty dinner!
I came here for the first time they the drive thru--the popolo girl that took my order was rude. She also forgot my coconut bark, so I went in to get it. She had some attitude when I walked in and showed her my receipt. She just kept asking me if it was in the receipt. I said I just went thru the drive through and she repeated it back to me, to which she asked if it was on the receipt that I was showing her-she saw it and gave me the bark with no apologies--just attitude.
I've eaten a few times at the original Rainbow location and I think this location has improved on some things that was a problem at the other one. So far out of the 3 times, everything was seasoned.  I've felt items lacked flavor at the other location as they were very shy with the salt. I'm usually moderate with salt so if I think it's bland, it means its not being seasoned at all.. 

I come for the kalua pig as that's the best meat option they have. It's tender and nice light smokiness to it. I've had the chicken and that was pretty standard grilled chicken and the steak has a soy, sugar and almost cinnamon flavor to it. I havent tried the fish option yet. I dont really like going vegetarian here as I think a lot of the flavor comes from the great kalua pig so I only go meatless at other similar spots. If you aren't sure, ask for a sample of the meats.

I like that they have crunchy items like bean sprouts and cabbage to offer aside from standard lettuce as I like that much better.  

The only thing I wish is that they had a spicy salsa. The diced onion tomato salsa is supposed to be spicy but hasn't been. They do offer sliced jalapeno and habaneros though, but it's not the same as a sauce to fold into everything. I love my stuff spicy so I would pour on all three! 

They're always really friendly here and fast with service. My only other critique is that they close a bit early, it says on their site they are closed at 9pm. 

I like that it gives us another option here in the NW so I welcome it.
The bomb! Great food and awesome friendly staff! :)
Bradduh's is basically a Hawaiian style chipotle. I really enjoyed my first visit here. I was greeted immediately as I entered. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. When asked if it was my first time I was offered samples of the meats. I had a killua pork bowl. Although it was a tad salty on it's own (when sampled) it was perfect combined with everything in the bowl. If you're looking for traditional Hawaiian food then this isn't quite the place to go. If you're looking for a good, fun fusion then this place is worth a try. I'll be back.
This place is great. The steak is so sweet! The raspberry & jalapeo sauce is really good. It is weird that veggies are extra though.
Awesome food!!!!! Was waiting for the new Durango location. Cooper and Josh are super welcoming, felt like I was in Hawaii. Like every other review have to get the coconut bark for dessert.
We tried it last night for the first time. The food is amazing, it's simple but you have lots of options. They have their own hot sauces that compliments everything on the menu and everything in your fridge. We couldn't leave without buying a four pack to take home. There are few places in town that have service and over the top friendly staff that seems to come natural to these guys, some places seem like they try to hard and it's forced. Not here they all seemed to love their job, I thought they were all partners/owners. I can't wait to eat there again soon.
Wow, is really what I have- from the great tasting food to the awesome customer service. We actually sat and visited for quite a while, great spot for that too. Priced conveniently for daily visits if were closer for me. Tastes true to the style, the employees are so friendly, and will most definitely be returning.
My BF and I saw this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. We absolutely loved it! Very refreshing and unique menu. 
Right when you walk in the staff greets you and give you a sample of the meats they offer. I went with the steak and my bf went with the chicken
Loved the food and the service was awesome! Very friendly and upbeat staff! We will be back very soon!
I've been here 3 times since I discovered this place two weeks ago. I love it! I'm not a big pork or steak eater but I tried both and I'm hooked!  I've had the bowls and salad. Met the owner once and he's super nice! Customer service is top notch and the coconut bark is awesome! I love that they were willing to make my daughter a quesadilla since she wasn't interested in anything else.
Chipotle style.. But better ingredients! Get the bowl with Huli Huli chicken and kalula pig! Also if u like spicy, they have shredded habanero chips! Gives one helluva kick!! Def delicious and will be back again.. And again
Give up chipotle and starting eating at braddahs. Not one bad thing to say about this place after a handful of times dining here. The sauces are awesome: rasberry jalapeo, cocunut and habenero. The steak is really top notch sweet Hawaiian in flavor.
First time here and I love it. Can't come closer to true hawaiian style food. So 'Ono! Customer service is at 5 stars also. They make you feel welcome and they all share the aloha spirit. Will definitely be coming back!
After getting hooked up with a fat bowl of meat samples, I proceeded to get double chicken in a bowl with seaweed rice. The chicken has great flavor and all the toppings meshed nicely. Shout out to Gabby, David, Nitro, and Josh (GM) for great service and kind words. They even gave me free coconut bark (BOMBdiggity) for turning in a customers wallet left on the ground. Without a doubt Braddah's is the convenient, healthy, quick food option we all crave but have trouble finding in our culture. Without a doubt will be coming back and bringing amigos!
This place is amazing! The staff who attended us at this location here (Josh &the GM David) were so helpful in introducing the concept they were very attentive and genuinely interested in sparking up a conversation with us. Thanks guys!!! 

I had the huli huli chicken burrito, topped it off with the essentials and threw some of their delicious pineapple mild sauce on top. This was our first time here but definitely not our last.
I don't get over to this side of town much but on the way home from camp, the little mouth was hungry and I recognized the name from the Duchess' checkin.  We were not disappointed.  The staff was amazingly friendly, starting us off with a sampling of the meats and an explanation.  The little one (not so little at almost 10 years old) got a burrito with the Kalua Pork and I got a steak bowl.  The seaweed rice was excellent and the mango corn salsa gave it a nice flavor.  The big hit was the pineapple jalepeno hot sauce.

I don't just hand out 5 star reviews but when a restaurant does exactly what they are supposed to do they deserve it.  They aren't a fancy dining establishment but I really cannot think of one thing I would change about this place to make it better (ok I would move it closer to my house.)
Love, love, love this place! Everyone is super nice, food is always fesh, flavors are unlike anywhere else in Vegas. Mmmmmmm
OMG! Totally delish, but better yet, they have great gluten free options! The Kailua pig and fish are gluten free.  It is nice to have more then one choice.  I had Kailua pig on a salad bowl. The kicker was the seaweed rice in it. Everything was fresh and tasty.  If you are looking for something different then the norm, you gotta try this place.   PS although not gluten free, my table mates said the "Bark" was to die for!  I will be back for sure.
The employees were very welcoming and pleasant. They had us try the different meat they offer - the steak was my favorite! I had it as tacos with seaweed rice and pineapple salsa...yum yum yum!
Even their coconut and chocolate bark was great for dessert.
Glad they have a drive-thru for added convenience. I'm totally hooked!
Exceptionally friendly service, fresh ingredients, and a new twist. 

I decided to visit Braddah's at the suggestion of a coworker and was glad I did. After I walked into the very clean and cheefully decorated restaurant, I was greeted warmly and offered samples of the meat choices (fish, chicken, steak, and pork). I ended up getting the fish burrito. The seaweed rice added a nice twist to a Mexican favorite. Black beans and grilled veggies really made the generously-stuffed burrito a savory treat. The fish was flaky and mild and the various toppings added the bulk of the flavor. Looking forward to sampling the staggering number of combinations that the entree/topping choices provide.
Great service, gave us samples of their pork, beef & chicken when we walked in. My favorites were the chicken & beef. That's saying a lot because I haven't eaten beef, except an occasional hamburger, for many years!

We both got the tacos & they were delicious!
Their coconut bark is really good too!
Amazing Coustmer service! They have us samples the min we walked in. There pork is so delicious. And there coconut bark is something to talk about...salty cracker bottem topped with toffee then followed by a semi sweet chocolate. The then topped with coconut and a pink Himalayan salt it makes you want more. I recommend this place to anyone who loves food :) and island  food at that.
What a great find! I was offered samples of their chicken, steak, and pork right as I walked in; which were all delicious. We had the burrito with pork and tacos with steak to go; excellent service and a clean atmosphere. I will definitely be returning to try their other items. Highly recommended! This place has great flavor and a unique twist to the usual places you find everywhere.
Place is so so soooooo good!  Nice change around here. The COCONUT BARK is a MUST try. I thought the small box was enough. I was clearly wrong lol.  All the unique salsas and sauces nom nom!!
First time but definitely not the last! So I only had experienced l&l Hawaiian food before and thought it was terrible. I saw Braddahs when coming out of the 7-11 and went in for a menu. I was asked to try the meat and boy was I hooked! I ended up grabbing my husband who was waiting outside and we tried a pork burrito and steak bowl. Wow.. Between the awesome staff and the excellent flavoring in the food with their fresh toppings (omg all the salsas are yummy!), this is a great place for not only the food but the people too! Oh btw, THEY CATER!
All I can say is WOW! Amazing service! They have repeatedly given me the best service of any drive thru I have been too. The khalua pig is by far my favorite and most delicious meat on the menu. Way better then chipotle or zabas. Best in town!
Love this place! The service is always great, and so is the food. Huge portions. The seaweed rice is a must. We go in about once a week and love it every time. They are always so welcoming! This time we got coconut bark for dessert and it was SO good!
I would probably give this place 3 stars if they weren't so darned friendly!  

Here's what I love about Braddah's:
- The service.  ALWAYS super friendly and accommodating! 
- The seaweed rice.  Very unique (and yummy) flavor.
- Their chicken and pork.  The steak is too sweet for me, but I love their chicken and pork.  Very flavorful and tender.
- The coconut bark.  Man oh man if I didn't think I'd blow up to 400 lbs, I'd be in there buying this stuff every day.  Soooooo good.

Here's where I think Braddah's could use some work:
- The tortillas.  If they made their own tortillas, or even just bought higher-quality tortillas, their tacos and burritos would taste 100% better.  Until they figure this out, I'll only be getting a salad or a bowl.
- The salsas and sauces.  The regular tomato-based salsa is pretty ok, but I haven't been impressed with any of their other salsas or sauces.  Blah.
- Pricing. It's nice that their pricing is simple until you realize you are paying the same price for your little salad as you are for a giant burrito.  And since I really hate their tortillas and will only get a salad or a bowl, I feel pretty jipped.

So there ya go!  Will I go back to Braddah's?  Yes.  Can they make some big improvements?  For sure.
The service was very friendly, offered samples which was nice but the finished product not so happy with. We had the burrito with puleho steak. There was more vegetable than meat. The vegetables were largely sliced. Burrito fell apart with the second bite. Had to eat the rest with a fork. And the kahlua pork as a burrito with beans and cheese and all the makings of a burrito??? I don't think so. Never had kahlua like that. Didn't enjoy it for the price we paid.
This place is the Hawaiian Chipotle.  The service was outstanding, as we had many items for takeout and they were very helpful.  All the ingredients are extremely fresh and tasty.  The steak and Kalua pigs were excellent, however I found the chicken and fish a bit bland (that cost the 5th star).  Overall; a very good place to get fresh, tasty takeout that is a little out of the norm.
I make the visit to this location every time I work in Centennial Hills.
This is my favorite location, just seems so much cleaner than the one on Rainbow!

Love the drive-thru and also their Hawaiian "Chipotle" concept!
1) You pick from bowls, tacos, salads or burritos. 
2) Your choice of meat : Kalua Pig, Huli Huli Chicken, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Fish or Veggies. 
3) Your choice of Brown Rice, Seaweed Rice, Veggies or Beans. 
4) Your choice of Mango & Roasted Corn, Pineapple Verde, Tomato and Onions or Guacamole
5) Extras to choose from Lettuce, Cheese, Lime, Cilantro, Bean Sprouts or Sour Cream.
They have chips, sauce/vinaigrettes, and also their infamous Coconut Bark.

The two visits here, I've ordered the bowl with Kalua Pig, Brown Rice, Mango and Roasted Corn with lettuce and cheese! I find it so easy to eat right before going to work!

Hawaiian food done semi-healthy! 
The drive thru is so quick and the employees were very helpful and patient when I was clueless on how to order, also very nice!

I'll be here every 3 weeks, because that's when it's my turn to head to Centennial.
Must try if you're in the area!
I am so excited to have a Hula's in Scottsdale!!!
The new location is beautiful with the entire front wall opening up to the street for optimal people watching.
The drinks are nice and strong just like the Central location and the menu is very similar. I had the Spicy Shrimp Caesar Salad today and it was delish. The portions are VERY generous and the staff is great.
Hula's is a breath of fresh air in Old Town...go there NOW!
Great new spot that has a different atmosphere than most Scottsdale spots.  Worth checking out.
This place is awesome, right across the road from patties in oldtown its perfect to start the night and the open air theme is cool. The service was really interactive and relaxed and our server had lots of knowledge on the vast menu. It was hard to pick there were so many tasty options. Added bonus was happy hour until 7pm saturday and sunday. 
I was recommended to try hulas for the drink menu and it didn't disappoint! I had the tiki bastard and it was so good! A twist on the traditional mule. Plus the drinks are all served in fun glassware so you feel like your drinking cocktails on the beach.
To eat I had the thai chicken bowl which was huge and judging from some of the portions coming from the kitchen they serve big, but really tasty and nice presentation. My friends had the pork tacos and the cheviche and both were delicious, one of the best ceviche I have had in AZ. 
Cool place to hang out and enjoy the atmosphere, I would definitely be back to try more!
I stopped here with a few friends on an impromptu "tour de old-town" before I make my move to SF.  We had no idea it was the grand opening - happy hour all day!

I'd been meaning to try the Phoenix location forever so I was glad I got to check out the new spot.  From what I could tell, this location is much less "themed" which is kind of a bummer, but we still got umbrella's in every drink which made me a happy little bar hopper.

We didn't try any food but the drinks we're all very strong and tasty.  One mai tai was enough for this little one, 2 would've sent me dancing across the street at Pattie's.

Definitely a fun new spot to check out for something off the beaten path!
I was so happy when they announced they were opening a location in Scottsdale.  This is a really fun place and I am sure it will be a hit in the area.  There are a couple of kinks still to work out, but I am sure they will take care of it.  We went for the grand opening, we sat at a communal table with several friends.  I was having such a fun time that I missed the ribbon cutting ceremony.  My first drink was the Dr. Funk, very fruity and rummy.  I think it could be dangerous, because I was downing it pretty fast.  My second one was the One Eye Pyrat, I love ginger beer, so I wanted to try it.  That one was good, but I liked my first drink better. To eat we had the Ahi Tuna Wontons, Pork Tacos and Johnny cakes.  Everything was really good.  We never got our sweet potato fries, but they took them off the bill.  It was a pretty confusing table, so I don't blame our server Charlie, he was trying to take care of a table of over 12 people.  I already know what I am getting next, can't wait to be back.
I'm glad they are open now in Scottsdale.  It saves me the drive to Phoenix.  Their servers are friendly and the mai tai is as good as ever!
I wasn't sure what to expect with this Hula's, but after attending their grand opening I was pleasantly surprised.  Despite being extremely busy, we had great service and food. I tried the house made vegetarian black bean burger with sweet potato fries. It was excellent and big enough to feed at least 2 people! The only thing I wasn't thrilled with was their drinks were premixed.  The Mai Tai was a little sweet for my taste, so I asked them to take down the pineapple juice a bit, but they couldn't...so I moved on to  a dark and stormy.   We're looking forward to returning for Sunday brunch and all day happy hour... let's just say Hula's is going to be packed this spring!
Absolutely awesome food & service!
We happen to stumble upon the grand opening & went in for a cocktail. 
We returned the next day for lunch. Incredible food!!!
I asked if Hula's has a sister restaurant in Monterey Ca.? 
They do!  The Hula's in Monterey Ca. was one of the best meals we had in Monterey.
Scottsdale was just as memorable!
You have a serious hit on your hands!!! KUDOS!!!!!
Can't wait to go back!
For a new restaurant I think they did very well.  I went on what I believe was their 
2nd night of being open.
My group started with the spicy edamame, the ceviche, and the house made fries.
I'm very picky, the ceviche had a huge thumbs up from the table, as did the amazing fries. I think the edamame could use a BIT of tweaking. 
The group all looked very happy with the entrees ordered.  I ordered a green jungle curry bowl, really good kick of spice, which I appreciated.  I don't believe in bland!
I'm not a dessert person but they do have homemade desserts I was told by the cutie server girl.
I visit Scottsdale for biz, I will go back (and even try the edamame again).
I love their Downtown location and when I heard about the new location in Old Town Scottsdale I just about flipped.  Being very familiar with their downtown menu (especially their signature drinks) I came in to see how (or if ) this place could really hold its own relative to the Downtown Phoenix location.  

Hands down, this Hula's is just as good as the Downtown location.  While the ambiance is different between the two locations, the food and drink are consistent.  
I have a few favorites that have carried over from the Downtown location.

Drinks - While every one their signature drinks is *AWESOME* [yep have worked my way through that list a few times at the #dtphx location] my favorite is the Dr. FuNk, followed closely by their Mai Thai and Pain Killer.  It's easy to slurp down these luscious libations, especially while enjoying the lovely Arizona weather.  But be warned, you will want to have a DD, Tipsy Tow or your favorite taxi/driver service on speed dial. It sneaks up on you!  As soon as you stand up, after only 2-3 drinks, you will be wondering if someone slipped you a "mickie". Potent stuff!

To help off-set the effects of the multiple Mai-Thais.  Their food is absolutely yummy.  While I have not tried everything on their food menu, what I have tried is delish.
Food...  [MY top 3]
Their Hula Burger with sweet potato fries (that fry sauce they serve with the sweet potato fries is very tasty.)  Or just order the fries an order is large enough to share if you are just looking for something to munch on.
- Ceviche - chunks of white fish marinated in citrus juice tossed with cilantro. red bell pepper, chopped tomato...It is served with wonton chips. Great to share but I like to make a light meal out of it. 
- Ahi wontons- wonton chips topped with a thin slice of seasoned and seared ahi tuna (it 's rare for those squeamish about their fish) drizzled with a light wasabi aoli of sorts. This, like the ceviche, is good to share or makes a great light meal. 
Ahi Poke Salad- chunks of ahi (raw) mixed with avocado and served with wonton chips.  I treat this the same as the last two dishes listed above.  
The Scottsdale location is the first place where I tried their Jamaican Johnny Cakes (Side Order = 6 pieces) - the way they do it here,  think of this as a buttery sweet and earthy corn bread. Served warm it accompanies any of their pulled pork or bowls well. I just like it by itself.   Plus it is a great way to soak up a little of the booze and maintain your composure.

Ok that is enough...you probably didn't make it this far down the review or you did, but only after reading the first 3 sentences.
So when I heard Hula's was opening another location (thank you Yelp!) I knew I had to be there for the Grand Opening. Turns out so did quite a few other people! Hula's is a very popular place. With good reason. Killer drinks, great ambiance and the food is just like it is at the Phoenix location. This is a really fun place to hang out. Just awesome!

For food this time I tried something different. I opted for the Fish Sandwich, with 
blackened hapu, taco slaw, sun-dried tomato pesto aioli. It's huge! (Served with way too many fries.) And yet, I continued to eat well past my filling point. 

Here's why. The sandwich melted in my mouth. It was spiced, but not hot! hot! hot! burn the place down. Just enough kick to keep things interesting. If I hadn't planned to paint the town red I could have readily saved half for lunch the next day. BUT NO. I ate it all. (And then I complain about my dress size. Pfft!)

For drinks I started off with a porter. As the holidays are a fond memory (unless you had to wrap too many presents) I fear that my dark beers will be saying farewell. Get this! This Hula's stocks Black Butte's Porter (in a bottle). Be still my heart. {Flutter, flutter}  

If that wasn't enough Hula's makes a wonderful Dark & Stormy. As it was before the end of a witching hour, I made off with HH pricing. These bartenders really know what they're doing with this drink! It had just the right balance of ginger. 

Hula's is upfront about telling you the cost on the menu for built in gratuity. Larger parties have 18% built in. Split checks on groups have 20% built in. A bunch of us strolled in and were able to sit at a communal table. I'd highly recommend making a reservation if you can. (For parties of six or more.) This is a hot spot!

p.s. Thank you Yelp friends who dressed in 50's Vegas/Palm Springs attire just for the fun of it!
I went to the grand opening at the invitation of Anna M. and Irene V. but they had to twist my arm . . . just kidding!!!  I already knew this new location will be hip, trendy, and fabulous since I am already very familiar with their downtown location so when they invited me, I happily complied. 

I was not disappointed!  The new location has these great glass doors that completely opens out to the patio area making for fantastic people watching. And the menu is the same delectable food items. And of course their famous cocktails always serves to please. 

Great addition to Old Town Scottsdale. Looking forward to their many years of thriving business here!!!
What a great surprise find in the Old Town Scottsdale area. We didn't know about the original location in Phoenix, but this location was recommended to us by my hairstylist that also is in the area. The parking lot is very small (about 5 spots) and doesn't have an exit, so be warned that you may be doing a 10-point u-turn to get out of it when there are no spots.  That is really the only down side, which isn't really too bad considering all the parking around the area!

They were running Happy Hour (which they even have on weekend) so we ordered a Mai Tai and the Dr. Funk, both of which were very good, although the Dr. Funk would win 1st in our book.  I had the crispy coconut shrimp rolls, which were phenomenal, and the pineapple dipping sauce was just the icing on the proverbial cake here.

For lunch I had a burger with blue cheese. He had the pork tacos.  I'll probably get the tacos next time around, since they were cooked perfectly and the garnish was fresh and amazing.  My burger was cooked exactly as ordered, and the blue cheese was great - I just think I'll mix it up next go round with tacos!

Our server was Charles, and he was incredibly nice. He made great recommendations both with food and drinks, so if you can sit in his area, do it.

Overall: A+
Go there. Get coconut shrimp rolls. Dr. Funk is amazing. You won't regret it.
A friend and I came in on a Thursday night around 11 hoping to get a late night bite and check out Hula's Modern Tiki (formally Big Earls BBQ). Upon arriving  we were informed the kitchen was partially open due to the late hour and would not be able to prepare select items on the menu. Not really too hungry we were fine with the limited selection. The special on Thursday nights features a word of the day you can access through Facebook that grants you 2-4-1 drinks. We decided to try out their Hula Mai-Tai which is a stronger, less sweet twist on the traditional cocktail. It was the perfect balance of rum and tart citrus. 
 
We then started with the white fish ceviche, which was light and delicious. The accompanied wontons provided the perfect amount of crunch. We scarfed the plate down in a matter of minutes, which was followed by our ahi tuna tacos. They were a bit on the spicy side for my own preference, but were pulled together nicely by their rice and beans which cooled the dish down a little, the ahi wasn't incredible but by far not the worse. 

For being as late as it was I was happy with the attentiveness of our server and the overall ambiance of the restaurant. My date was on shazam the whole course of our dinner looking up long lost songs she had forgotten over the years. 

Overall, I enjoyed my dinning experience at Hula's and am eager to come back earlier in the night to try other entrees that I missed out on ( the ribs!!! ). There is definite potential and the fun, laid back atmosphere accompanied by a extensive tropical drink menu will lead to a successful addition to Old Town.
Great food AND beer, what more could you ask for? Great spot to grab dinner with some friends or on a date night.
This new location really hit it out of the park!  Remarkably good in atmosphere, service and food.  Can't wait to come back!

My husband and I were biking by and saw this adorable new location of a place we like downtown, and stopped in - so glad we did!  The decor is lovely - tons of blond wood, an open floor plan, 50s tiki bar feel, gorgeous bar - even the bathrooms are really cute!.  

The hostess was really nice, but the server was just wonderful.  He was super helpful, gave us tons of information, and had a 100 watt smile, to boot.  On his advice, we ordered the blackened Ahi tuna sandwich, and it was amazing!!  The fish was really fresh, the seasonings really brought out the flavor without overpowering it, and light coleslaw and pico really rounded it out.  This was accompanied by some spectacular sweet and regular fries - absolutely the best fries I've tasted in a long time.  Really top-notch.
Max and Matt made me super welcomed and made me an insane Mai Tai. It is an incredible new place, super open and clean. Food is ridic. Go check it out.
when we tried their phx location years ago, we thought it was good. now with this new location, i think it's GREAT! it seems like there are so many more options on the menu! there are so many fish options it's incredible. 
we started with 2 of their spectacular HH items...the ceviche and the spicy thai fish cakes. the ceviche came with 5 pieces of delicious crispy bread. the fish itself was a tasty, lemony flavor, not overwhelming, but that you could actually taste the fish. the fish cakes were moist and delicious, with a thin deep fried batter and a tasty aioli sauce drizzle. 
i ordered the south seas fish tacos. each came with 2 very large pieces of fish. cooked tender and moist, with a small side of mild salsa and a scoop of white rice and black beans. i had a margarita to down it all with, and in effect, had a deliciously wonderful meal. 

the decor is fabulous and so is the location, right in the heart of old town. their HH specials are fantastic and they are adding to their brunch menu. for a location that's only been open for 2 weeks, we hope to make this a regular spot!
Happy hour was amazing! The waiter was soooo helpful! He literally explained everything. And we were extremely needy. His name is Juan Carlos.   Literally best service
Amazing! I'm from Philly which a big food town and this place kills it. Good drinks too. Plantains! Coconut shrimp rolls! Mongolian beef bowl! Amazeballs! Also had a piece of ahi which was good and Johnny cakes were nice!
As I was getting a to go Luau I needed to fit it into my man purse to ride home and Jackie was so happy to help me with packing my meal. Also Mariana just lit up the place with her smile and kindness. Honestly, love this place. Btw I got bacon on my pork, giggaty!
I have always wanted to try Hulas but never had the time to go to the central location.  Ehen I found out one opened up in Old Town I was so stoked. I came in the other night wanting to see how it was and lemme tell you I was totally impressed. The atmosphere was amazing. I tried the ceviche and I loves it.. the bartender Max was fantastic.. great energy and engaged with me as well as other patrons.. he made me feel comfortable and suggested the spicy teriyaki chicken bowl. .I loved it.. so glad I tried hulas because im bringing 10 to 12 ppl back for my bday dinner saturday night.. hopefully max will be there and can whip me up a bday shot haha.. I work in old town and will recommend this place to others
Dropped by Hula's while strolling around Old Town Scottsdale.  The fianc and I were looking for a place to have dinner and we came across what looked like a hip and happening place.  Honestly a bit out of place in my opinion considering that Hula's is this "modern tiki bar" right in the heart of this western old town scottsdale area but nonetheless we decided to try this place out.

Hula's had quite an extensive menu with so many items to choose from I was a bit overwhelmed but our very trendy sweet server Alexis recommended their spicy Thai chicken bowl and their fish plates.  We decided to try both.  I ordered the Thai chicken bowl minus the beans and the fianc ordered the lemongrass encrusted hapu.  I was really disappointed because we originally wanted to order the butterfish but they were out but Alexis mentioned that the hapu would be another alternative option.  The fish was absolutely delicious!  Light and flakey and just every bit of perfection!  I loved it!  Very much comparable to one of my favorite restaurants I frequent in San Diego for Hawaiian fusion dishes!  YUM!  The portions here are pretty hefty as my Thai chicken bowl was huge! Definitely could feed at least two I think because I can eat for two!  Prices here are reasonable for dinner ranging anywhere from 7-26.  
 
A great date place since the lighting is so dim it really sets the mood haha however I saw tons of families and children dining here.  Would definitely come back the next time I visit Scottsdale and recommended others to try Hula out.
My fiance and I have been here twice.  Once was great, and once was fine.

Most recently we sat on the patio, which made for amazing people-watching.

Service the second time we were in was much better than the first time. 

Both times we ordered things our servers recommended.
We weren't impressed with the Pulled Pork Sandwich, the Spicy Thai Chicken Bowl, the Shrimp Tacos, or the Ahi Sandwich.  We loved the Potstickers, and the Salad that came with the Ahi Sandwich.

The place looks great.  The ambiance is gorgeous.  I hope to check out their mimosa brunch deal ... that sounds affordable and delicious.  Sunday Funday anyone?

Overall this is a fun place, but I would recommend coming here for drinks and skipping dinner.
Went here for a work luncheon a couple weeks ago.  I have to say the majority of the items on their menu I won't eat because they have some type of spicy sauce to them and I'm not a fan of spicy food.  I asked if they could make a plain old boring generic bacon cheeseburger.  It arrived with no cheese.  I asked for cheese, which they brought on a plate.  The burger was much better with cheese.  I liked the burger really well.  My co-workers had a variety of things - shrimp tacos (which didn't get a very enthusiastic response), a fish sandwich which was so spicy my boss couldn't eat the whole thing, and a thai chicken bowl that got rave reviews.  We also ordered a side of their macaroni and cheese.  I'm a huge fan of mac and cheese but this needs some pizazz.  It is extremely bland, and those who were eating the overly spicy fish said they couldn't taste it at all.  Maybe add some more flavorful cheese (but please don't make it spicy like everything else!).

Overall, if you like your food to leave your mouth burning, order their fish sandwich.  Otherwise, have them make you a cheeseburger - it was good!
Favorite spot in Old Town right now!  I think Hula's has been open for about a month, and I have been there at least 5 times that I can think of!  First of all, I love the dcor.  It is very island hip casual, if that makes sense.  I love that there is one wall that completely opens up to the outside.  That has been particularly nice during this mild winter that we've been having.  Second, they have a great happy hour.  It goes until 7 every day.  My favorite are the mai tais.  Usually I am not a huge fan of mai tais, but these are special.  They are not the usual fruit-punch-red, sugary concoctions you get beachside.  No, they are not...but, I have a hard time describing them.  I'll just say they are delicious, and they definitely pack a punch.  Third, almost everything I've eaten there has been great.  The two things that stick out in my mind are the poke and the hapu with lemongrass sauce.  The poke was extremely fresh and flavorful.  Sometimes raw fish dishes are too salty for me, but this was perfect.  My boyfriend ordered the hapu and chose to get it with lemongrass sauce.  It was one of the best fish dishes I've ever had.  Even with a cream sauce, it was relatively light and just really different.  I ordered the butterfish and had it pan fried, and I should have known it would be too much.  It was tasty, but it was just too rich and definitely on the salty side.  I've also had the sweet potato fries, lobster bisque, potstickers, and the crispy coconut shrimp rolls.  I enjoyed all of those except the potstickers, which were too thick and fairly bland.  Finally, the service has generally been good.  The one night I went for dinner rather than happy hour, the service was excellent.  I will be going back to Hula's as soon as possible!
I can't say it enough, I LOVE the Scottsdale Hula's location.  We only found this place a couple weeks ago, and have already been twice.  The food is amazing, especially the pork tacos.  This location does the mayo-based slaw with their pork tacos, which I prefer, but you can also request the dry slaw they use at the downtown location if it is your preference.  

The first time we went we had Charles (Charlie, I think) as our waiter.  He was absolutely phenomenal.  If he's working, definitely request him.  He's super friendly, very attentive, makes great menu suggestions if requested, and isn't afraid to give you an honest opinion of a dish, which I find to be a sign of a great waiter and restaurant.  The second time we went we also had an excellent waiter, but sadly I cannot remember his name.  The restaurant  is brand new, and has a large open-air layout with both indoor and outdoor seating. 

The food is prepared fresh, and the portion sizes are generous.  My fiance is a fan of the shrimp rolls, the fries are hand cut, and the pork tacos are overflowing with juicy goodness.  Just writing the review makes me want to go back for more!  As if that weren't enough, they also have a full bar, and menu specials pretty much every night of the week.  The menu is pretty substantial, so if you haven't been before it may take you some time to decide what you want.  Fairly certain there is no wrong choice, but I think I need to back another time or two, or ten....ya know....just to make sure.
I absolutely love, love, love the food at Hula. The lobster bisque soup, the Hula Burger, the Bowls they're all amazing!  The service was super slow but the server was very nice.  The only thing I would count as a downfall is they're patio is way too small and the inside doesn't have a comfortable atmosphere so the dining experience isn't that great. 
Since the food is so amazing I'll probably just do carry out.
YES, YES, YES! I wen't here solo on a Saturday night and man did I luck out! I had the Blackened Ahi, and man was it delicious! Perfectly cooked rare, with a blackened crust that really made a statement. The staff was great, but did not hover as sometimes happens when I'm solo. I'll keep this in mind for my next Scottsdale visit for sure! Great place to take a date too!
Great atmosphere! The pain killer is a pina colada on steroids!  Not frozen but delicious!  Come try this cool old town Scottsdale location.   The Ahi poke is a must!  Forgot to take a picture cause the food looked so amazing I had to eat it!
Love the location, love the people watching, but mostly I just adore the Modern Tiki Fish Sandwich. It is my favorite menu item.
Good was excellent! Everything came out rather quickly and their happy hour made my pocketbook happy too!
Great food... very fun atmosphere.
As a huge fan of the Phoenix location and now a resident of Old Town Scottsdale, I was beyond stoked to know that I live less than 2 miles away from the new location. Dana is a great owner and the staff at both locations are amazing. Location in Old Town is perfect and the decor is always on point, I would totally live on the patio! As a vegetarian, their menu stands out for me compared to other restaurants. I can't get enough of their Big Sur Black Bean Burger. You may be thinking, "Grrrrreat. ANOTHER veggie burger for the non meat people".. No way, this burger is perfect, not bland and is AWESOME with added avocado. The tofu tacos and bowls are fantastic too. To the reviewer who said that everything was a little spicy.. Well, I'm sorry to burst your bubble but it is pacific islander style food. It's meant to have a kick and boy does it rule. The drink list is a lot of fun as well, I always look forward to a Tiki Bastard or good old fashion Zombie! Thanks Hula's, you have a regular for as long as I'm in Arizona :)
The hubby and I ordered the starter ceviche REALLY GOOD! I had the ahi tacos also REALLY GOOD it came with white rice and black beans. The hubby ordered shrimp mango Ceasar salad awesome combo!! Service was outstanding extremely helpful on deciding what to order. Great atmosphere!
We went here for lunch and can't wait to come back and try the Ahi Poke on the dinner menu (I wish they have more appetizer choices on the lunch menu).  I tried the Pork Tacos, which came with rice and black beans.  The pork was very tender and flavorful with a hint of pineapple.  My fiance ordered the chicken bowl, which was delicious!  The curry based sauce they used on the chicken was one of the best sauces I have ever tasted.  The service was slightly slow, but the food was wonderful!
Cool vibe. Great happy hour too!  Welcome to Scottsdale, Hula's!
I love the food and the drinks are perfects
Great Food and amazing value. The drinks are strong and well priced and the vibe is cool. What more could you want?

Try the appetizers (shrimp rolls and fish cakes)

The tiki bastard and Mai tai are well made drinks here worth trying.
Our server Charlie was great! Soo informative about the menu and on top of everything. Great relaxing atmosphere and not ridiculously priced. Only problem is parking, like anywhere in old town. Definitely worth checking out!
Came by here after a Giants spring training baseball game.  Though a tiki bar there was none of the kitsch.  It is a very nice space that's front is open to the street.  I rarely drink rum but I had mai tais, which were really good.  We drank and grazed on appetizers for a couple of hours.  This is a really cool place.
Eek I think not is right!  I have nothing good to say about this place considering the fact that my credit card was dropped when I gave it to my waitress to pay. The worst part is that she didn't even notice that she had lost it!!  A couple of friends and I thought it would be fun to try the new location for happy hour.  Being a server over the years, I feel that I am a fair customer because I've been in almost every situation that you can imagine.  However, when it's time to go home on a work night....I'm ready to GO!  The food was ok, and the happy hour was a pretty good deal but, bad service can put a really bad taste in my mouth.  Unfortunately, that's what happened.  I don't recommend going here if you are in a big hurry or the place is full.  They might be understaffed, or just haven't got the swing of things yet, but I sure hope that they get it together soon because the remodel was done well and it's hard to see a restaurant with a solid reputation go under.
Came in on a Saturday night and this place was definitely happenin'

Positives: 
- The luau pork dish was absolutely delectable
- Happy hour, even on the weekends! Just get there early
- Inventive takes on drinks
- Really enjoyed the casual, yet modern atmosphere

Negatives: 
- They still weren't taking reservations unless it was for a party of 8 or larger. The hostess did us a favor and allowed us to make a reservation for 6. Even though it was for 8:30, we definitely would've had to wait for at least 15 minutes if we didn't make that reservation...so this policy doesn't make sense
- Our server either forgot orders or mixed up orders twice. But she was really nice and seemed to be trying her hardest on a busy weekend 
- Tahiti lager; would not recommend
- Things were a bit more expensive than I anticipated when portion size was taken into account
Delicious food per usual--love the building and service. I do love the other hulas location a bit more because of its awesome, giant patio. But it is super nice to have the options of delicious Mongolian beef bowl closer to home!
I enjoyed a terrific spicy Thai chicken bowl.  5 star taste and presentation, but at $13 for lunch, I docked it a star for being a bit pricey.  Outstanding service and a tasty Kono coconut-flavored brown beer made for a wonderful lunch experience.
Had a great experience. Was at Scottsdale for the SF Giants Spring Training. Food was excellent. Went there for dinner, and literally went back the next morning for breakfast. Juan Carlos was our waiter Sunday morning. Great guy.
Hula's by far is one of my top 3 restaurants in the valley and when i heard a second location was opening in Scottsdale i was excited!  This new location offera a nice easy going come as you are atmosphere and love the  large open patio. 

Our service was terrific, she offered suggestions and made sure our drinks were always full. 

Food was terrific, we ordered my favorite Coconut shrimp rolls with the pineapple sauce is AMAZING! I ordered the luau pulled pork with sweet potato fries, these portions are pretty generous too, I took 1/2 home. My boyfriend ordered the Jamaican jerk chicken with rice, johnny cakes and plantains. Very generous portions....and very flavorful. I posted pics on here too. 

Highly recommend giving Hulas a try....oh, my favorite drink is called The Painkiller.  

Thanks Hulas for another location, great service and delish food :)
This place was great. We sat at one of their outside tables. The husband had the 1/2 order of ribs and I had the most delicious fish with yummy side dishes. Waitress was very nice and helpful. I would definitely return.
The tuna poke is fantastic. Do yourself a favor and order this with some wonton chips to start. 

Also, have had Juan Carlos as a server multiple times. He is fantastic and will make sure you have everything you need.  

Great drink specials and amazing Mac and cheese
The menu had so many good options that it was hard to pick just one thing. In the end, I decided to get the Jawaiian Jerk Pork plate. So so so good. So much food too. Amazing flavors. The restaurant itself is nice, but a little on the small side. Only one TV so don't plan on going here to watch a game. Small patio, but they are pet friendly so that is a HUGE plus! :)
Hula gets a high five in my book and I'll sum up why they do. First of all, they serve brunch on Saturdays and Sundays but that's not even the best part. They also serve all day happy hour on Saturdays and Sundays as well. Technically it's not called "all day happy hour," but they serve it from morning until 7:00 PM. In my mind, that counts as all day! Do you know what this means? $2 mimosas and $5 cocktails. I almost didn't want to give away the brunch secret but since I love Hula's, I decided to share it anyway. The brunch was really good and they have a great Polynesian twist on basic breakfast items. They even offer fried spam for their eggs Benedict. Very random, but I'm almost intrigued to give it a try. Almost. Not only does the brunch menu include breakfast, but it also offers a wide variety of sandwiches and tacos. 

Besides weekend brunch, they also have a great lunch and dinner. I've enjoyed both the Polynesian chicken sandwich as well as the steak sandwich. Both were flavorful but I personally like the steak sandwich more because it had a serious kick. I wouldn't get it if you can't handle spice. The chicken sandwich had a delicious teryiaki like sauce. We have also had their crispy shrimp rolls which were a nice way to start the meal. They were tasty but not overly filling. My favorite cocktail? The Painkiller or the Mai Tai. They taste like vacation. All that's missing is the ocean but Scottsdale will just have to work on that harder. 

Finally, I really like their chill atmosphere and open environment. It's very fresh and airy with the big sliding doors and the patio (although small) is perfect. Do you have a four-legged friend? The patio is dog friendly!
Awesome atmosphere, great style, very neo-tiki. I love tiki, so the more the merrier, especially in AZ.

Apps are good, had some bomb sweet potato fries, the entrees are also pretty big, hungry big. Which is nice considering the tiny portions you get at most places.

A sweet place to load up on food and visuals, relax, enjoy yourself, and feel like you're not in Arizona anymore, but in a cool modern cafe in LA by the beach.
Went to dinner on Sunday with my friend. We had stopped in for appetizers a few weeks ago and decided to try something new on the large menu. We were seated very quickly and arrived just in the nick of time to find the restaurant quickly filled up. It is laid out very well to accommodate all sizes of parties. We had the Hawaiian Ceviche which was refreshing and filling. We previously tried the Lobster Bisque which was divine. This time we also had the Fried fish cakes, which were crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle. He had the fried calamari sandwich and I tried the Baja Fish tacos. The Calamari sandwich was amazing. Thin strips were lightly battered and fried, then topped with French dressing and cole slaw. The bun was sturdy enough to hold everything in place and the calamari was very soft and tender. I couldn't believe that it was calamari. I never had a great desire for it because most of the time it is too rubbery and chewy. Not this one! I highly recommend it! The fish tacos were good, 3 of them on corn tortillas with sliced avocado and rice and beans. The rice and beans were nothing special but the tacos filled us up. I would definitely  go back for the Calamari sandwich and to try some other items on the menu. Also, try the Lilikoi Margarita...it is a perfect balance of sweet and sour and half price during happy hour.
If you have been to the Islands, you will not be impressed. The menu is basically American Food with Hawaiian labels. They do have Kona Beer on tap and some Tiki mugs to serve a Mai Tai. Oh and don't forget the staff in red t-shirts with black spandex and boots. Aloha!
The food was great, service was good.  Good, fresh take on Island food. Shrimp tacos were delicious, the black bean burger was also very good. Nice, casual atmosphere.
creative drink options (wide range of sweet / girly to more strong / powerful) - we sat at the bar and had a couple drinks before meeting friends for dinner up the street. we didn't eat but they had a rather complex food menu (which sometimes I am skeptical of - how can you accell at a book full of different food options a la Cheesecake Factory?) and the food smelled great. 

when we originally walked in (this was a week after their initial opening, we later learned), there were no seats at the bar. we contemplated waiting but then decided we didn't have time to wait for a seat, have drinks and meet our friends on time so we walked out. we got about 15 feet out the door when the very observant bartender came after us and said that two bar seats just opened up if we still wanted them. we were impressed by his follow up.

once we got to the bar, it took a while to get a bartender to take our order (hey what happened to our friend who chased after us?) but once we finally received the drinks, the drinks were perfect and the bartender apologized and comped a drink (without our asking) and was very friendly and talkative.

for this being their first week of being open, their customer service was top notch and in itself a reason to return.
Minutes after writing my first review for Hula's I received a sincere apology letter from Dana at Hula's.  Now THAT is what I call a solid, caring, good business owner.  Not only did he apologize for my experience he took the time to ask for more details about the service.  I'm impressed at his quick action and willingness to make things right.  I hate to sound like a tough customer, but sometimes speaking out on Yelp is what it takes to make a difference.  With that being said, I will DEFINITELY be back to Hula's.  :)  Thanks Dana!  Sorry for the first rough go 'round!
I love the location and the open look of the restaurant. Went in late mid-week and sat at the bar. The bartender was less than happy to be there. He had some friends there so was socializing with them the entire time. He was nice but didn't pay much attention to us. We had to wave him down for everything. There was a couple that came in after us and after bartender ignored them for some time they walked out. Only tried the shrimp appetizer which was a good portion and very good. I would go again but hopefully there is a different bartender next time.
Cool place. Love the open air dining. Jackie the bartender is awesome. It's my first time here, and she is the best!  Welcoming.  The Ahi tacos are great (bartender recommended). Enjoy!!!!
The drinks were great but strong, food was either very bland or very spicy, ambiance was a nice outdoor lounge feel. The Scorpion bowl was a good drink but the bowl it came in looked like it was bought in a back alley tourist shop in chinatown...see pics
Hulas is a solid option if you are in the Old Town area. I love the tiki bar concept and their amazing Polynesian cocktails. Be aware these are strong drinks. I sat at the bar and Hulas does not skimp on their pours. Service at the bar was friendly and prompt. 

The menu is amazing and it took me a while to decide. I was using Yelp mobile and reading all the reviews and each "you have to try this App or entre" review just added to my indecision. I finally decided to order the Ahi tuna tacos and they were seared perfect, spicy, and served on a bed of coleslaw. A side of rice accompanied my tacos. I would highly recommend Hulas for their cocktails, Apps, and entrees. Lastly they have a great extended happy hour. I believe they have daily speciasl as well.
I am a big fan of Hula's opening up a spot in my hood!  I've been a handful of times and have not been disappointed with the food, drink or service.  Hula's hash for brunch was amazing, sweet potato fries are yum ... Dr Funk, Zombie and Tiki Bastard are among my fave drinks. I did not care for the lilikoi (passion fruit) margarita, but there are plenty of other options to choose from.  I haven't done the lunch or dinner menu yet, but I'm sure I will soon!  I'll be trying out a veggie/vegan option next time. 
The layout is nice and hasn't been overly crowded on any of my visits.  I've always been able to get a table and/or sit at the bar.  Tables are comfy and they have a big community-style table in the bar area that would work good for a group doing drinks & apps during happy hour (which they've dubbed tiki hour.)
Nothing special to say for or against this place.  Price was on par with where it was (a little expensive - scottsdale), food was ok, service was ok.  Nice atmosphere and it does seem to be baby friendly as we had our 9 month old and others had babies too.  

Didn't get the "Tiki" part, didn't seem to overly islandish.
Since moving to Scottsdale, I was hoping and wishing that Hula's would open another location. Finally, my wish came true! Luckily, it lived up to my high expectations as well. 

Like the other location, parking is small and practically non-existent. Keep this in mind when visiting. It is best to park at one of the many other parking structures in downtown Scottsdale and then walking to Hula's. It will save you a parking headache. 
The actual restaurant is pretty open with a small wrap-around patio. Inside has a bar and plenty of tables for small to large groups. As you walk in, the hostess greets you and asks for inside or out. We chose inside and were seated immediately. Our waitress was young and friendly. They all wore uniforms, which (if I remember correctly) the Phoenix location staff doesn't. 

We were in time for happy hour, so my husband and I each ordered a Dr. Funk - coconut rum, crme de banana, pineapple and orange juice. Additionally, we ordered the crispy coconut shrimp rolls - only $5 at happy hour. For dinner, I ordered the steak tacos and my husband ordered the big kahuna (a large ribeye steak). Our drinks arrived promptly and our shrimp rolls arrived shortly after. The drink was perfection and the rolls were delicious. Once we finished our appetizer and first round of drinks, our dinner arrived. Both of us ordered our steak medium rare and they came out cooked perfectly. The tacos were especially flavorful and I love the rice with beans side dish. My husband enjoyed his steak as well saying it was tender and flavorful.

Overall, we had a great time. This location is just as good as the Phoenix location and we'll be back for sure!
Our party of 4 all loved every part of our meal at Hula's!  The food was delicious and full of flavor with just enough spice to make it interesting.  There was a great atmosphere with fresh air flowing through the restaurant and an upbeat environment.  The service was above average.  We will return again and again.
The name "Hula" makes me think of greasy Hawaiian BBQ but I can promise you that you won't find any of that at this hopping Scottsdale eatery. My friend and I went for lunch and we were pleased that they had their own parking lot (albeit small) and we were surprised that the interior was classy (whereas we were expecting uber casual beachy). Service was prompt and friendly and it was only a matter of time before our lunches arrived - Caesar salad with shrimp rolls and a Polynesian chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries.  The Caesar dressing is amazing so I would recommend any of the Caesar salads here.  The Polynesian chicken sandwich was excellent but definitely a little messy so if you are at Hulas on a first date or lunch interview I would skip it.  :-).  For visitors from colder parts of the country, I can see where they would really enjoy the garage doors that roll up for access to the small outdoor patio and to welcome Sonoran breezes.

Not only is the food good here but the atmosphere is great too.  If you are fortunate enough to be there when the weather is ideal it's reminiscent of a San Diegan or Hawaiian ocean front burger stand.
Nothing special about this place. The food is ok. The service was terrible. They do have a few good beers on tap but nothing so great that I will go back.

And now upon reviewing our Amex statement we were over charged for our meal. A very disappointing experience all together!
My barber couldn't squeeze me in until 2:30 pm and since it was close to lunch time, I made the executive decision to explore Old Town Scottsdale.  

Out comes my Yelp app, close by was a ton of interesting options.  Hula's Modern Tiki caught my attention and within three minutes, I was parking in their off-street lot (nice!).

Nice vibe and very helpful staff.  They had the front completely open and I chose to sit out there.  The hostess noticed the table needed to be wiped down and ran to get a dish rag, much appreciated.

Menu is fairly deep but I was fixated (as always) on the tacos.  I choose two, the sweet pork and the habanero lime tacos.  Both were bursting with flavor.  The pork was delicious, some of the best I've had and I make this at home a lot!  The habanero lime tacos were excellent, really not spicy so I'm not sure they're named correctly but still the flavor profiles were fantastic.

Had iced tea and it was excellent, very good and my server kept it full.  Overall, I'll go back and take the Princess along (she wasn't happy I went without her).  Great food and service.
I went to this location yesterday and I was a little disappointed. It just didn't have the same 50s tiki lounge feel as the one downtown. The menu seemed to be mostly the same. Since I was there with some friends on a workday for lunch we didn't get any cocktails. We all ended up getting the two taco plate and we were all pretty happy with them. The grilled fish was fantastic! I also got the pork which was good except that it came with a gross coleslaw even though I had specifically asked if the slaw had a dressing and she said no, it was dry cabbage. She didn't come by to ask how everything was so I just let it go. Overall the service was not that great but they are pretty new still so I'll let it slide.

I'd like to give them a try for happy hour but overall it didn't seem to have the same watering hole feel as the one downtown.
Love it.. one of our new favorite places.. great service, atmosphere, food and drinks.  Insane Thai Chicken Bowl and Mai Tai's!
Love , Love Hula's . The food is always good and the drinks are fun. I've had the fish tacos, burger and the coconut shrimp all have been nothing but spectacular.
Went for a team building dinner and it was great.  The Thai Spicy chicken bowl and blood orange martins are fabulous
It's very hard to see how anyone can be really pleased with Hula's, at least with the Scottsdale location.  

The restaurant is modern, clean, and comfortable, but sterile with only the vaguest hints of Hawaii.  The service, for us at least, was polite but uncaring and sometimes inattentive.  And the food was mainly average with an occasionally below average item thrown in.  

For example, what they call a Luau platter contains very pedestrian BBQ pulled pork, not luau style at all.  When you bake a pig in an earth over, wrapped in banana leaves, you get the meat that you don't really have to shread because it falls apart.  And you get the whole hog mixed together which adds a complexity of flavors and textures.  With shredded pork shoulder or butt you get pulled pork.  It's not the same thing, and Hula's version is not even a good rendition of pulled pork.

None of the other items was much better, except for the sweet plantains (hard to ruin) and the rice.  

Hula's squeaks by with three stars but it could have gotten two for the disappointment.
Gave this Place another try the other night. As always a great atmosphere and there were many people in the restaurant mid week. Sat at the bar again and the bartender was very attentive and very nice. We ordered the beef and chicken bowls which were delicious and had a unique flavor to them. The restaurant and bathrooms are extremely clean as well! I will definitely come back here.
I use to live in Central Phoenix and regularly made trips to the Hula's on Central Ave. When the Scottsdale Hula's opened I was ecstatic! The staff is all really friendly and every time my husband and I visit the waiters remember us and chat us up.  The food is so good... All of the tacos are great and if you are just going to have snack the appetizer menu is quite impressive.  I think the only thing I have had that I was on the fence about was the calamari strips.  I'm a huge fan of the ceviche and ahi! The Dr. Funk and Painkiller are great drinks for anyone looking to enjoy their all Wednesday happy hour and the seasonal Longboard beers are great too! I would strongly suggest this place! I am giving this four stars only because the patio seating is so small and I feel like I can never get a table outside.  Living in Scottsdale, I personally love to take advantage of the outdoors. However, if you don't mind being inside they have a great and spacious seating arrangement with a retracting wall to bring in the fresh air.
I am pretty obsessed with this place.  Food is off the hook, fun drinks and great atmosphere!!!
This place is great!

To keep it simple, I love the food, the drinks, the happy hour, and the bar staff was excellent!  

I don't know what is wrong with most yelpers, but if you want to review a restaurant as an actual critic does, you need to not bring expectations along with you.  Too many yelp reviews have been based off of expectations, but those are completely wrong.  

Just go dine, take it all in, and then present your review, if needed.  Also, we don't need to hear every single detail of your bun, sauce, taste of the burger, crisp lettuce, blah, blah, blah, blah, BLAH!!!!   We get it!!  You think you're a creative writer!  But no one cares! 

Just go here, eat some food, have some drinks, and enjoy yourself!

You're welcome!
We enjoyed having dinner and drinks at Hula's before a night out in Old Town. The drinks were large and strong and the food was tasty! The decor was modern, not so much Tiki flavor (except reggae music). The service we received was good. I did really enjoy the food: Thai fish cakes were particularly delicious, and we enjoyed the fish tacos as well. I'd come back for the food, for sure.
Food was great! We had Poke, potstickers and steak tacos. All were yummy! Can't wait to come back and try more!
I am so happy that they moved closer to me. I've been a patron at their Central Ave location since forever but was always a pain to get to. I love their cocktails so to prevent any DUI it was always a $30 cab ride each way. No longer thanks to this new location!

The cocktails are good. The food is always delicious. I love the curry bowl, veggie burgers, tacos basically you can not go wrong with anything on the menu. Lots of vegetarian/vegan options.
As with the Hula's on Central, Hula's in Scottsdale is quite nice. I like that it's located slightly off Scottsdale Road so it doesn't seem as intensely busy. I like the layout of the restaurant a lot, and the service is good. As always, can't go wrong with a mai tai. I also like the tofu tacos and their Caesar salad is delish.

If you're touring restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale, give Hula's a go.
Great concept, great service! I had the luah pork sandwich...ok but not great. My friend had the tacos that were delicious.
Love both of their locations. Delicious and affordable. Great atmosphere.
Ok I would give it only three stars  because I was likely the oldest person here in the place.  I felt "old" around the twenty somethings in the place.  However the staff did not make me feel that way so it would not be fair to say it was A OK when it was likely a nice place to eat.... the drinks are reasonably priced.  I really should not care but I felt that maybe this place was not "for me". We did not have the food so go in and give it a try.  The entres and main dishes looked really good.
I would give this 4.5 stars. The service was amazing the server was very accommodating to much wifes eating restrictions.  The fish sandwich was good. The fish tasted very fresh. Happy hour all day on Wednesday.
This is a pretty great place. the atmosphere is nice and chill, the staff is super friendly but the food is really why I go there! I've had the mango chicken caesar, one of the lunch "bowls" and both are really good. Best on the menu are the Tacos! I've had the shrimp, fish and chicken and all three are phenomenal! Great Place!!!
I loved the Scottsdale location.  We went on a weeknight and it wasn't insanely busy like the downtown Phoenix location.  They allow for a casual dining experience without all the stuffiness of some Scottsdale restaurants.

Our waiter was amazing, very attentive, even asking how we liked our drinks.

The food was the best part!  We ordered the CocoJoe Chicken Plate and Jawaiian Jerk Chicken plate.  I highly recommend the Jawaiian Jerk Chicken.
Since my friend loves rum infused drinks we decided to come here for bites on a Saturday afternoon. I'm not into fruity drinks with fluffy umbrellas on them but my friend loved every drink they ordered the crispy coconut shrimp egg rolls. Everything was delicious. I can see myself come back on a Friday and Saturday night to enjoy more of the scene.
My new favorite place in old town!! 

The drinks are amazing, the food is really good, I love the hula's wings and my husband loves the Cajun burger, he said is the best burger he has ever had and on top of everything they have happy hour on the weekend. 
 We really really like this place :).
I typically prefer going here for breakfast because it's sooooo freakin good! Lunch of dinner is good but I need to be in the mood. I recommend the cajun burger if you do though. 4 stars for slow service the past three times I've gone.

Did I mention they play really good music? That's key for me. If they played some bumpkin country music it wouldn't be as cool ya know what I mean?
Love their brunch deals. $2 mimosas!
Went to Hulas last night after movie with a girlfriend. We sat at the bar. This place is very cute and love something different other than the normal boring old west style places in that area. Drinks were fabulous. Food was even better. Highly recommend the Poke and the Coconut Shrimp rolls. Staff was pleasant too. Overall very nice experience. Will be going back :)
This place has great HH bites . . . and unique drinks! When you are looking for something a little bit different and are really tired of the green-chile-chips-and-salsa route, try Hula's for a change of pace. Relaxed and laid back just like the Pacific islands, Hula's Modern Tiki is a place to wind-down and have some great food. The best thing about this place, even beyond the great food, is the service. Wonderful! Everyone made us feel like they were truly happy that, of all the Old Town choices, we had selected Hula's. 

Parking is a bear unless you get there early . . .  but that just gives you longer to enjoy Happy Hour!
I've been to Hula's a couple of times now and am definitely a fan so I figured I'd write a review.

Pros- Really good food, I recommend the Baja Fish Tacos, and the black bean burger- which is quite possibly one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had! I've been here for brunch too and everything is delicious and Hawaiian themed (cute). Also, GREAT cocktails! I came here yesterday for an event and ordered the Blood Orange Martini, YUM! My friend got the Painkiller and that was amazing too. 

Cons- Okay so issue number one, it's sort of a weird layout. Near the bar they have two long tables that are parallel to the bar and even though it makes the space look modern and contemporary, I can't help but feel like it's such a waste of space. I get why they have them, for larger groups, but why not connect the booth's that are toward the front? I don't know, but I felt it worth mentioning since everytime I go here with a different person they say the same thing so it must just feel odd to all. Then again, I majored in design as did many of my friends so perhaps we're more sensitive to it then others. Again, this isn't that big of a deal because at the end of the day the food is great so who cares. 

Issue number two- okay, how do I say this without sounding like a bitch? Hmm can't. Can the front desk girls please put on real pants? Seriously! Yesterday I saw a girl wearing worn-out yoga clothes and thought "Really? Who goes to a place like this from Yoga. That's sorta gross." Then to my horror I realized the girl actually worked there. WOW. Unlike the layout, you might want to re-think this one, Hula. You're too classy and cool of a place to allow workers to be greeting guests in what could pass as pajamas. Like seriously, bikinis would be less offensive at least that's in line with the theme. 

But again, I come here often and really like it. Those are just my humble suggestions to make this place even better.
I am a tiki aficionado and was looking forward to checking this place out. The curb appeal is rather cool outside. Entering the place it does have a real modern feel hence the word in their name. However, I was really really disappointed that there wasn't any tiki type props or decorations anywhere in the restaurant other than the kitschy midcentury props stored inside the bar and the lonely only picture in the entire tiki themed restaurant hidden in the corner - a Mark Ryden print. I just expected a lot more and was told by the bartender that the other central location is better themed so I hope that they're going to make some additions as far as the decor goes . Now we had just eaten at Malee's Thai Room so we didn't sample any of the food items. What we did have was this giant scorpion bowl drink that was strong as heck and tasted awesome - flaming nectar of the gods it was. Bravo! Mr. Bartender. We would have stayed just a little bit longer but there was an extremely intoxicated noisy loud platinum blonde Snottsdale bimbo screeching stupidity right next to my wife's ear so we decided to pack it up after one. I'll make my way down here again and check it out again and maybe downtown too.
I am from out of town and never been to AZ before. This place had some amazing food!! My husband had the macadamia nut encrusted mahi and I had the the blackened halibut with wasabi mash. Both were great but the macadamia dish took that round! Compliments to the chef!
Stopped in to enjoy the July 4th daytime festivities and maybe because of big Dana's holiday hoopla, this was a better experience than my visit to his other outpost. On this day, he decided to discount all appetizers $2 from the menu, not just the mini-list he created on the normal happy hour menu. Hey, Dana buddy, that was my idea in the first place, bring it on across the board please. Anyway, boycott lifted, I tried the very hot and well seasoned Sweet Potato fries that came with a secret sauce, which was revealed by the server as Ketchup, mayo and mustard? Not sure those were the ingredients, but the fries were very good as was the coconut shrimp egg roll thing that was quite unique. Only four pieces, but they had a decent number of shrimp and a good nutty topping on the open faced appetizer. This dipping sauce was not liked by my date, it was billed as pineapple horseradish, and I hate that condiment, but luckily it tasted nothing like horseradish. Finally, I didn't touch the spicy seaweed, but it got a good thumbs up as did the one margarita on the drink menu. My two "girlie" fruity cocktails also hit the spot on this very warm holiday. I would also say to Dana to maybe close all the windows on these humid days because you can't have it both ways in the Arizona summer.
I love that Hulas made a second location because every time we head to Scottsdale/old town and we can't make our mind up on where to eat, we head to Hulas...

I love their Mai-Tai's... 

As some of you may know I am a huge fan of their "Hangover Hash"... Not because I'm hungover quite often but I love the ingredients... That luau pork over the crispy hash browns goes great with the 2 over medium eggs on top... That is my go to breakfast/brunch option...

I have so many other favorites on the menu but I'm making myself hungry as I write this review so this one will be a short one...

The decor here is very cute and goes well in the Old Town area... Service is prompt and some days get busier than others... Great job Hula's #2...
Words cannot describe how much I love this damn place. I truly loathe Scottsdale and the whole scene- but this little place is definitely worth the trip to Snobsdale.  Awesome happy hour options- everything on the menu is SO good.  Best mimosas everrrrrr.